THE

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

From June the 15th, 1727,

In the First Year of the Reign of

King GEORGE the Second,

TO

December the 5th, 1732,

In the Sixth Year of the Reign of

King GEORGE the Second.

Re-printed by Order of the House of Commons.

1803.

JOURNALS

OF THE,

HOUSE of COMMONS.

VOL. 21.

A

__________

[ 3 ]

[a] WHEREAS it hath pleased Almighty God to call to his Mercy our late Sovereign Lord King George, Recognition % A J of blessed Memory, by whole Decease the imperial Crowns of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, are of Ge£- H* % /m/ solely and rightfully come to the high and mighty Prince, George, Prince of Wales \ we therefore, Acc*ffion-▼ ▼ the Lords Spiritual and Temporal of this Realm, being here assisted with thofeof his late Majesty's Privy Council, with Numbers of other principal Gentlemen of Quality, -with the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens of London, do now hereby, with one full Voice, and Consent of Tongue and Heart, publish and proclaim.

That the high and mighty Prince, George, Prince of Wales, is now, by the Death of our late Sovereign, of happy Memory, become our only lawful and rightful Liege Lord, George the Second, by the Grace of God, King of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, Defender of the Faith, lAc. to whom we do acknowledge all Faith and constant Obedience, with all hearty and humble Affection; beseeching God, by whom Kings and Queens do reign, to blels the royal King George the Second with long and happy Years to reign over us.

Given at the Court at Leicester House, this Fourteenth Day of June, 1727.

GOD save the King.

W. Cant. Ch. Greenwood Essex Tho. Smith Will. Lewis Le Grand

King, C. William Sharpe Macclesfield J. Rushout Fra. Burton

Trevor, C. P. S. Tho. Beake Scarborough T. Lyttelton Rob. Nesbitt

Grafton Cardigan Tho. Coplefion Richard Plumer

Queensberry and Dover Grantham Adolphus Oughton Tho. Sidney

Argyll and Greenwich Denbigh De Loraine Edward Southwell Tyrawly

Kent Albemarle Bridgewater Th. Clements J. Montgomerie

Lincoln Gage Ashbumham Tyrconnel Rob. Sourbee

Holies Newcastle Tadcaster "Radnor Tho. Martin Hub. Marshall

Sutherland Bathurst Harborough Fra. North Roger Martin

Pembroke De Lawarr Will. Powlett John Lambert In. Jones

Nottingham Cadogan Cholmondeley John Jocelyn Rob. Corbet

Stair Will. Manners John EJfington Claud. Amyand Will. Corbet

Falmouth Dunmore John Eyles, Mayor Ph. Crefpigny Wriothefiey Betton

Lotfdale T. Woodcock John Camp Tho. Sadler Cha. Lumley

Carteret Wm. Wilmer Tho. Benson Geo. Lochmann Tho. Salt

Leckmere Lovett G. Cook Ph. Journeaulx Charles Lucas

Sp. Compton R. Arnold Robert Corker Edw. Godfrey Hen. Holcombe

P. Methuen Tho. Colby J. Pendelbury Fra. Whitworth Tho. Cartwright

D. Finch Alex. Abercromby Hartington John Mohun Abel Stibbs

W. Stanhope Thomas Say Daniel Lamy Na. HuJJey W. Shaw

R, Walpole Patt. Ward William Wynn G. Harvey Edward Brown

R. Raymond Ja. Macartney P. Felon P. Bettesworth Ben. Whiten

7 Jekyll In. Savage Fran. Blake James Trymmer Dun. Forbes

R. Eyre Jof. Ferrers W. Clevland T. Pelham Aug. Schutz

H. Pelham W. Compton J. Hayne Fran. Hill V. Cor new all

Rob. Sutton Dan. Dering H. Bendyjh C. Frewen Charles Stanhope

Wm. Pulteney Rickard Lilly H. Bendy/b jun. R. Cochrane J. Stevens

T. Jenkyns Sam. Hetherington Tho. Whetham Rich. Ingoldefby Ch. Delafaye

P. Yorke John Armstrong Pet. Campbell Tho. Lambert Tho. Bevois

C. Talbot Peterborow Anth. LaMelonune Rob. Whatley Thomas Needham

Edward Southzvell W. Cary Sussex Chesterfield Henry Wefion Henry De Saunieres Ra. JepJifon.

At the Court at Leicester House, the 14th Day of JW 1727.

PRESENT,

The KING'S most excellent Majesty in Council.

The King* T TIS Majesty, being this Day present in Council, was Declaration. pleased to make the following Declaration; viz.

THE sudden and unexpected Death of the King* my dearest Father, has filled my heart with so much Concern and Surprize, that I am at a loss, how toexprefs myself upon this great and melancholy Occasion.

I am sensible of the Weight, that immediately falls upon me, by taking the Government of a Nation, fb powerful at home, and of such Influence and Consequence abroad; but my Love and Affection to this Country, from my Knowledge and Experience of you, makes me

resolve chearfully to undergo all Difficulties for the Sake and Good of my People.

The Religion, Laws, and Liberties, of the Kingdom are most dear to me 5 and the Preservation of the Constitution in Church and State, as it is now happily established, shall be my first, and always my chief Care.

And, as the Alliances, entered into by the late King, my Father, with foreign Powers, have contributed to the restoring the Tranquillity, and preserving the Balance, of Europe, I shall endeavour to cultivate those Alliances, and to improve and perfect this great Work, for the Honour, Interest, and Security, of my People.

Whereupon the Lords of the Council made it their humble Request to his Majesty, That this his Majesty's most gracious Declaration to their Lordships might be made publick; which his Majesty was pleased to order accordingly.

Edward Southwell.

[a] A printed Copy of thii Recognition, and alf© a printed Copy of the following Declaration, made by his Majesty In Council, are inserted at the Beginning of this Journal.

Vol. 81.. LIONEL,

C 4 ]

Lord IT Lord Steward of ills Majesty's Houshold, Knight of the mod; noble Order of

Steward's t the Garter, and one of his Majesty's most honourable Privy Council, To all, to whom these Presents shall

Deputation. M j come. Greeting. Know ye, that I, the said Lord Steward, by virtue of my said Office of Lord Steward have oonflifoted, named, and appointed, and by thnfe Prelims do constitute, name, and appoint, the Riofit honourable Sir Paul Methuen, Knight of the Bath, and Treasurer of his Majesty's Houshold, the Right honourable Daniel, Lord Finch, Comptroller of his Majesty's Houfhdd* the Right honourable Sir Robert Walpole, Knight of the Garter, and Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Ragfot honourable Sir Jvfepk Jekyll, Knight, Mailer of the Rolls, William, Lord Marquis of Harrington, Wiki cm, Karl of Incheqniti, in the Kingdom of Ireland, Lord William Powlet, Henry, Lord Morpeth, live Right honourable Henry Pelham, Esquire, the Right honourable William Puiteney, Esquire, Phillips Gybbon, Esquire, William Farrer, Esquire, Sir John Ilinde Cotton, Baronet Sir Edward KnatchhuU, Sir Wilfrid Lazvfon, Baranets, Thomas Pawn. {Nathaniel Curzon, Richard Plumer, Richard Foley, William Guidot, Thomas Foley, Edmond Pike Heath, Charles Mount ague, Arthur Onslow, Samuel Ed wards, Francis Whitworth, Abell Kettelby, Paul Burrard, Charles LsngueviVe, Joseph GaJ'coigne, Harry Waller, Charles Mafiu, Esquires, John Birch, Serjeant at Law, Edmund Waller, John Bcrrmrd, John Cock borne, Harry Puiteney, Thomas Gore, George Deane, WillianiSlopsr, David PMill, James Scott, Abraham Elton, Charles Stanhope, John Latifdell, Richard Reynell, George Harr if on, William Townshend, Henry Cunninghame, John Knight, Thomas Paget, Hugh Williams, Samuel Molineux, Leonard Smelt, Thomas Whet ham, William Chetwynd, Thomas White, James St. Clair, Duncan Forbes, Robert Jacomb, Charles Selwyn, Thomas Gibson, Robert Murray, Thomas Lutwyche, Nicholas Philpot9 Michael Harvey, George Doddington, Peter Walter, George Gregory, Samuel Sandys, Waller Cary, George Wade9 peorge Carpenter, Thomas Hales, Robert Bruce, Ex ton Sayer, LL. D. Clement Kent, Thomas Copplefion, Henry Keif all, John Hunger ford, William Peer Williams, Esquires, John, Lord Hervey, Lord Nafj'au Powlet, Lord William Manners, Sir Thomas Lowther, Sir William Willijs, Baronets, Lord William Beauclerk, Francis Annejley, John Walter, Thomas Brodrick, George Huxley, Henry Vane, Sidney Wort ley, William Gore, John Scrope, Henry Keif all9 Henry Berkeley, Joftpk Danvers, William Noeil, Robert Herbert, Thomas Peiham, Daniel Puiteney, John Campbell, John Montgomery, William JeJJbp, Esquires, William Hucks, Robert Hucks, George Huxley, Josiah Burchet, Eftjuires, Sir Charles Wills, Sir Thomas Sanderson, Sir Conyers D'Arcy, Sir Robert Sutton, Sir William Stanhope, Sir Thomas Coke, Sir John Monfm, Knight of the Bath, Thomas, Lord Gage, in the Kingdom of Ireland, Sir William Gordon\ Sir Charles Hotham, Sr Orlando Bridgman, Sir John Rufkout, Sir Archibald Grant, Sir Christopher Musgrave. Sir Adolphus Oughton, Sir Thomas Francklmd, Sir Thomas Colby, Sir William St. ghintin,. Sir Philip Parker, Sir George Oxenden, Sir John Anstruther, Sir Jermyn Davers, Sir Gilbert Elliot, Sir Francis Leicester, Sir Roger Mojlyn, Baronet*, Sir John Hobart, Baronet, and Knight of the Bath, Sir George Cafwall, Sir Joseph Eyles, Sir Nathaniel Gould, Knightfc, Thomas, Earl of Londonderry, in the Kingdom of Ireland, Orlando Bridgman, Richard Edgcumbe, Thomas Edivards, Edward 7relawny, William Clayton, the honourable Buffey Manfeil, the honourable George Compton, the honourable William Leveson Gower', Thomas Bootle, Bor lace Richmond, alias Webb, Sackvile Tufton, Richard Arundell, Robert Brtfiow, Daniel Moore, Peter Campbell, John Merril, Martin Bladen, Mungo Haldane, William Shippen, Thomas Lewis, William Erskine, Charles Cholmondeley, Samuel Lowe, Henry Furnefe, John Chetwynd, Henry Arthur Herbert, George Bailie, John Pitt, James Lowther, Alexander Abercrombie, Humphry Morice, St. John Charlton, Henry Parsons, John Lade, Edmund Halsey, Anthony Lowther, John Ferney, Henry Holt Henley, William Wilmer, Robert Corker, John La Roche, Thomas Br ere ton. Sidney Meadows, Daniel Campbell, John Willes, William Hervey, William Gwen, Philip Lloyd, William Kerr, Henry Finch, William Stewart, Thomas Pelham, Robert Herbert, Sidney Godolphin, Thomas Chtterbuck, Thomas Wynn, and John Gum ley, Esquires, or any Six, Five, Four, Three, Two, or One, of them, my Deputies, and Deputy, in my place and (lead to tender and administer the Oaths, mentioned in the Statute, made in the First Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Questn Mary, intituled, u An Act for removing, and preventing, allQuestions and Disputes concerning the afiembiiogaiid " fitting of this present Parliament," according to the Diceftion afithe Statute, of the Sixth Year of the Iieign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for the Security of her Majesty's Person and Government, and of the Succession to the Crown of Great Britain in the Protestant Line," and of all and every other Statute and Statutes, directing the taking of the said Oaths before me, to all and every Person and Persons, which is, are, or shall be, elected or appointed a Knight, Citizen, Burgefe, BaFon of any of the Five Ports, or Commissioners of Shires or Burghs, for the present Parliament, ' and to take and receive the Oaths of all and every the said Person and Persons, which is, are, or shall be, elected or appointed a Knight, Citizen, Burgess, Baron of any of the Five Ports, or Commissioners of Shires or Burghs aforesaid, for the said Parliament; giving them, Six, Five, Four, Three, Two, or One, of them, -full Power and Authority to execute and perform the same; ratifying and confirming all and whatsoever my said Deputies, or Deputy, any Six, Five, Four, Three, Two, or One, of them, shall do and perform in this behalf, in as ample, perfect, and full, manner, as if I myself had personally been present, and done the same: In Testimony whereof, J have hereunto set my Hand and Seal. Given this 15th Day of June, in the First Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Second, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, &c. Apnoque Domini 1727.

Dos sit. ( }

5

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

Seffi 1727.

Ptrlisment meets on Demise of Geo. I.

Jovis, 150 die Junti;

Anno i* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1727.

IT having pleased Almighty God to call to his Mercy our late most gracious Sovereign Lord George, of glorious Memory, on Sunday, the Eleventh Instant; and his late Majesty's most honourable Privy Council, having met at Leicester House, the Residence of his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, directed that his Royal Highness should be proclaimed King; and the Privy Council, with the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Sheriffs, of the City of London, having this Morning, in the usual Manner, published and proclaimed his said Royal Highness King, by the Name of George the Second, King of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord President of the Council, Lord Steward of the Houshold, and others, Lords and Commons, going in the Procession; about Twelve of the Clock this Day the Parliament met at Westminster, pursuant to the Statute, made in the Sixth Year of her late Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for the Security of her Majesty's Person and Government, and of the Succession tc to the Crown of Great Britain in the Protestant Line and the most noble Lionel Duke of Dorset, Lord Steward of his Majesty's Houshold, came into the Room, belonging to the Clerk of the House of Commons, called the Inner Court of Wards, the usual Place of administering the Oaths, appointed to be taken by the Members, returned to serve in Parliament, before they go into the House of Commons; and Edward Stables, Esquire, Clerk of the House of Commons, and Mr. Atfkew,

Clerk's Assistant, and other Clerks, attending, according to their Duty *, the Lord Steward did himself in Person administer the said Oaths, appointed to be taken, to all such Members, as then appeared; and afterwards made a Commission, or Deputation, under his Hand and Seal (hereunto annexed) impowering the Members, so sworn, to administer the Oaths to such Members, as are, or should be, returned: Which being done, the Members repaired to their Seats in the House of Commons \ where, being seated, Mr. Speaker alone, and then the other Members present, took the Oaths, and made and subsenbed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, pursuant to the Act of the Sixth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, tf An Act for the Security of her Majesty's Person and Go-<c vernment, and of the Succession to the Crown of Great Britain in the Protestant Line."

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Sir Charles Mef&ge Dalton, Gentleman-u(her of the Black Rod: / to atcencl

Mr. Speaker, ' missioneiT*

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty's Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the Hoqfe of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House. went up to par|jament. the House of Peers; where the Commission was read, for prorogued, proroguing the Parliament until Tuesday, the Twenty-seventh Day of this Instant June; and the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until ‘Tuesday, the Twenty-seventh Day of this instant June.

[a] By the KING.

A PROCLAMATION.

GEORGE, R.

Proclamation TjIT WHEREAS at the time of the Demise of our late peering V? r0yai Father, of glorious Memory, this present ment.r Parliament stood prorogued to Tuesday, the Twenty-fc-venth Day of this instant June; and whereas by virtue of an Act of Parliament, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of our late royal Predecessor Queen Anne, of blessed Memory, intituled, "An Act for the Security of her Majesty s Person and Government, and of the Succession " of the Crown of Great Britain in the Protestant Line," it is required. That the said Parliament should, immediately after such Demise, meet, convene, and fit, and should ad, notwithstanding such Deinife, for and during the Term of Six Months, and no longer, unless the same should be fboner prorogued, or dissolved, as in the said

[a] The following printed Proclamation is here bound up in the Journal.

Ad is provided; and whereas we, with the Advice of our Privy Council, did order, that our said Parliament should be prorogued to Tuesday, the Twenty-seventh Day of this instant June, and the same hath been prorogued accordingly: Now we do hereby, with the Advice of our Privy Council, declare our royal Will and Pleasure, That the said Parliament shall on Tuesday, the Twenty-seventh Day of this instant June, be held, and fit, for the dispatch of divers weighty and important Affairs; and the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Knights; Citizens, and Burgesses, and the Commissioners of Shires and Burghs, of the House of Commons, are hereby required and commanded to give their Attendance accordingly, at Westminster, on Tuesday, the Twenty-seventh Day of this instant June.

Given at our Court at Leicester House, the Fifteenth Day of June 1727, in the First Year of our. Reign.

GOD save the King.

Vo l. 21.

B

6

27° — 28° Junii. . 1727.

Message to attend the King.

Members takt Oaths.

Members take Oaths.

Clandestine

Outlawries.

Kih^ Speech ' reported.

Martis, 270 di;

Anno i* Georgii II*, Regis 1727.

A MESSAGEfrom his Majesty, by Sir Charles Dalton, Gentleman-usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend his Majesty immediately in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty:

And being returned;

Several other Members took the Oaths, and made and /ujDscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, pursuant to the Act, of the Sixth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, <c An Act for the Security of her Majesty's " Person and Government, and of the Succession to the " Crown of Great Britain in the Protestant Line."

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriij 280 die Junii;

Anno i* Georgii Ildl Regis, 1727. Prayers.

SEVERAL other Members took the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, pursuant to the Act of the Sixth year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for the Security of her Majesty's " Person and Government, and of the Succession to the u Crown of Great Britain in the Protestant Line."

A Bill for the more effectual preventing clandestine Outlawries, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr: Speaker reported, thkt the House attended his Majesty Yesterday in the House of Peers; where his Majesty was pleased to make a most gracious Speech from the Throne to both Houses of Parliament; of which, Mr. Speaker said (the noise being very great) he had, to prevent Mistakes, obtained a Copy: Which he read to the House, and is as followeth; viz.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

_ I am nerfuaded that you all share with me in my Grief and Affliction for the death of my late royal Father; which, as it brings upon me the immediate Care and Weight of the Government, adds very much to my Concern, left I should not be as successful in my Endeavours, as I am above all things deiirous, to make you a great afidliappy People.

I heartily wish, that this first solemn Declaration of my mind in Parliament could sufficiently express the Sentiments of ray Heart, and give you a perfect and just Sense of my fixed Resolution, by all possible Means to merit the Love and Affection of my People, which I shall always look upon as the best Support and Security of my Crown.

And, as the Religion, Liberty, Property, and a due Execution of the Laws, are the most valuable Blessings of a free People, and the peculiar Privileges x>f this Nation, it shall be my constant Care to preserve the Constitution of this Kingdom, as it is now happily established, in Church and State, inviolable in all its Parts, and to secure to all my Subjects the full Enjoyment of their religious and civil Rights.

I fee, with great Pleasure, the happy Effects of that Vigour and Resolution, which was exerted in the last Session of Parliament, for the Defence of the Rights and Possessiorts of this Nation, and for maintaining the Tranquillity and Balance of Power in Europe. The strict Union and Harmony, which has hitherto subsisted among the Allies of the Treaty of Hanovery has chiefly contributed to

the near Prospect of a general Peace. I have therefore given all my Allies the strongest Assurances of pursuing the same Measures, and of making good the Engagements, entered into by the Crown of Great Britain.

The Chearfulness, with which the Supplies, necessary for carrying on this great Work, were raised, making it but just, that the public Expence should be lessened, as soon as the Circumstances ot Affairs will permit, 1 have already given Orders, for fending back some of the Regiments brought from Ireland, and will proceed to reduce my Forces both by Sea and Land, as soon as it can be done without Prejudice to the common Cause, and confident with the Interest of my Kingdom.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

You know very well, that the Grant of the greatest Part of the Civil List Revenues is now determined, and that it is necessary for you to make a new Provision for the Support of me and my Family. I am confident, it is needless for me in any particular Manner to recommend to your Care the consideration of what so nearly and personally concerns me; and I am persuaded, that the Experience of past Times, and a due Regard to the Honour and Dignity of the Cfowii, will prevail upon you to give me this first Proof of your Zeal and Affection in a manner answerable to the Necessities of my Government.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

I recommend it to you to give all possible Dispatch to such Business as shall necessarily be brought before you, the Season of the Year, and the Circumstances of Time, requiring your Presence in the Country, and making it improper to carry this Session into any great Length.

RefoPued, nemine contraiicentey That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, to condole with his Majesty upon the Death of his late royal Father; and to congratulate his Majesty on his happy Succession to the Throne, which alone could alleviate the Grief of his People, and repair the Loss of our late most gracious Sovereign; to return his Majesty the most humble Thanks of this House, for his' most gracious Speech from the Throne; to express our dutiful Acknowledgments for his Majesty's tender and paternal Care of the Religion, Laws, and Liberties of these Kingdoms, and for his great Goodness, in giving his People such ample Assurances inviolably to preserve the Constitution of these Kingdoms, as it is now happily established, in Church and State, and to secure to all his Subjects the full Enjoyment of all their religious and civil Rights; to acknowledge his Majesty's particular Regard to the Rights and Possessions of this Nation, and to the Peace and Tranquillity of Europe, in giving his Allies early Assurances of pursuing the same Measures, and making good the several Engagements of the Crown of Great Britain; to congratulate his Majesty on the Preliminaries being signed, and the happy Prospect of a general Peace, on Terms honourable, safe, and advantageous, to his Majesty, and all his Allies; and to return his Majesty our most dutiful Thanks, for his beginning to lessen the publick Expences, and resolving to make farther Reductions to his Forces, as soon as it can be done without Prejudice to the common Cause, and confident with the Interest of his Kingdoms; and, in Return to these many and great Instances of his Majesty's unlimited Goodnefe, and Concern for the Happiness and Welfare of his People, to assure his Majesty that we will, with our Lives and Fortunes, maintain and support His Majesty's undoubted Right and Title to the imperial Crown of this Realm, and all other his Majesty's Dominions, against all Attempts whatsoever, and provide such a Revenue for the Occasions of his Majesty's civil Government, as may be sufficient to support the Honour and Dignity of the Crown in its proper and full Lustre.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to draw up an Address, to be presented to his Majesty, upon the said Resolution:

And it is referred to Mr. Treasurer, Sir Archer Croft, Mt. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Pultenejy Sir Geo. Oxenden, Sir Wm. Tonge, Sir John

Hobart,

Address on King's Speech.

i Geo. II. a8° Jumi. 7

Hobart, Sir Wm. Thomson, Mr. Mr. Winnington,

Mr. Onslow, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Attorney-General, Mr. Brodrick, Sir 7&>. Saundtrfon, Mr-Sir John Rushout, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Walpole, Lord Harrington, Mr. Solicitor-General, Mr. Hutchtfon* Sir John Curzon, Mr. Curzon, Sir Wm. Pole, Lord Morpeth, Mr. JDigby, Mr. Clutterbuck, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Compton, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Edwards, Mr. Gar*, Sir Tio. Hanmer, Lord Grfp^ Lord Mayor of London» Sir Richard Hopkins; pr any Five of them: And they axe to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That his Majesty's most gracious Speech jbe referred to the said Committee.

Grand Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Religion do Committees. every yiiefday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances do fit every Thursday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts of Justice do fit every Saturday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade do fit every Friday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Committee Ordered, That a Committee of Privileges and Elections

of Privileges, be appointed, of Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Drake, Mr. Jacomb, Sir Nathanael Gould, Lord Gage, Lord Finch, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Doddingion, Mr. Onslow, Sir Archer Croft, Sir Tho. Saunderson, Sir John Curzon, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Palmer, Lord Wm. Powlett, Mr. Lloyd\ Mr. Conyers, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Hutcheson, Mr. Plummer, Mr. Gore, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Cary, Mr. Compton, Sir John Hind Cotton, Mr. Farm, Mr. *Bacon, Sir Or I. Bridgman, Mr. Conduit, Sir Richard Grosvenor, Mr. Ik/flb, Mr. Earl, Mr. Serjeant Birch, Mr. Jeflop, Mr. Montague, Mr. Lezvis, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Kent, Mr. Blagrave, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Philpott, Mr. Freman, Sir Barnham Rider, Mr. Martyn, Mr. Annesley, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Shepheard, Colonel Bladen, Mr. Morice, Mr. Burridge, Mr. Bruce, Mr. Bond, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Wyndham, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Bramston, Sir Robert Furneje, Mr. Campbell\ Mr. Gumley, Mr. Brudenell, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Guidott, Mr. Edgerton, Mr. Sir

77/o. Webfttr, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Merril, Mr. Hacks, Mr. White, Mr. Wihner, Mr. SV0//, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Bootle, Vlr. Ashe, Mr. Halsey, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Burrell, Sir 77/0. C/tfr£, Mr. Britiffe, Mr. Papillon: And they are to meet upon Monday Fortnight, at Five of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber; and to fit every Wednesday, Friday, and Monday, in the Afternoon; and all, that come, are to have Voices: And they are to take into Considerationall such Matters, as shall or may come in question, touching Returns, Elections, and Privileges; and to proceed upon double Returns in the first place; and to report their Proceedings* with their Opinions thereupon, to the House, from time to time: And all Persons, that will question. any Returns, are to do it within Fourteen Days next, and so within Fourteen Days next after any new Return shall be brought in: And the Committee are to have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, for their Information: And all Members who are returned for two or more Places, are to make their Election by this Day three Weeks, for which of the Places they will serve, provided there be no Question upon the Return for that Place: And if any thing shall come in question, touching the Return, Election, or Matter of Privilege, of any Member, he is to withdraw, during the time the Matter is in Debate: And that all Members, returned upon double Returns, do withdraw, till their Returns are determined.

Usual Resolved, That no Peer of this Realm hath any Right Order*. to give his Vote in the Election of any Member to serve in Parliament.

Resolved, That, where the House shall judge any Petition, touching Elections, to be frivolous and vexatious, Mol. 21.

the Ifppfc will order Satisfaction to be rwde to tb? Person petitioned against.

Resolved, That, in case it shall appear, any Person hath procured himself to be elected, or returned, a Member of this House, or endeavoured so to be, by Bribery, or any other corrupt Practices, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Person.

Resolved, That if it shall appear, that any Person hath been tampering with any Witness, in respect of his Evidence to be given to this House, or any Committee thereof, ordirectly, or indirefitly, hath endeavoured to deter or hinder any Person from appearing, or giving Evidence, the same is declared to be a high Crime and Misdeameanour, and this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear, that any Person hath given false Evidence in any same before this House, or any Committee thereof, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That it is a high Infringement of the Liberties and Privileges of the Commons of Great Britain, for any Lord of Parliament, or any Lord-lieutenant of any County, to concern themselves in the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, do from time to time take into his Custody any Stranger or Strangers, th^t he shall see, or be informed of to be, in the House, or Gallery, while the House, or any Committee of the whole House, is fitting; and that no Person, so taken into Custody, be discharged out of Custody, without the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That the Back-door of the Speaker's Chamber be locked up every Morning, at the fitting of the House, and the Key delivered to the Clerk, to be locked up by him; and that he do not presume to deliver the same to any Person whatsoever, without Order of the House; and that the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, do take care to clear the Speaker's Chamber every Day, before the Door is locked up.

Ordered, That no Member of this House do presume to bring any Stranger or Strangers into the House, or Gallery thereof, while the House is fitting.

Ordered, That the Constables, and other Officers, of Middlesex and Westminster, do take care, that from Ten of the Clock in the Morning to Four in the Afternoon, during this Session of Parliament, the Passages through the Streets, between Temple-bar and Westminster-hall, shall be kept free and open, and that no Obstruction be made by Cars, Drays, Carts, or otherwise, to hinder the Passage of the Members to and from this House; and that the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, do give Notice of this Order to the Officers aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Constables in waiting do take care, there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in Westminster-hall, or the Passages leading to the House, during the Sitting of Parliament; and that there be no Annoyance by Chairmen, Footmen, or otherwise, therein, or thereabouts.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the High Bailiff of Westminster-, and that he do fee the same put in Execution.

Ordered, That no Footmen be permitted to be within the Lobby of the House, or upon the Stairs leading thereto.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, do take into his Custody such Footmen as shall presume to disobey the Orders of the H me; and that no such Footmen be discharged out of Custody, but by the special Order of the House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, take into Consideration his Majesty's most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament.

' Ordered,

JJforf

Orders.

King's Sptec b to be considered.

W

Printing the Votes,

Add ref* on King's Speech.

8 *8° — 29* — 30* Junii. 1727.

Ordered That the Votes of this House be printed, being first peruled by Mr. Speaker; and that he do appoint the printing thereof; and that no other Person, but such as he shall appoint, do presume to print the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 2 90 die Junii;

Anno i* Georgii II" Regis, 1727. Prayers.

MR. Treasurer reported from the Committee, appointed Yesterday to draw up an Address, to be presented to his Majesty; that they had drawn up an Address accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as follows; viz.

Most grac ious Sovereign,

We, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, from a grateful Sense and Remembrance of the many Blef-sings we enjoyed under the Government of our late most gracious Sovereign, beg Leave, in the most dutiful Manner, to condole with your Majesty upon the Death of your late royal Father; a Loss to this Nation, which your Majesty alone could possibly repair.

Your immediate Succession banished all our Grief; and the uninterrupted Continuance of the Blefiings we had long enjoyed, obliges us with Duty and Gratitude to acknowledge the just Sense we have of our present and future Happiness, and to beseech your Majesty to accept the sincere Congratulations of your faithful Commons, upon your Majesty's happy Accession to the Throne of your royal Ancestors.

Your Majesty's most gracious Speech from the Throne requiresa more than ordinary Return of Duty and Thank-, fulness for that tender and paternal Care, which you have been pleased to express, of our Religion, Laws, and Liberties, and for those ample Assurances, your Majesty has given us, inviolably to preserve the Constitution of these Kingdoms, as it is now happily established, in Church and State, and to secure to all your Subjects the full Enjoyment of their religious and civil Rights; and, as these Blefiings are the most valuable and dear to a free People, and the peculiar Privileges of this Nation, we cannot enough admire your Majesty's Goodness, and express our Satisfaction, in this solemn Declaration of your Majesty's Resolution to make the Good of your People, your chief and constant Care.

We congratulate your Majesty upon the preliminary Articles being signed; and we fee, with great Pleasure, the Beginning of your Majesty's Reign attended with the happy Presages of a general Peace. The early Assurances, given by your Majesty to your Allies, of pursuing the same Measures as your late royal Father had taken, and of making good the several Engagements, entered into by the Crown of Great Britain, as they strengthen and cement that strict Union and Harmony, which has hitherto subsisted among the Allies of the Treaty of Hanover, they confirm to us the Hopes and near Prospect of a general Tranquillity, upon Terms, honourable, safe, and advantageous, to your Majesty, and all your Allies.

The Regard and Concern, which we had, and always shall have, for the Defence of the Rights and Possessions of this Nation, for vindicating the Honour of our Sovereign, and for maintaining the due Balance of Power in Europe, engaged us, with Chearfulness, during the last Session of Parliament, to grant the Supplies, necessary for the carrying on this great Work; and no greater Encouragement can possibly be given to us, than to fee your Majesty so early beginning to lessen the publick Expences, and resolving to reduce your Forces both by Sea and Land, as soon as it can be done without Prejudice to the

common Cause, and confident with the Interest and

Safety of this Nation.

These many and great Instances of your Majesty s Goodness, and Concern for the Happiness and Welfare of your People, call upon us for the highest Returns of Duty, Zeal, and Affection, to your Majesty's Person and Government; and, as we are fully convinced, that our f a] own Interest and Preservation arc inseparable from your Majesty's, we beg leave to assure your Majesty, that we will, with our Lives and Fortunes, maintain and support your Majesty's undoubted Right and Title to the imperial Crown of this Realm, and all other your Majesty's Dominions, against all Attempts whatsoever.

And when we reflect on your Majesty's royal Virtues, which promise us all the Blefiings that can flow from a Mind truly great; when we consider the distinguished Character of the Queen, your royal Consort, and the additional Happiness that defeends to your People from her many princely Qualities; and remember your numerous and hopeful I flue, the lading Pledge'and Security of our happy Establishment; that your Majesty's Crown may fit with Ease and Glory on your Head, we think ourselves indispensebly obliged to assure your Majesty, that we will provide such a Revenue for the Occasions of your Majesty's civil Government, as may be sufficient to support the Honour and Dignity of the Crown in its proper and full Lustre.

The said Address being read a Second time;

Resolved, nemine contradicente, That the House do agree with the Committee, in the said Address to be presented to his Majesty.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House, as are of his Majesty'smost honourable Privy Council, do humbly know his Majesty's Pleasure when he will be attended by this House.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into King'»Speech Consideration his Majesty's most gracious Speech to both cohered. Houses of Parliament;

The same was again read by Mr. Speaker.

And a Motion being made, That a Supply be granted Supply, to his Majesty, for the better Support of his Majesty's Houshold, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown;

Resolved\ nemine contradicente, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.,

Venerisy 30° die Junii;

fAnno i° Georgii IId‘ Regis, 1727.

Prayers.

HE Order of the Day for the House to resolve 8u ] A itself into a Committee of the whole House, to ppy' consider of the Motion made Yesterday, fora Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for the better Support of his Majesty's Houftiold, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown, being read;

Ordered, That his Majesty's most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer rejjorted from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report* when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered)

[d] Sic Orig. " your," Journal,

i Geo. II.

3 o' Junii — t " — 3 ° — 4° >/«.

Ordered,

Morning.

That the Report be received Tomorrow

King appoints to be attended.

Mr. Treasurer reported to the House, that his Majesty having been waited upon, pursuant to the Order of Yesterday, humbly to know, when he would please to be attended by this House; his Majesty had been pleased to appoint this Afternoon, at Two of the Clock, at his Palace of Sr. James.

And then the House adjourned till to Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sab bad, ‘ia die Julii;

Anno i® Georgii II1" Regis, 1727.

S

Prayers.

Qualification /ORDERED, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Offices in to enable Persons, now redding in Great Britain, to take the Oaths, and do all other A«fts, in Great Britain, requisite to qualify themselves to continue in their respective Places, Offices, and Employments, in Ireland; and that Mr. Attorney-general and Mr. Solicitor-general do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ireland.

Answer to Address.

Address on Answer.

Supply.

Mr. Speaker reported, that the House attended his Majesty yesterday with their Address; to which his Majesty was pleased to give this most gracious Answer:

Gentlemen,

1 return you my hearty Thanks for this dutiful and loyal Address: The Resolutions of the Commons of Great Britain are every-where so highly regarded, that I cannot but receive with the greatest Satisfaction this unanimous Declaration of your Fidelity, Zeal, and Affection; and I will endeavour, by a steady Care and Concern for the Interest and Welfare of my People, to answer the Expectations you have conceived of my Government.

Resolved, nemine coniradicente, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, to return the most humble Thanks of this House to his Majesty, for his most gracious Answer to their Address.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of ibis' House as are of his Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

Mr. Farrer (according to Order) reported from the Committee of thenvhole House, who were toconsider of the Motion, for a Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for the better Support of his Majesty's Houshold, and of the Honqur and Dignity of the Crown, the Resolution, they had directed him to report to the House; which lie read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as folio wet h, viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty, for the better Support of his Majesty's Houshold, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, nemine contradicente, That the House do agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty, for the better Support of his Majesty's Houshold, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the better Support of his Majesty's Houshold, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown.

Lunas, 30 die Julii;

Anno i° Georgii IIdl Regis, 1727.

Pkayers,

MR. Treasurer reported to the House, that their Ad- Answer to dress, of Saturday last, returning the most humbld Addrefi* Thanks of this House to his Majesty, for his most gracious Answer to their Address, had been presented to hU Majesty; and that his Majesty was pleased to receive the same very graciously.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Supply. Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the better Support of his Majesty's Houshold, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown. . -

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee. f Mr. Speaker resumed the Ch&ir. ® }

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, that ttiey had come to some Resolutions, which they bad directtea him to report, when the House will please to receive the fame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Goods, tea.

Martis, 40 die Julii; ,1;

Anno i° Georgii IIdl Regis* 1727. v A Prayers.

THE House being informed, that some of the Com- Prohibited missioners of the Customs attended at the Door,- East India

7 __1.

they were called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to several Acts of Parliament,

An Account of prohibited East India Goods, remain* ing in the Warehouses at St. Helen's, at Michaelmas 1726; with what has been brought in since that time, what exported, as also, what remained at Lady-day, 1727: And also,

An Account of prohibited East India Goods, remaining in the Warehouses at Leadenhall, at Michaelmas, 1726; with what has been brought in since that time, what exported, as also, what remained at Lady-day, 1727; And also,

An Account of prohibited East India Goods, remaining in his Majesty's Warehouse in the Port of London, at Michaelmas, 17265 with what has been brought in since that time, what exported, as also, what remained at Lady-day, 1727: And also,

An Account of prohibited East India Goods, remaining in the respective Warehouses in the Out-ports, at Michaelmas, 17265 with what has been brought in since that time, what exported, as also, what remained at Lady* day, 1727: And also.

An Account of naval Stores, imported from Ruftia into the Port of London, from Michaelmas, 172 6, to Lady day,

1727: And also.

An Account of naval Stores, imported from Ruftia into the Ports, commonly called the Out-ports, from Michaelmas, 1726, to Lady-day, 1727.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned Morning, Nine of the Clock,

Vol. 21.

Mr. Attorney-general (according to Order) presented Qualification to the House, a Bill to enable Persons, now residing in for Offices in till Monday Great Britain, to take the Oaths, and do all other Acts, IrcIand* in Great Britain, requisite to qualify themselves to continue in their respective Places, Offices, and Employments,

C in

__________2_

ro

4 — 5

6° Ju

A. 1717-

in Ireland; and the same was feceived, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Imprisonment of Blackburn* for Conipi-racy against

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the imprisonment of Robert Blackburne, and others* for the horrid Conspiracy to assassinate the Person of his late sacred Majesty King William the Third; and William ill. that Mr. Aitorrity-general and Mr. Solicitor-general dd prepare, ind bring in, the fame.

Mr. Attorney-general (according to Order) presented to the Hoqfe, a Bill for continuing the Imprisonment of Rbbert Blatkburne, and otheri, for the horrid Conspiracy. toaflaflihatfe the Person of his late sacred Majesty King Williath the Third; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Support of the King HouAioUI*

Mr. Farrer (according to Order) reported from th6 Committee of the whole House, who were to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the better Support of his Majesty's Houlhoid, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown, the Resolutions which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk's Table; where they were read, and are as follow 5 viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Support of his Majesty's Houthold, artd of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown, the same Revenues, which were payable to his late Majesty King George, of glorious Memory, during his Life, and had Continuance till the Time of his Demise, be granted, and continued, to his present Majesty, during his Life.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Revenues be continued from the Death of his late Majesty.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolutions; and that Mr. Farrer, Mr* Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Attorney-general, Mr. Solicitor-general, and Mr. Scrope, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Support of the King* Houlhoid.

Mercurii> 50 die Julit \

Anno i* Georgii IIdI Regis, 1727. Prayers.

MR. Farrer (according to Order) presented to the House, a Bill for the better Support of his Majesty's Houlhoid, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of Great Britain and the same was received, and read the First tirile.

Resolved, ncmlne rontradicente, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Imprisonment of Blackburne for Conspi-raev against William III.

irespective Places. Offices, ind Employments, in Ire/dnd, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refolded, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock*

Jovis, 6* die Julii

Anno i* Georgii IId‘ Regis, 1727.

PrAyERS.

ABI L L for the better Support of his Majesty's Support of Houlhoid, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of Great Britain, was read a Second time* ou 10

Refolded, That the Bill be committed*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House*

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr* Treasurer acquainted the House, that he had a MHfrge re-Message from his Majesty to this House, signed by his Majesty: And he delivered the same to Mr. Speaker \ Queen.° who read the same to the House 1 And the said Message. is as followeth; viz.

GEORGE R. f

His Majesty, considering that the Provision, made for the Queen, his Consort, in case (he should survive his Majesty, is very insufficient to support her royal Dignity, and that his Majesty is restrained by the Laws, now in being, from increasing the fame, thinks it necessary to recommend the making a further Provision for the Queen to your Consideration.

Resolved, nemine contradicente, That this House will,

Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take his Majesty's most gracious Message into Consideration*

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Imprison* Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for conti- ment of nuing the Imprisonment of Robert Blackburne, and others, for Confpl-for the horrid Conspiracy to assassinate the Person of his racy tgainst late sacred Majesty King William the Third. William ill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Attorney-general took the Chair of the Committee*

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chain

Mr. Attorney-general reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made some Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for continuing the Imprisonment of Robert Blackburne, and others, for the horrid Conspiracy to assassinate the Person of his late sacred Majesty King William the Third, was read a Second time*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, To*morrow Morning,

The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself Qualification into a Committee of ^he whole House, upon the Bill to for Offices in enable Persons, now residing in Great Britain, to take the Irclar, ci* Oaths, and do all other Acts, in Great Britain, requisite to qualify themselves to continue in their respective Places,

Offices, and Employments, in Ireland, being read;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, to enlarge the Time, for Persons continued in Offices, Places, and Employments, for the Space of Six Months after

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Demise of his late Majesty, to qualify themselves for

Qualification for Offices in Ireland.

the said Bill.

A Bill to enable Persons, now residing in Great Britain, to take the Oaths, and do all other Acts, in Great Bri-lain, requisite to qualify themselves to continue in their 22

their Continuance therein.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, to continue all Laws, now in force, which would expire at the End of this Session of Parliament.

Then

t Geo. IL 6° —

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee;

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Edgcumbe took the Chair of the Committed.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Edgcumbe reported from the Committee* that thby had made some Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Te-morrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, y° die Julii;

Anno i° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1727;

HaVers.

Imprison- A/TR. Attorney'-genefal (according to Order) tepdrted tticnt of lyjL from the Committee of the whole House, to whom for ConH- for continuing the Imprisonment of Robert Black-

racy against burne, and others, for the horrid Conspiracy to assassinate Wiifoualll. the Person of his late sacred Majesty King William the Third, was committed, the Amendments the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the said Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Message re- The Order of the Day for the House to resolve itself spetfing Pro- into a Committee of the whole House, to take his vision ior the Majesty's most gracious Message, presented to the House vjueen. Yesterday, into Consideration, being read;

Ordered, That his Majesty's said rrioft gracious Mef-sage be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, that they had come to some Resolutions which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Support of The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a the King* Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Houihoid. better Support of his Majesty's Houshold, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of Great Britain.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farrer took the Chair of the Cofnmittee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill* and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vol. 21.

8* Julii. t It

Sabbati, 8° die Julii;

Anno, i° Georgii IIdl Regis, 1727.

IPRAtf Eitd.

MR. TreSafurer acquainted the House; that he had a Mtffage re* Message from his Majesty to this House, signed spefting the by his Majesty: And he delivered the same to Mr; South Sea Speaker; who read the same to the House: And the said Message is as followeth; viz.

GEORGE R.

The South Sea Company having addressed his Majesty; in a dutiful Manner, that he would graciously pleased to condescend to be Governor of the said Company, and his Majesty having been graciously pleased to accept the fame; his Majesty recommends it to this House, to consider of proper Methods to render the same effectual.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable his Majesty to be Governor of the South Sea Company; and that Mr. Scrope, Lord Wm. Powlety and Mr*

Jacvmb> do prepare, and bring in, the feme.

Mr. Farrer (according to Order) reported from the Provision for Committee of the whole House, who were to consider of his Majesty's most gracious Message, presented to the House on ‘Thursday last, the Resolutions they had diteded him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are as follow; viz.

Refvlvedy That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Provision be made for the Queen, in case she shall survive his Majesty, of One hundred thousand Pounds per Jhinumy during her Life, to support her royal Dignity,' together, with his Majesty's Palace of Somerset House, and the Lodge and Lands at Richmond old Park.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That his Majesty be enabled to charge the said On£> hundred thousand Pounds per Annum on all or any of the Duties or Revenues settled or appointed for the better Support of his Majesty's Houihoid, and the Honour and Dignity of the Crown, which shall subsist after his Majesty's Demise.

The First Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, nemine contradicentey That the House do agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That a Provision be made for the Queen, in case (lie shall survive his Majesty, of One hundred thousand Pounds pet Annum, during her Life, to support her royal Dignity, together with his Majesty's Palace of Somerset House, and the Lodge and Lands at Richmond old Park.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved\ nemine contradicente. That the House do agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That his Majesty be enabled to charge the said One hundred thousand Pounds per Annum on all or any of the Duties or Revenues, settled or appointed for the better Support of his Majesty's Houshold, and the Honour and Dignity of the Crown, which shall subsist after his Majesty's Demile.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolutions; and that Mr. Farrer, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Scrope, do prepare and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Farrer (according to Order) reported, from the Suppwt of Committee of the\ whole House, to whom the Bill for the better Support of his Majesty's Houshold, and of the ou Honour and Dignity of the Crown of Great Britain, was committed, the Amendments the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House: and he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the said Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by

one.

12

8* — -i o'

ir

Julii.

A. 1727.

one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Orderedr, nemine contradicente, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Enabling the Mr. Smjte(according to Order) presented to the House, King to be a Bill to enable his Majesty to be Governor of the South W^Sea of Company j and the same was received, and read the Company* First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. Resolved, That the Bill be now read a Second time. The said Bill was accordingly read a Second time. Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

JmDrifon* ment of Black burnt ior Con (piracy against William 111.

Qualification for U % Vs. in IrefcluT.

Ah ingrossed Bill for continuing the Imprisonment of Robert Blackbi&ne, and others, for the horrid Conspiracy to assassinatd the Person of his late sacred Majesty King fVHiim the Third, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bril do pttfs; and that the Title be, An Act to continue the Imprisonment of Robert Black-buentj hhd others, foil the horrid Conspiracy to affaffiriatte the Person of his late sacred Majesty King William the Third, of glorious Memory.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney-General do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself a CMlttvittfce of the whole House, upon the Bill to ehgble PeMbns, how residing ih Great Britain, to take the Qafchs, and do all other Acts* in Great Britain, requisite th i^ialify themselves to continue in their fespective Places, Offices, and Employments, in Ireland, being read;

Orditidy Thatitbe an Instruction to the said Com-itfrt (tee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, to repeal (b thuch of the Act,* of the Sixth Year of the lieign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for the

Security of her Majesty's Person and Government, and <; of the Succession to the Crown of Great Britain in the

Protestant Line," as obliges any Officers to take the Oaths of Office, in respect of their being thereby continued for the Space of Six Months, and to indemnify all Persons for acting, during such time, without taking the said Oaths.

Ordered, That it be* an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, in relation to the Continuance of the Sheriffs of the County of Cornwall, and of the County Palatine of Chester, and other Officers within the Principality of Wales, Duchy of Cornwall, and County Palatine of Chester.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com-rtittee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, to continue the Vice-chancellor of the University of Dublin, till fom6 other Person be duly appointed to the said Office.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Edgcumbe took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Edgcumbe reported from the Committee, that they hacf gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 10° die Julii;

Anno i* Georgii Ildi Regis, 1727. Praters.

Support of A N ingrossed Bill for the better Support of his Ma-the £irg'8 jesty's Houftiold, and of the Honour and Dignity

Houshold. of t^e Crown of Great Britain, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass, and that the Title be,

An Act for the better Support of his Majesty's Houftiold, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of Great Britain.

Ordered, That Mr. Farrer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (according to Order) Provision for presented to the House, a Bill for enabling his Majesty to ^c^|irge"rm l'etile a Revenue, for supporting the royal Dignity of the vivorship. Queen, in case (lie shall survive his Majesty; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, nemine contradicente, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill so enable his Majesty lobe Governor Enabling the of the South Sea Company, was read the Third time. K'm£ to be

Resolved', That the Bill do pass; 2nd that the Title be, soml^Sea0 An Act to enable his Majesty to be Governor of the South Company. Sea Company.

Ordered, That Mr. Farrer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Report from (he Committee of the Qualification whole House, to whom the Bill to enable Persons, now residing in Great Britain, to take the Oaths, and do all other Acts in Great Britain, requisite to qualify themselves to continue in their respective Places, Offices, and Employments in Ireland, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 110 die Julii;

Anno i° Georgii IIdl Regis, 1727.

Prayers.

AM ES S A G E from the Lords, by Mr. Kynaston, and Mr. Thomas Bennet:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act fmpnfon-for continuing the Imprisonment of Robert Blackburne, meutof and others, for the horrid Conspiracy to affaffmate the blackburne Person of his late sacred Majesty King William the Third, of glorious Memory, without any Amendment. william Ilf*

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill for enabling his Majesty to settle a Revenue, for Settlementon supporting the royal Dignity of the Queen, in case (he theQ>>eenm shall survive his Majesty, was read a Second time. vivorfiiip.

Resolved, nemine contradicente, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Edgcumbe (according to Order) reported from the Qualification Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to for enable Persons, now residing in Great Britain, to take the 10 re Oaths, and do all other Acts, in Great Britain, requisite to qualify themselves to continue in their respective Places,

Offices, and Employments, in Ireland, was committed, the Amendments the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House:

And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the said Amendments were read, and, with some Amendments to One of them, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for allowing Time to Persons in Office., and beyond the Seas at the Time of his late Majesty's Demile, to qualify (hemselves.

And

GOO^l

i'G«o. II. Ii° — 12° — 13° — 14° — 17° Julii. 13

And the said Clause was twice read, with a Blank; Avbich was filled up.

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon,' agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, directing, before whom Persons residing in England, and possessed of Offices in Ireland, if newly thereunto appointed by his Majesty, shall take the Oaths.

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up.

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for allowing Persons, newly appointed to Offices in Ireland, to take the Oaths iu England.

And the said Clause was twice read, with a Blank; which was filled up.

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

And other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 120 die Julii;

Anno i* Georgii II<1 Regis, 1727.

Prayers.

Qualification A N ingrossed Bill to enable Persons, now residing in for Offices in Jljl Great Britain, to take the Oaths, and do all other Ireland. Acts, in Great Britain, requisite to qualify themselves to continue in their respective Places, Offices, and Employments, in Ireland, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act for making further Provisions, to enable Persons, possessed of Offices at the demise of his late Majesty, to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of such Offices; and for altering, and explaining, the Acts of Parliament therein mentioned, in relation to qualifying Persons for continuing in Offices, and to the Continuance of the Sheriffs of the County of Cornwall, and County Palatine of Chester, and several other Officers therein mentioned, after the Demise of his late Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; and for continuing such Laws, as would expire at the End of this Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Edgcumbe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Trovision for The House (according to Order) refoived itself into a the Queen in Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for enabling his Majesty to settle a Revenue, for supporting the royal Dignity of the Queen, in case fhe shall survive his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Kynaston, and Mr. Thomas Bennet:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Support of his Majesty's Houshold, and of Vol. 2}.

case of Sur-▼ivorship.

Support of the King'* Houshold.

the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of Great Britain, without any Amendment:

And also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable his Majesty to be Governor of the South Sea Company, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow . Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 130 die Julii;

Anno i* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1727.

Prayers.

MR. Chancellor of the Exchequer (according to Or-

der) reported from the Committee of the whole same orlsur- House, to whom the Bill for enabling his Majesty to set- vivorship# tie a Revenue, for supporting the royal Dignity of the Queen, in case she shall survive his Majesty, was committed, the Amendments, the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the said Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered\ nemine contradicente. That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 140 die

Anno i* Georgii II^ Regis, 1727.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for enabling his Majesty to settle a Ditto.

Revenue, for supporting the royal Dignity of the Queen, in case (he shall survive his Majesty, was read the Third time.

Resolved, nemine contradicente. That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for enabling his Majesty to settle a Revenue, for supporting the royal Dignity of the Queen, in case (he shall survive his Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 170 die Julii;

Anno i* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1727.

Prayers.

A MESS AGE from the Lords, by Mr. Kinafton, and Mr. Thomas Bennett:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Ditto, for enabling his Majesty to settle a Revenue, for supporting the royal Dignity of the Queen, in case (he shall survive his Majesty, without any Amendment:

And also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, Qu^tion An Act for making further Provisions, to enable Persons, found.*m possessed of Offices at the Demise of his late Majesty, to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of such Offices; and for altering, and explaining, the Acts of Parliament therein mentioned, in relation to qualifying Persons for continuing in Offices, and to the Continuance of the Sheriffs of the County of Cornwall, and County Palatine of Chester, and several other Officers therein mentioned, after the Demise of his late Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; and for continuing such Laws, as would expire at the D End

..ifjulii. 1727.

End of this Session of Parliament j without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Royal A/lent A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Charles Dallou,

to Bills. Gentleman-ulhecof the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend his Majesty immediately in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty in the House of Peers; where his Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several publick Bills following; viz.

An Act for the better Support of his Majesty's Hous-hold, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of Great Britain:

An Act for enabling his Majesty to settle a Revenue, for supporting the royal Dignity of the Queen, in case she shall survive his Majesty:

An Act to enable his Majesty to be Governor of the South Sea Company:

An Act for continuing the Imprisonment of Robert Blackburyie, and others, for the horrid Conspiracy to assassinate the Person of his late sacred Majesty King William the Third, of glorious Memory:

An Act for making further Provisions, to enable Persons, possessed of Offices at the Demise of his late Majesty, to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of such Offices; and for altering, and explaining, die Acts of Parliament therein mentioned, in relation to qualifying Persons for continuing in Offices, and to the Continuance of the Sheriffs of the County of Cornwall, and County Palatine of Chester, and several other Officers therein mentioned, after the Demise of his late Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; and for continuing such Laws, as would expire at the End of this Session of Parliament.

After which, his* Majesty was pleased to make a most gracious. Speech to both Houses of Parliament, as followeth; viz.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

The King's I cannot but express the greatest Satisfaction in the Speech. convincing Proofs you have given me, in this Session, of your Duty and Affection to my Person, and Zeal for my Government.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I must particularly thank you for your Unanimity and Dispatch in granting me the Revenues, necessary for the Support of my Family, and the Occasions of my civil Government; which you have done in a Manner so very agreeable, and with such a due regard to the Honour and Dignity of the Crown, that, if any thing could add to my own Inclinations of making the Happiness of my Subjects my principal Care and Study, this Instance of your particular Confidencein me would engage me more strongly to make use of the Power, you have given me, of doing Good, in promoting the Honour and Interest of my People.

The ample Provision, you have made for the Queen, is another Instance of your Regard for me; which, I am confident, (he will very well deserve, and I shall always acknowledge.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

It is a great Happiness to me, to see the Nation in so prosperous and flourishing a Condition, at the highest Pitch of Glory and Reputation, of great Weight in holding the Balance of Europe, defending themselves in their just Privileges and Possessions, and vindicating the Honour of the Crown of Great Britain.

At home, I find among my Protestant Subjects such mutual Charity and Forbearance diffused throughout the Kingdom, that the national Church repines not at the Indulgence, given to scrupulous Confidences, and those, that receive the Benefits of the Toleration, envy not the established Church the Rights and Privileges, which they by Law enjoy.

Fromthefe happy Causes, and favourable Conjunctures, has flowed that general Tranquillity, that Rife of publick Credit, and that Improvement of Trade and Commerce, which have greatly increased our Wealth and Power, and given us that Respect and Influence abroad, which has so much advanced the Glory and Happiness of this Nation.

But all these Blefiings, great and valuable as they are, had not been secured and transmitted to us, without your having carefully avoided all Occasions of Strife and Division, without a drift Regard to publick Faith, a constant Care and Attention towards discharging the national Debt, and without that Angular Steadiness and Resolution, which this Parliament has shewed upon all proper and necessary Occasions.

I can therefore make no Doubt, but that your Behaviour, and the Temper you have shewn, will sufficiently recommend this Parliament to the Esteem and good Opinion of their Country; who, from the same Con-dust, and by pursuing the same Measures, may promise themselves all future Prosperity.

The Expiration of this Parliament now drawing near,

I will give Orders for issuing the Writs, for calling and electing a new Parliament, as soon as it can conveniently be done; and I am persuaded, that the general Contest and Emulation in Expressions of Duty and Affection to me, which, to my great Satisfaction, I have universally . met with, will be further demonstrated by the Choice of a Parliament, zealously assessed to our present happy Establishment in the Protestant Succession; and, in Return, nothing shall be wanting on my Part, that can contribute towards improving a good Correspondence and Harmony between me and my People, and that can tend to perfect, and perpetuate, the Happiness of Great Britain.

And afterwards the Lord Chancellor, by his Majesty's Parliament Command, said, prorogued.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

It is his Majesty's royal Will and Pleasure, that this Parliament be prorogued to Tuesday, the Twenty-ninth Day of August next; and this Parliament is accordingly prorogued to Tuesday, the Twenty-ninth Day of August next.

J OURN ALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

16

28° Novembris.

A. 1727.

Proclamation for dissolving Parliament-

Proclamation for meeting of Parliament.

[a] By the KING,

A PROCLAMATION,

For dissolving this present Parliament, and declaring the calling of another.

GEORGE, R.

WHEREAS we have thought fit, by and with the Advice of our Privy Council, to difiolve this present Parliament, which now (lands prorogued to Tuesday the Twentyrninth Day of this instant August; we do, for that End, publish this our royal Proclamation, and do hereby dissolve the said Parliament accordingly; and the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, and Commissioners for Shires ajnd Burghs, of the House of Commons, arc discharged from their Meeting and Attendance on Tuesday, the said Twenty-ninth Day of this instant August: And beingdefirous, andrefolved, with the first Opportunity, to meet our People, and have their Advice in Parliament, do hereby make know to all our loving Subjects, our royal Will and Pleasure to call a new Parliament; and do hereby further declare, that, with the Advice of our Privy Council, we have this Day given Order to our Chancellor of Great Britain to iflfye out Writs in due Form, for calling a Parliament; which Writs are to bear Teste on Thursday, the Tenth Day of this Instant August, and to be returnable on Tuesday, the Twenty-eighth Day of November next.

Given at our Court at Kensington, the Fifth Day of August, 1727, in the First Year of our Reign* r G OD save the K1 if o.

gy the KI N G,

A PROCLAMATION.

GEORGE, R.

WHEREAS we have caused our Writs to be issued, for the calling of a Parliament, to meet, and be holden, at Westminster, on the Twenty-eighth Day of this Instant November; we, by the Advice of our Privy Council, do hereby publish and declare, that the said Parliament shall beprorogued, on the said Twenty-eighth Day of November, to Thursday, the Eleventh Day of January next ensuing; and we have given Order to our Chancellor of Great Britain to prepare a Writ Patent, under our Great Seal, for proroguing the same accordingly: And we do hereby further declare our Pleasure, that the said Parliament shall, on the said Eleventh Day of January, be held, and fit, for the Dispatch of divers weighty and important Affairs; and the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, and Commissioners of Shires and Burghs, of the House of Commons, are hereby required and commanded to give their Attendance accordingly at Westminster on the said Eleventh Day of January next ensuing.

Given at our Court at St. James*s, the Thirteenth Day of November, 1727, in the First Year of our Reign.

GOD lave the King.

Mortis, 28° die Novembris j

Anno i° Georgii II11 Regis, 1727.

and by his Writ of Summons, issued under the Great Seal of Great Britain, bearing Teste at Westminster on Thurs-day, the Tenth Day of August, 1727, and returnable on this Day, called a new Parliament; and Stephen Btjfe and Thomas Bray, Esquires, Clerk of the Crown in Chancery, having delivered to Edward StabUs, Esquire, Clerk of the House of Commons, a Book, containing a List of the Names of such Members, as had been returned, to serve in this Parliament, and several of the Members appearing, and understanding, that the Parliament was to be prorogued by Writ, went directly, without going into the House of Commons, or expecting any Message from the Lords, up to the Door of the House of Peers; and, after a short (lay there, the Gentleman-ufber of the Black Rod opening the Door, they, with the Clerk, went up to the Bar of the House; and, being the re, the Lord Chancellor, fitting covered on the Wool-sack, stood up, uncovered, and said,

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

His Majesty, by the Advice of his Privy Council, has ordered a Writ to be made out, for proroguing this Parliament.

Which Writ (lying on the Table) his Lordship di-reded the Clerk to read: And the same was read accordingly, for proroguing the Parliament until Thursday, the Eleventh Day of January next, as followeth: viz.

GEORGIUS, R.

Georgius fecundus, Dei gratii Magnae Britannia, Franciae, ct Hib'niae, Rex, fidei defenfor, &c. prsedi-Ie£tis et fidelibus n'ris praelatis, magnatibus, et proceri-bus, regni n'ri Magna Britannia, ac diledis et fidelibus n'ris militibus, civibus, burgenfibus, et commissionar. pro comitat. et burg, didi regni n ri, ad parliamentum n'rum, apud civitat. n'ram Westm. vicesimo octavo die instant. mensis Novembris, inchoand. et tenend. convo-catis et eledis, et v'rfim cuilibet, salutem. Cum nos, pro quibufdam arduis et urgentibus negotiis, nos, (latum et defenlionem didi regni n'ri Magna Britannia, et eccles. concernen. did. parliamentum n'rum ad diem et locum pradid. teneriordinaverimus, ac vobis per separalia br'ia n'ra apud civitat. et diem praed. interesse mandaverimus, ad tradand. consentiend. et concludend. luper iis, qua in dido parliament n'ro tunc et ib'm proponerentur, et tradarentur y quibufdam tamen certis de caufis et considerationibus, nos ad prafens fp'ialiter moyen. dictum parliament, n'rum ufq; diem Jovis, undecimum diem Januarii prox. futur. duximus prorogand. itaquod nec vos, nec aliquis v'rum, ad dictum vicesimum odavum diem Novembris apud civitat. pradid. comparere teneamini, feu ardemini volumus etiam, vos, et quemlibet v'rflm, inde erga nos penitus exonerari; mandantes, et tenore pnefentium firmiter injungend. pracipientes, vobis, et cuilibet v'rflm, ac omnibus al. quibus in hac parte interfit, quod ad dictum undecimum diem Januarii apud prad. civitat. Westm. personaliter compareatis et inter-litis, et quilibet v'rum compareat etinterfit, ad tradand. faciend. agend. et concludend. super iis, quae in dido parliamento n'ro, de co'i consilio didi regni n'ri (favente Deo) contigerint ordinari. Teste me ip'o apud Westm. decimo tertio die Novembris, anno regni n'ri primo.

Bre' ad parliament, (de prima summon.) prorogand.

Per ipsum Regem, propria manu signat.

Bifj'e tsf Bray.

Parliament rrijj E King's most excellent Majesty having by his prorogue . J[ royal prociamation> hereunto annexed, dated the Fifth Day of August, 1727, dissolved the last Parliament,

[4] At the Beginning of this Journal are inserted the two following printed Proclamations.

By

GOO^l

11® Janu

ProclamaT tion for Meeting of Parliament.

Parliament

prorogued.

JL

[a] By the KING,

A PROCLAMATION.

GEORGE; R.

WHEREAS our stariiataent, which We furiifrioned to meet at Westminster bn Tuefclfy, the Twenty-eighth Day of Tttfurmber last, (lands prorogued to fburf-day, the Eleventh Day of January nekt* we, With the Advice of our Privy Council,' do, for divers weighty Reasons, hereby publish and declare, that the said Parliament shall be further prorogued, on the (kid Eleventh Day of January, to Tuesday> the TvVenty-thttd Day of January next; and we have given Order to our Chancellor of Great Britain to prepare a Writ Patent, under our Great Seal, for proroguing the faihe accordingly: And we do further hereby declare out Pleafore, that the said Parliament shall, on the said Twenty-third Day of January, be held, and lit, for the Dispatch of divers urgent and important Affairs; and the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Knights, Citizens, arid Burgesses, and the Commissioners for Shires and Burghs, Of the House of Commons, are hereby required and commanded to give their Attendance accordingly at Westminster % on the said Twenty-third Day of January.

Given at our Court at St. James's, the Twenty-second Day of December, 1727, in the First Tear of our Reign.

GOD save the Kitfc,

Jovisi 11° die Januarii \

Anno i* Georgii IP1 Regis* 1727*

SEVERAL Members this Dayappeased; and undet-fianding, that the Parliament was to be again prorogued by Writ, they went, as before, without going into the House of Commons, or expecting any Message from the Lords, up to the House of Peers; where the Writ was read, for further proroguing the Parliament until Tuesday, the Three-and-twentieth Day of January next: Which Writ is as followeth j viz.

GEORGIUS, ft.

Georgius fecundus, Dei gratia Magnse Britanniae, Fran-ciae, et Hib'ni* Rex, floei defenfor, &c. praedilcdtis et fidelibus n'ris, prariatis, magnatibus, et proceribus, regni n'ri Magnie Britannia^ ac dile&is et fidelibus n'ris mili-

tibuS* tivifrus* bdrgenfibus-, et cimfhifiioriaf. pro comi-ttt.set bttig. di&i Tegni n'ri, ad parliaxbehtum h'rufo apud civit&t. ft Vain. Wfcftm. Undecifoodie Jahuurii prox. futuf. tfehend* convocatis et fcleftise, it v'r&'m cuilibet, (aiuterb. Cum Ms*, pro quibufdhtfi arduis et urgentibus negotiis, MS*, fetfuth et desertfionem r'hi ft'H Magnse liritariniafr, M icdtef. conctm^rt. distuffl parliament n'rum vicesimo OftaVo dfe NbVetnbris ult; p'rttterit. apud tiVitat. pra»d. tfcfteri ortiiiiaVerirfius, ac Vobls pht separ&l. br'ia ri'ra apud civitati set diem pfaklift. iriteteiTe mandaverimiii, ad tra-stand. confefttfehd. et cohcludehd. super iis, quae in dicto pdrl. n'rd tbiic et ibm proponefentuf et traftarentur; CUftiq; nos p6r bre' n'sum, cert is de caufis et cohfidera-tioriibus, MS id lioc fp'ialit. moveh; dictum pari, n'rum abdod'tri vicfefimd btftavo die Noverhbris ufq; ad et in undfecimutft diem Januarii pr£d. diiximuS prorogand. ita q'd nOc vos, nec aliquis v'r&ifiiad diflum iicefimum ofta-VUih diem Novehibris apud pried. civitit. cbfoparerc te-n&fhihi, feu ifftemini; volentes, vos, et qtiemlibet v'rfim, inde eFgd hbs periitus exbriferari; eft per idem bte' vobis, et cuilibet v'rfiririad diiffum uhdecrihum diem Januarii apud ti vital. jprfod. complrere et ihterefle nuptfimfe hlandavi-muS* ad tradtahd. faciend. agfend. tt concludedd. fupfcr iis* qii* in didteparl. n'ro conrigeririt oldinarii. Quibuf-dani tamen certis urgent ibusde caufis eteousiderationibus, ftbS ad hbc fp'ialitiir ihdVe'n. distlim parliament, n'rum ab uffdecifffodife Jariuitrii pr^d. ufq; diem Maltis, vicesimum terfiiith dieni thenfis Jafitiarii pr^S. ult. dbximus profo-gand. ita q'd hec Vos* iiec aliquis v'rfim, ad di&um un-dtcimum dierii Januarii apud civltat. praed. conipafere teheatnihi, feii arftefoini 5 volumus ctiiffi, VoS, et quemli-Bit v'rftrh, iffdt erga nos penitus efxoherari; mandantes, et tertoreprsefehtmm firmit.iirjungend.pra?cipienfes, vobis, et Cuilibet r'fflrti, ac o'ibus al. quibus in hac parti interfit, qudd ad distiifo vicesimiirh tertium diim Januarii apud pr£d. civifaf. Weltm. pelfoHalit. coihpareatis et irifirGtis, et qiiilibet V'lftm compareat et interfit, act tradand. fetiefed. igeffd. it WfiCludefid. super iis, qu± in dicto pafKafhentp h'ro, de co't consolid dicti r'ni n'ri (favehte Deo) contigerint ordinarf. Teste me ip'd apud Westfli. vicesimo ftcundb die DeCimbr. ahho regni tfrijftimo.

Bre* ad pari, (de (ecunda summon.J prorogand.

Per ipfbm ftegem, propria manu signat.

B$ tf Bray*

[«] The following printed Proclamation it here bound up in the Journal.

Vgl. 91.

E

LIONEL,

Lord

Steward's

Deputation.

18

ZIONEL, Duke of Dorset, Lord Steward of his Majesty's Houshold, Knight of the most noble Order of the Garter, and one of his Majesty's most honourable Privy Council, To all, to whom these Presents shall come, Greeting. Know ye, that I, the said Lord Steward, by virtue of my said Office of Lord Steward, have constituted, named, and appointed, and by these Presents do constitute, name, and appoint, the Right honourable Sir Paul Methuen, Knight of the Bath, and Treasurer of his Majesty's Houshold, the Right honourable Sir Robert Walpole, Knight of the Garter, and Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Right honourable Daniel, Lord Finch, Comptroller of his Majesty's Houffield, the Right honourable William Stanhope, Esquire, Vice-chamberlain of his Majesty's Houshold, the Right honourable Sir Joseph Jekyll, Knight, Masterof the Rolls, William, Lord Marquis of Harrington, Henry, Lord Marquis of Carnarvon, Lord William Powlett, Lord William Beauclerk, Lord Nafan Powlet, Lord Vere Beauclerk, Lord William Manners, Lord Harry Powlet, Henry, Lord Morpeth, George, Lord Lewisham, George, Lord Viscount Malpas, Sir Robert Sutton, and Sir John Hobart, Knights of the Bath, and Baronets, Sir Charles Wills, Sir William Yonge, Sir Thomas Wentworth, Sir Thomas Saunderson, John, Lord Viscount Tyrconnell, in the Kingdom of Ireland, Sir Michael Newton, Sir William Morgan, John, Lord Glenorchy,

Sir Robert Clifton, Knights of the Bath, John, Earl Fitzwilliam, in the Kingdom of Ireland, Thomas, Lord Viscount Gage, in the Kingdom of Ireland, James, Lord Viscount Limerick, in the Kingdom of Ireland, John, Lord Viscount Lijburne,.in the Kingdom of Ireland, Henry, Lord Viscount Palmerston, in the Kingdom of Ireland, Walter, Lord Viscount Chetwynd, in the Kingdom of Ireland, Sir Charles Turner, Sir Orlando Bridgman, Sir Henry Hoghton, Sir Thomas Lowther, Sir Thomas Read, Sir George Downing, Sir Philip Parker, Sir Thomas Frankland, Sir Roger Brad-Jhaigh, Sir Edward Stanley, Sir William Carew, Sir John Hind Cotton, Sir Robert Abdy, Sir Nicholas Williams, Sir Edmund Bacon, Sir Edward Dejbouverie, Sir Robert Salufbury Cotton, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir John Eyles, Sir George Beaumont, Sir John Schaw, Sir Richard Ellys, Sir Robert Furnefe, Sir Marmaduke Wyvill, Sir John Cope,

Sir Wilfrid Lawson, Sir Roger Meredith, Sir John Rushout, Sir William Parker, Sir James Dalrymple, Sir Thomas Lyttelton, Sir William Morice, Sir William Wyndham, Sir Jermyn Davers, Sir James Campbell, Sir William Strickland, Sir George Oxenden, Baronets, Sir Thomas Clarke, Sir James Thornhill, Sir John Norris, Sir William Thomson, Sir Nathanael Gould, Knights, Phillips Gybbon, Charles Longueville, Thomas Wyndham, John EJJington, Richard Plumer, Richard Onslow, Walter Cary, Horatio Walpole, George Gregory, John St. John, Richard Foley, Giles Earle, Thomas Pelham, Abraham Elton, William Bromley, William Pulteney, Ex ton Sayer, LL.D. Thomas Hales, John Chetwynd, Henry Cun-ninghame, Walter Chetwynd, Francis Child, John Hungerford, Richard Hampden, Daniel Wilson, Daniel Pulteney, Robert Monroe, Mount ague Gerrard Drake, George Doddington, Duncan Forbes, William Clayton, John Scrope, James Brudencll, Thomas Brereton, Horatio Townshend, Thomas Townshend, John Barnard, Edward Finch, Henry Berkley, John Con-duitt, Robert Jacomb, George Compton, John Rolle, Henry Ingram, Waller Bacon, Richard Edgcumbe, Marlin Bladen, John Cokburne, Samuel Molyneux, George Treby, Henry Pelham, John Hedworth, Charles Cholmondeley, Edmund Halsey, Richard Arundell, Edward Digby, Edward Wortley, alias Montagu, Richard Shuttleworth, Thomas Winnington, John Fane, Thomas Bacon, Francis Fane, Gabriel Roberts, Henry Kelfal, James Cocks, Pattee Byng, Erasmus Phillips, and Richard Sutton, Esquires, or any Six, Five, Four, Three, Two, or One, of them, my Deputies, and Deputy, in my place and stead to tender and administer the Oaths, mentioned in the Statute, made in the First Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, intituled, "An Act for removing, and " preventing, all Questions and Disputes concerning the assembling and fitting of this present Parliament," according to the Direction of the said Statute, and of all and every other Statute and Statutes, directing the taking of the said Oaths before me* to all and every Person and Persons, which is, are, or shall be, elected or appointed a Knight, Citizen, Burgess, Baron of any of the Five Ports, or Commissioners of Shires or Burghs, of the present Parliament, appointed to meet the Three-and-twentieth Day of January instant, and to take and receive the Oaths of all and every ' the said Person and Persons, which is, are, or shall be, elected or appointed a Knight, Citizen, Burgess, Baron of any of the Five Ports, or Commissioners for the Shire* or Burghs aforesaid, for the said Parliament; giving them, Six, Five, Four, Three, Two, or One, of them, full Power and Authority to execute and perform the iamei ratifying and confirming all and whatsoever my Deputies, or Deputy, shall do and perform in this behalf, in as ample, perfect, and full, Manner, as if! myself had personally been present, and done the fame. In Testimony whereof, I have hereunto set my Hand and Seal this Twenty-third Day of January, in the First Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord Georg*, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, Wc. Annoq; Domini 1727,-

Dorset. ( )

1 a

4

*9

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

Sess. 1727 — 1728.

Parliament

meets.

Message to attend the King.

Lord

Chancellor's

Speech.

Mr. Onslow chofrn Speaker.

Parliamentum, inceptum et tentum apud civitat. Westmonaft. die Martis, 230 Januarii, anno regni D'ni n'ri Georgii 2dl, Dei gratia Magnae Britanniae, Francise, et Hib'niae, Regis, fidei defenfor' &c. i°, annoq; Domini 1727.

ON which Day, being the first Day of the Meeting of this Parliament for the Dispatch of Business, pursuant to a Proclamation. hereunto annexed, and also to the Writs, which had issued for that Purpose, the Most noble Lyonel, Duke of Dorsett, Lord High Steward of his Majesty's Houshold, came about Eleven of the Clock into the Rooms, belonging to the Clerk of the House of Commons, called the Inner Court of Wards, the usual Place to administer the Oaths, appointed to be taken by the Members, returned to serve in Parliament; and Edward Stables, Esquire, Clerk of the House of Commons, and Mr. Aijkew, Clerk-aflistant, and the otherClerks, attending, according to their Duty; the Lord Steward did himself in Person administer the Oaths appointed to several of the Members, who appeared; and afterwards made a Commission, or Deputation, under his Hand and Seal, hereunto also annexed, impowering several of the Members, who had before been sworn, to administer the said Oaths to the rest of the Me mbers returned; who administered the same accordingly to such other Members, as appeared: Which being done, the Members repaired to their Seats in the House of Commons.

After which, a Message was delivered from the King by Sir Charles Dalton, Gentleman-uftier of the Black Rod: Gentlemen,

The King commands this honourable House to attend him immediately in the House of Peers.

Accordingly the House went up to attend his Majesty in the House of Peers; where the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, by his Majesty's Directions, laid.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

I am commanded by his Majesty to let you know, that he will defer declaring the Causes of his calling this Parliament, till the House of Commons have first of all a Speaker; and that therefore it is his Majesty's Pleasure, that you, Gentlemen of the House of Commons, repair to the Place, where you are to fit, and there proceed to the Choice of a proper Person to be your Speaker; and that you present such Person, whom you shall so choose, here on Saturday next, at One o'Clock, for his Majesty's royal Approbation.

And the House being returned;

# Occasion of bearing his Testimony of the Merits of the worthy Gentleman, then recommended*

Vol. 21.

to such, who bad not fat with him in Parliament; for to such only could it be necessary to say any thing upon this Occasion.

That this Vacancy had been twice supplied from his Family, with great Honour; and, when the Duty of the Chair came to be considered, he doubted not, but all the Qualifications, necessary for an exact Performance of it, would be found in him: A thorough Knowledge of the Orders and Methods of Parliament; a Clearness, and Readiness, in delivering Opinions in Matters of the greatest Intricacy; and above all, an unshaken Zeal in the Service of the Kingdom* and an Impartiality in judging on all Occasions: And who had fat with him in the last Parliaments, without observing, how exactly he had appeared to be vers'd in the Orders and Methods of Proceeding, with what Zeal for the Liberties of his Country, with what Strength and Perspicuity, he had debated, and how impartially he hadafted in all the important Affairs then in Agitation

That these were the Qualifications, which so eminently pointed him out a most worthy Successor to the noble Person, who last, and for so many Years, filled the Chair with so great Dignity: And that, thus qualified, he hoped, from the Duty, the worthy Person owed his Country, and from the Zeal, he had always shewn for the Service of it, that he would not decline any Service, the House might require from him, how difficult and painful soever it might appear; and that he should be excused for the Share he had taken in this Matter, since, he assured him, it proceeded from a full Conviction of the Truth of what he laid, and, of consequence, from the Duty he owed to the House, and his Country: That he forbore adding more to what he had said; not doubting other Gentlemen's Impatience to be as great, as his, to call to the Chair the worthy Person named; and therefore concluded, by seconding the Motion, that Arthur Onslow, Esquire, do take the Chair of this House, as Speaker.

And the House calling upon Mr. Onslow to the Chair; he flood up in his Place, and said,

Mr. Stables,

I am very sensible, how great an Honour I receive, in the noble Lord and the worthy Gentleman thinking me in any Degree qualified for that high Station, the filling of which is now the Subject of our Consideration. Their Motion to the House, Sir, will be the Glory of my Life; but, to make it so, it must flop here, left my having the Execution of this Office should lose me that Credit, which their Recommendation will otherwise give me; an Office,

10

23° — 270 Jamarii. A. 1727.

Sir, that all, who have been chosen to, have not succeeded in: Thegreateft Men have tried their Abilities there, and forae, who have been esteemed such before, 'tis said, have found this Eminence too high for 'em: Nay, Sir, even Speeches of Disability, having become a Custom and a Fashionon these Occafioas, and ftumld they be thought only such, shew the Sense of Mankind in all times as to the Hazard of this Undertaking. But that, which most increases my Dread, is, the Difficulty, the Example of the great Person, who presided last among us, has left upon the Behaviour of his Successor. What then, Sir, must the Terrors of my mind be, under the Apprehension of being raised to this dangerous Height, when surely no one, who ever came there, but gave fairer Hopes of well performing his Duty, than it is possible forme to do? Who, Sir, of late Ages at lead, has been called to this Promotion at the End of so short a Service in the House, as mine has been ? And who has had it to say in any Age, that his Knowledge of the Business of Parliament was not greater, than what I have acquired ? I should also urge my want of Years, would not that be an Argument against some Gentlemen here, whole great Qualifications might long ago have recommended 'em to this Charge, and whom, among others, 1 wish my honourable Friends had rather thought of, than the Person they have now named. Many, Sir, and great, are my other Inabilities for the Discharge of this important Trust> needless for me to mention, where there are so many Witnesses of'em, and who, I am satisfied, Sir, will join with me in beseeching the noble Lord and the honourable Gentleman to re cede from the Motion they have made, and by that to make way for another, which will be more for the Credit and Benefit of the House.

But the House again calling upon Mr. Onslow to the Chair; he was taken out of his Place by the Lord Marquis of Harrington and Sir William Strickland, who led him from the Bar of the House up to the Chair; where, upon the first Step to the Chair, he said,

I hope, before I go any further. Gentlemen will re-consider what they have done, and suffer me to return to my Place, in order to the making Choice of another Person more fit for this.

But the Members cried, u No, No/'

Whereupon Mr. Onslow ascended the upper Step; and standing the re, said.

Since Gentlemen will not receive the Reasons I have offered, for my not being brought hither, I am to return, which I do, my humblest Thanks to the House for the great Honour, which has this day been done me; but I hope, I shall have the Leave of Gentlemen tofubmit my Inabilities to his Majesty, and to implore his gracious Permission for the House to make another, which I'm sure must be a better, Choice.

The House CFied, " No, No."

And thereupon he fat down in the Chair; and then the Mace, which before lay under the Table, was laid upon the Table.

Then the Right honourable Daniel, Lord Fitich> Son and Heir Apparent to the Earl of Nottingham, one of the Knights of the Shire for the County of Rutland, and Comptroller of his Majesty's Houfhoid, laid, That

Sabbati, 270 die Januarii j

Anno »" Georgii II*' Regis, 1727.

Speaker pproved of the King.

THE House being met; and Mr. Speaker elect having taken the Chair;

A MefiTage was brought from his Majesty by Sir Charles Dalton, Gentleman-uftier of the Black Rod: Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend him in the House of Peers immediately.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker elect, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty; where he spake to the Efieft following, viz.

May it please your most Excellent Majesty:

The Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, having received your Majesty's Commands to make Choice of one of their Member., to be ;j refen ted to your Majesty, for their Speaker, have, in pursuance thereof, and according to their ancient Right, proceeded to an Election, and their Choice, Sir, is fallen on me for that important Trust; but how proper a Choice is now with your Majesty to judge; and happy, Sir, is it for your Commons, that your Majesty's Disapprobation will give them an Opportunity to reconsider what they have done, and to make another Election, more worthy of them, and of your Majesty's Approval. And, that your Majesty will be gradually pleased to shew this Indulgence to your faithful Commons, am I, Sir, an humble Suitor to you, for their Sakes, and my own; that their Debates, the Order, the Decorum, and the Dignity, of their Assembly, and thereby the great Affairs of the Kingdom, may not suffer through my Inabilities, nor I fink under the Weight of so unequal a Burthen, but be left to perform my Duty to your Majesty, and the Publick, in a Way more suited to my Capacity. But what, Sir, above all, renders me most improper for this high Station, and creates the greatest Dread on my Mind, is, my Unfitness to approach your sacred Person, and to represent your Commons, as they ought ever to appear before the Majesty of their Sovereign.

It is, Sir, for these Reasons, that I once more crave Leave to implore your Majesty's Goodnels, to command your Commons to do, what they can very easily perform, to make Choice of another Person, more proper for them to present to your Majesty on this great Occasion.

The Lord Chancellor, receiving Directions from his Majesty, said,

Mr. Onslow,

I am commanded by his Majesty to acquaint you, that he well approves of the decent and modest Manner of excusing yourself, but doth not admit the Excuse; for, being perfedUy satisfied with the Choice, the House of Commons hare made, his Majesty doth allow and confirm you to be their Speaker.

Then Mr. Speaker said.

Your Majesty having been pleased to approve the Choice, your Commons have made, is a Command upon me, and makes it my Duty to submit. I do therefore, Sir, with all Thankfulness acknowledge your Majesty's Grace in conferring this undeserved Honour upon me, and do here beg Leave to allure your Majesty of my best Endeavours to discharge, if I cannot with Ability, yet with Impartiality, and Uprightness of Heart, this great Trust, which the Commons have committed to me, and which has now received your royal Confirmation. And, for my Encouragement, permit me, Great Sir, to beseech your Majesty's Pardon on my Failings and Infirmities, at lead, that your Majesty will not impute 'em in anywise to your faithful Commons. And, that they may be the better enabled to do their Duty to your Majesty, and their Country, I do in their Name, and on their behalf, by humble Petition to your Majesty, lay Claim to all their ancient Rights and Privileges; particularly, that theif Persons, their Servants, and their Estates, may be free from Arrests, and all Molestations; that they may enjoy Freedom of Speech, for the better Management of their Debates; and have Liberty of Access to your royal Person, when Occasion shall require it; and that all their Proceedings may receive from your Majesty the most favourable Construction.

The Lord Chancellor, by his Majesty's further Commands, said,

Mr. Speaker,

His Majesty is graciously pleased to grant to the House of Commons all the Privileges, you have afleed in their Name, in the most full, ample, and beneficial, Manner, they have been at any time granted or allowed by any of his royal Predeceftbrs: And, *6 to yourself, hi*

Majesty

i Geo. II. 27* — 29® — -31 0 J

Majesty is so entirely satisfied of your dutiful AffeXion to Jiis Service, that he will on all Occasions make the best and most favourable ConstruXion of all your Words and AXions in the Execution and Performance of this great Trust, as Speaker of the House of Commons.

The House being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, that the House hath attended his Majesty in the House of Peers; where his Majesty had been pleased to approve the Choice, which they had made of him to be their Speaker; and, upon the Petition of the House by him for that purpose, his Majesty had also been pleased to grant and allow all the ancient Rights and Privileges of the House, in as full and ample a Manner, as any of their Predecessors ever enjoyed 'em $ particularly for their Persons, Estates, and Servants, to be free from Arrests, and all Molestation; to have Freedom of Speech, and Access to his royal Person on all proper Occasions:

And that now nothing remained for him to do, before he entered upon his Duty, but to repeat his most humble Thanks to the House, for the Honour he had received in being called to this high Station; and to assure Gentlemen of his best Endeavours to discharge, as he ought, the Trust they hpd reposed in him; and, although he could not promise those Abilities, which, he feared, would be necessaryfor the due performance of it, yet this the House might depend upon from him, that a steady Impartiality in every thing, and a due Respex to every body, should govern his Behaviour here: That on these Terms he ventured to a(k the Assistance and Candour of Gentlemen, to prevent, or cure, and to forgive, his Errors; and, to enable him the better to go through with his Duty, he hoped. Gentlemen would keep ftriXly to the Rules and Forms of the House, so necessary for the Dispatch of Bu-finess; and, for the same Reason too, it was to be wish'd, that the House would meet earlier in the Morning, than has been accustomed of late; but what, above all, it was his Duty to exhort Gentlemen to, is the avoiding all Animofiries against, and personal Reflexions upon, one another in the course of their Debates.

Mr. Speaker After which, Mr. Speaker put the House in mind, that takes Oaths, the first thing the y had to do, was, to take the Oaths appointed, and to make and subscribe the Declaration, and to take and subscribe the Oath of Abjuration, by Law required.

And thereupon Mr. Speaker first, alone, (landing upon the upper Step of the Chair, took the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, accordingly.

And after him several Members took the said Oaths, and made and subscribed the said Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Lunte^ 290 die Januarii',

Anno l® Georgii IIdi Regis, 1727. Prayers.

Members O EVER AL other Members present took the Oaths, tike Oaths. O and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes.

And then the House adjourned till Wednesday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Vol. 21.

Mercurii, 310 die Januarii

Anno i* Georgii ILdi Regis, 1727. Prayers*

SEVERAL other Members present took the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes.

A Bill for the more effectual preventing clandestine Outlawries, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time*

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Religion do fit every Tuesday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances do fit every Thursday in the Afternoon, in the House*

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts of Justice do fit every Saturday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade do fit every Friday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, T\x&S.z. Committee of Privileges and Elections be appointed, of Mr. Earle, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Pelham, Sir William Yonge, Sir Charles Wills, Mr. Gybbon, Lord Morpeth, Mr. Pawlet, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Wort ley, Mr. Selwyn, Lord Najflau Pawlet, Mr. Tyrrell, Dr. Sayer, Mr. Goddard, Sir Robert Sutton, Mr. St. John, Mr, Whitworth, Sir Wilfred Lawson, Mr. Dodington, Sir Thomas Sander-Jon, Mr. Huxley, Mr. Molyneux, Mr. Plummer, Mr. Herbert, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Wither, Sir James Campbell, Colonel Bladen, Mr. Drake, Mr. Vice-chamberlain, Lord Limerick, Sir Roger Meredith, Sir Roger BradJJiaigh, Mr. Clavering:, Sir Robert Furnefe, Mr. Conduitt, Lord How, Mr. Colyear, Lord Vane, Sir Nathanial Curztin, Mr. Bofcazven, Mr. Speake, Lord Wm. Powlett, Mr. Trenchard, Mr. Morton, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Berkeley, Sir John Cope, Mr. Winningtcn, Mr. Hampden, Sir John Shelly, Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Danvers, Sir Tho. Ready Mr. Booth, Mr. Lumley, Mr. Bayly, Lord Malpas, Lord Wm. Manners, Mr. Leveson Gower-, Sir Wm. Wyndham, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Lawson, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Hucks, Mr. Bytig, Sir John Eyles, Brigadier Sutton, Sir Thomas Clark, Mr. Barnard, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Arun-dell, Mr. Churchill, Lord Galvoay, Mr. Watkin Williams Wynn, Mr. Oglethorp, Sir Robert Rich, Lord Chetwynd, Mr, Finch, Mr. Wyndham, Sir Joseph Eyles, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Herbert, Sir Wm. Morgan, Mr. Edwards, Mr. Cholmondeley, Sir Walter Bagot, Sir Robert Got* ton, Mr. Pottinger, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Ingram, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Scrope, Mr. Shafto, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Bristow, Lord Vere Beauclerk, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Stanhope, Lord Bateman, Mr. Hedworth, Sir John Dutton, Mr. Nightingale, Mr. Treby, Mr. Daniel Pulteney, Sir Jermyn Davers, Mr. Thomas Bladen, Mr. Gascoign, Lord Finch, Mr. Myddelton, Mr. Parsons, Mr. Hilton, Mr. Read, Lord Gage, Colonel Townshend, Lord Fitzwilliams, Mr. Bowles, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Gib Jon, Sir Jo. Monjon, Sir Marmaduke Wyvill, Mr. Bold, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Edward Finch, Mr. Brace, Mr. Brampflon, Mr. Orle~ bar, Mr. Noel, Mr. Lewis, Sir Rowland Alflon, Mr. Lee, Lord Harry Powlett, Mr. Shepheard, Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Digby, Mr. Brudenell, Mr. Laroch, Sir Wm. Morris, Sir Orlando Bridgman, Mr. Polhill, Mr. Harris, Mr. Cross, Mr. Hughes, Sir James Thornhill, Sir John Trelaivney, Mr. Duncombe, Mr. Rolle, Mr. Vyner, Mr* Edgcumbe, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Cary, Mr. Drake, Mr. Pearje, Sir Wm. Stanhope, Mr. Bond, Mr. Williams, Sir Tho. Wentworth, Colonel Pulteney, Mr. Aiflabie, Mr. Drummond, Mr. Gregory, Mr. Bradshaw, Sir Thomas Frankland, Lord Micklethwaite, Sir John Hind Cotton, Mr. Thompson, Sir Wm. Milner, Mr. Smelt, Mr. Tufnell, Lord Marquis of Carnarvon, Mr. Geers, Sir Robert Clifton, Sir Geo. Cafwall, Mr. Brereton, Sir Geo. Beamount, F Mr.

Members take Oaths.

Clandestine

Outlawrieii

Grand

Committees*

Committee of Privilegei*

King's

Speech

reported.

22 310 Januarii. 1727.

Mr. Pacey, Sir Henry Houghton, Mr. Eyre, Mr. Fane, Sir But you are sufficiently appristd, that preliminary Ar-

-R/VW £/Aj, Mr. Trolman, Mr. Serjeant Birch, Sir 77/0. tides for a general Pacification were some time ago signctl. Hales, Mr. Tower, Mr. Wrighte, Mr. Burrard, Mr. and accepted by the contracting Parties on both Sides; Weaver, Mr. Lezveu, Mr. Price, Mr. Waller, Mr. Ber- and, although the Ratifications of them had been ex-tie, Mr! Lloyd, Lord Janies Cavendish, Sir Richard Grof- changed by me, and my Allies, with his Imperial Ma-( venor, Mr. Monroe, Mr. Marten, Mr. Taylor, Mr. jesty, the good Effects, expected from them, were rc-Grosvenor, Mr. Ash, Sir Wm. Carezv, Sir Geo. Downing, tarded, by the Refusal, on the Part of Spain, to execute Mr. Evelyn, Mr. Foley, Mr. Morrice, Mr. Wilson, Mr. some of the most material Points contained in them, and Longueville, Mr. Razvlinfon Earl, Mr. Knight, Sir Wm. by endeavours to alter and explain some Articles in such Wyllys, Mr. Reynell, Sir Wm. Stapleton, Mr. Arfcott, a manner, as immediately affected the Possessions and the Mr. Holmes, Sir Edward Des Bouverie, Mr. Elton, Mr. just Rights, of my Kingdom": I therefore, jointly with Turner, Mr. Cornwallis, Sir Wm. Strickland, Lord Har- my Allies, declined exchanging the Ratifications of the vey. Sir Hen. Slingsby, Mr. Gay, Mr. EJJington, Mr. 77/- Preliminaries with the Court of Spain, and rejected all such son, Mr. Devei'eun, Mr. White, Mr. Forbes, Mr. Robin- Propositions, as were detrimental and injurious to my [on, Sir Wm. Barker, Sir John Norris, Sir Nicholas WiL Honour, and the Interest of my People.

Hams, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Dockminique, Mr. Cocks, By these means the Negotiations were unavoidably car- Mr. Cockburn, Mr. Medlycott, Sir James Long, Mr. ried into a tedious Length, which I endured with the Scawen, Mr. Douglas, Mr. Webb, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Bur- greater Patience, from an earned Desire to procure to my rell, Mr. Perry, Mr. Brodie, Mr. Compton, Mr. Smith, Subjedsafafeand honourable Peace, and to see the Tran- Mr. Stuart, Mr. Cunningham, Mr. Lomax, Sir Thomas quiliity of Europe preferred and settled uponafolid and Lyttelton, Mr. Holland, Colonel Middleton, Sir Nathanael lasting Foundation; during which time, I received from Gould\ Lord Tirconnell, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Hamilton, the most Christian King, and the States General, the Mr. Cajar, Mr. Annejley: And they are to meet greatest Proofs of their Sincerity, and a Renewal of the

upon this Day Sevennight, at Five of the Clock in the strongest Assurances imaginable, that they would effec-Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber; and to fit every tually make good all their Engagements in Support of Friday, Monday, and Wednesday, in the Afternoon 5 the common Cause, and of our mutual Interests; and I and'all, that come, are to have Voices: And they am very glad, that I can acquaint you, that our joint En-are to take into Consideration all such Matters, as shall deavours have had so good an Effect, that, by the last or may come in question, touching Returns, Elections, Advices from abroad, 1 have great Reason to hope, that and Privileges; and to proceed upon double Returns the Difficulties, which have hitherto retarded the execu-in the first place; and to report their Proceedings, with tion of the Preliminaries, and the opening of the Con-their Opinions thereupon, to the House, from time to gress, will soon be entirely removed, time: And all Persons, that will question any Returns, However, it will in the mean time be absolutely necef-are tp do it within Fourteen Days next, and so within fary to continue, as our Allies have already resolved to Fourteen Days next after any new Return shall bebrought do, the Preparations, which have hitherto been our Secu-in: And the Committee are to have Power to fend for rity, and prevented an open Rupture in Europe, that we Persons, Papers, and Records, for their Information: may not at once lose all the Advantages, which our former

And all Members, who are returned for two or more Expences and Vigour have so nearly procured, by not be-Places, are to make their Election by this Day three ing in a Condition, if that Necessity should unexpectedly Weeks, for which of the Places they will serve, provided be brought upon us, to vindicate our Honour, and afifert there be no Question upon the Return for that Place: our Rights; and you may depend upon it, that my first

And if any thing shall come in Question, touching the Care shall be to reduce from time to time the Expence Return, Election, or Matter of Privilege, of any Member, of the Publick, as often, and as (oon, as the Interest and he is to withdraw, during the time the Matter is in De- Safety of my People will permit it. bate: And that all Members, returned upon double The preliminary Articles, and such other Treaties and Returns, do withdraw, till their Returns are determined. Conventions, as have not yet been communicated to Parliament, and which may, without manifest Prejudice, be Mr. Speaker reported, that, when the House attended exposed to publick View, shall be laid before you. his Majesty on Saturday last, in the House of Peers, his Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

Majesty was pleased to make a most gracious Speech I have given Orders to the proper Officers, to prepare, from the Throne to both Houses of Parliament; of and lay before you, Estimates of the Expences for the which, Mr. Speaker said, to prevent Mistakes, he had Service of the current Year; and you may be assured, obtained a Copy: Which he read to the House, and is that the Supplies, which I find myself obliged to demand as followeth; viz. of you, shall, as certainly as they do exceed my Wither

and Inclinations, be employed solely for the Interest and My Lords, and Gentlemen, Security of the Nation; and I make no doubt, but that.

It is a great Satisfaction to me, that at the meeting the if any method can be found out for raising the necessary First Parliament, summoned and convened by my Au- Supplies, less grievous to my People, than another, that thorny, I am able to give you Hopes of seeing the pub- will have the preference in all your Deliberations, lick Peace and Tranquillity very soon restored. I very I think myself obliged to recommend to you a Confide-much wiftied, that the first Period of my Reign might ration of the greatest Importance, and I should look upon have been distinguished, by putting an immediate End to it as a great Happiness, ir, at the beginning of my Reign, I the Troubles and Disorders of Europe, by a Reduction of could fee the Foundation laid of so great and necessary a some Part of my Forces, a Diminution of Taxes, and all Work, as thelncreafeand Encouragement of our Seamen the happy Consequences of an honourable and established in general, that they may be invited, rather than com-Peace, to which my Endeavours have in no manner been pelled by force and violence, to enter into the Service of Wanting, as far as was confident with maintaining the Pof- their Country, as often as occasion shall require it: A sessions, Rights, and Privileges, of my Kingdom, and, I Consideration, worthy of the Represen tat ives of a People, promise myself, not without great probability of Success; great and flouriffiing in Trade and Navigation, i I am very sensible of the disagreeable and uneasy Situ- This leads me to mention to you the same of Greenwich aiion, in which our Affairs have been for some time, and Hospital, that Care may be taken, by some Addition to have been extremely concerned, to fee many of the Incon- that Fund, to render comfortable and effectual that cha-veniences of a War attending us, without any Opportu- ritable Provision for the Support and Maintenance of our nity of resenting the Injuries we <uftained, or gaining any Seamen, worn out and become decrepit by Age and In-of those Advantages in Return, which the vigorous Pro- firmities in the Service of their Country, securion of so just a Cause, and the Success of our Arms, My Lords, and fientlemen, might probably have secured to us. As I have great Hopes, that a general Pacification will

20 ' be

i Geo. II. 31 0 Januaria3

be now obtained, by a speedy Execution of the Preliminaries, I am satisfied, that nothing will more effectually con-tibute to, and secure, this deferable End, than such an Unanimity, Zeal, and Diipatch of the publick Business, in this Parliament, as may convince the World, that none among you are capable, out of any Views or Conficje-rations whatsoever, to wish the Distress of their Country, or to give an Occasion, from the Prolpeft of Difficulties, that may arile, and be fomented here at home to interrupt or disappoint, our present promising Expectations. This it is in your Power to defeat; and this I depend upon, from your known Zeal and Affection to my Person and Government, and your hearty Concern for the Interest and Welfare of my People.

Address Refohedy That an humble Address be presented to his

*S to return him the Thanks of this House, for his

* most gracious Speech from the Throne; to acknowledge, in the most dutiful manner, the tender and affectionate Concern, which his Majesty has been pleased to shew for the many Inconveniencies, that have arilen from the disagreeable and uncertain Situation of Affairs; to express the deepest Sense of Gratitude to his Majesty, for his constant Care, and unwearied Endeavours, [to put an end to the Troubles and Disorders of Europe, to free his People from the Burthen of Taxes, and to procure all the happy Consequences of an honourable and established Peace, and for his unalterable and particular Regard to the Interest of his People, in not admitting any Explanations, or Alterations, in the preliminary Articles, detrimental or injurious to his Majesty's Honour, or the Interest of the Nation, or that might affeCl the Possessions, Rights, or Privileges, of these Kingdoms; to congratulate his Majesty upon the near prospect of seeing the publick Peace and Tranquillity soon restored, and all the Difficulties removed which have hitherto retarded the Execution of the Preliminaries; and to assure his Majesty, that this House, placing an entire Confidence in his Majesty's paternal Goodness, and Concern for the Ease and Welfare of his People, and fully persuaded, that his Majesty will from time to time, as soon, and as often, as it can be done with Safety, reduce the Expence of the Publick, will continue to make such Preparations as may put his Majesty in a Condition, if that Necessity should unexpcdedly be brought upon him, to vin-v dicate his Honour, and assert his Rights, and not leave the Nation exposed to the Hazard of lofingall the Fruits and Advantages of our former Vigour and Resolution; that we will effectually raise the Supplies necessary for the Service of the current Year, and by such Methods, as shall be lead grievous to our Fellow-subjects; that we will pay all possible and due Regard to his Majesty's gracious Recommendation of the Increase and Encouragement of our Seamen, and take into our consideration the State of Greenwich Hospital; and that we will by a Zeal, Unanimity, and Dispatch in the publick Business, worthy of the mofl: dutiful, loyal, and affectionate Subjects of the best of Kings, defeat the vain Imaginations of all such, as may flatter themselves with Hopes of seeing our present promising Expectations interrupted, or disappointed, by any Distress, or Difficulties, that may arise, or be fomented, here at home.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed, to draw up an Address, to be presented to his Majesty, upon the said Resolution:

And it is referred to Lord Harvey, Mr. Hedges, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Lord Finch, Mr. Gybbon, Sir Wm. Tonge, Mr. Bladen, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Cary, Mr. Finch, Mr. Fox, Mr. Smith, Mr. Winnington, Sir Thomas Sander Jon, Lord Malpas, Sir Geo. Oxenden, Mr. Verney, General Rojs, Mr. Treasurer, Lord Fitzwilliam, Lord IVm. Powlett, Sir Charles Turner, Sir Robert Sutton, Sir Wm. Stanhope, Lord Marquis of Hartington, Brigadier Sutton, Mr. Gwyn, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Doddingion, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Manfell, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Robinson, Sir Robert Rich, Sir Nicholas Williams, Mr. Walpole, Sir Wm. Stapleton, Mr. Vane, Mr. Conduit, Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Bramston, Mr. Earl, Mr. Daniel Pulteney, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Cornwallis, Sir OrL Bridgman, Mr. Fierce, Mr.

: Vol. 21.

Cross, Mr. Bigg, Mr. Bond, Sir Robert Fumefe, Mr.

Hampden, Sir Gilbert Heathcole, Mr. Lewis\ Lord MiV-klethwaite, Dr. Sayer, Mr. Sehvyn, Mr. Thomfcn, Mr.

Scrope; or any Five of them: And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That his Majesty's Speech be referred to the said Committee.

Resolved, That no Peer of this Realm hath any Right Usual Ordert. to give his Vote in the Election of any Member, to serve in Parliament.

Resolved, That, where the House shall judge any Petition, touching Elections, to be frivolous and vexatious, the House will order Satisfaction to be made to the Person petitioned against.

Resolved, That, in case it shall appear, any Person hath procured himself to be elected, or returned, a Member of this House, or endeavoured so to be, by Bribery, or any other corrupt Practices, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Person.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear, that any Person hath been tampering with any Witness, in respect of his Evidence to be given to this House, or any Committee thereof, or directly, or indirectly, hath endeavoured to deter or hinder any Person from appearing, or giving Evidence, the same is declared to be a high Crime and Misdemeanor, and this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear, that any Person hath given false Evidence in any same before this House, or any Committee thereof, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That it is a high Infringement of the Liberties and Privileges of the Commons of Great Britain, for any Lord of Parliament, or any Lord-lieutenant of any County, to concern themselves in the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, do from time to time take into his Custody any Stranger or Strangers, that he shall see, or be informed of to be, in the House, or Gallery, while the House, or any Committee of the whole House, is fitting; and that no Person, so taken into Custody, be discharged out of Custody, without the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That the B^ck-door of the Speaker's Chamber be locked up every Morning, at the fitting of the House, and the Key delivered to the Clerk, to be locked up by him; and that he do not presume to deliver the same to any Person whatsoever, without Order of the House; and that the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, do take care to clear the Speaker's Chamber every Day, before the Door is locked up.

Ordered, That no Member of this House do presume to bring any Stranger or Strangers into the House, or Gallery thereof, while the House is fitting.

Ordered, That the Constables, and other Officers, of Middlesex and Westminster, do take care, that from Ten of the Clock in the Morning to Four in the Afternoon, during this Session of Parliament, the Passages through the Streets, between Temple-bar and Westminster-hall, shall be kept free and open; and that no Obstruction be made by Cars, Drays, Carts, or otherwise, to hinder the Passage of the Members to and from this House; and that the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, do give Notice of this Order to the Officers aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Constables in waiting do take care, there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in Westminster-hall, or the Passages leading to the House, during the Sitting of Parliament; and that there be no Annoyance by Chairmen, Footmen, or otherwise, therein, or thereabouts.

Ordered,

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the High Bailiff of Westminster\ and that he do Ice the same put in Execution.

Ordered, That no Footmen be permitted to be within the Lobby of the House, or upon the Stairs leading thereto.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House do take into his Custody such Footmen, as shall presume to disobey the Orders of the House; and that no such Footmen be discharged out of Custody, but by the special Order of the House.

printing the Ordered, That the Votes , of this House be printed,

Votts. being first perused by Mr. Speaker; and that he do appoint the printing thereof 5 and that no Person, but such as he shall appoint, do presume to print the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, i° dieFebruarii;

Anno i* Georgii II1" Regis, 1727.

31 Januarii. — i0 Februarii. 1727.

Prayers.

indirpofincjn lTRt Speaker acquainted the House, that Mr. Aijkew, °Assistant! the Clerk's Assistant, is so indisposed, that he can-

not at present attend the Service of the House; and that the Clerk bad proposed another Person, Mr. William Hester, who, he desires, may assist him, during Mr.. Aijkew's Indisposition.

Ordered, That Mr. William Hejier do assist the Clerk of this House, during the Indisposition of Mr. Aijkew.

Hindon A Petition of Henry Fox, Esquire, and George Fox,

Election. Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that at the last Election of Burgesses, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Hindon, in the County of Wilts, George Heat hcote, and Townsend Andrews, Esquires, together with the Petitioners, stood. Candidates; but James Field, Bailiff of the said Borough, behaved himself very partially in behalf of the said Mr. Heat hcote and Mr. Andrews, by polling for them many Persons who had no Right to vote, and refuting great Numbers of indisputable Votes, who offered to vote for the Petitioners; and Bribery, Threats, and many other illegal Practices, were used in behalf of Mr. Heathcote and Mr. Andrews, who are returned, as duly elected for the said Borough, though they were not, in Prejudice to the Petitioners, who had the Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned by the said Bailiff: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give such Relief therein, as shall be thought meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Minehead A Petition of Sir William Codrington, Baronet, and

Election. George Grove, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners, and Alexander Lutterell and Francis Whitworth, Esquires, stood Candidates, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Minehead, Com9 Somerset; and upon Monday, the 14th of August 1727, John Jones and Henry Blake, the two Constables, and returning Officers for the said Borough, received the Precept from the Sheriff of the said County, for the electing, and returning, Members for the said Borough: That about Six a Clock in the Evening of the same Day, the Constables duly made Proclamation in the Market-place, in Presence of the Candidates, that they would proceed to the Election on the next Saturday fol lowing; but, whilst they were making a Second Proclamation, the Precept and Proclamation were forcibly taken from the Constable Jones, and given to the other Constable

Blake, who, without the Content of the Petitioners, or the said Jones, adjourned to another Place, and declared the Election to be on Thursday then next, which was not Three days Notice, although by Act of Parliament Four Days Notice at the least is expressly directed to be given:

That Blake proceeded to the Election on the said Thursday, though the said Jones, and the Petitioner, Sir William, publickly forbid, and protested against, the feme, and no Voters then appeared for the Petitioners: That Jones proceeded to the Election on the said Saturday; when the Petitioners were duly elected; of whom the said Jones made a due Return to the Sheriff, which he refused to receive; but accepted the Return, made by Blake, affixed to the Precept so forciby gotten, as aforesaid, of Mr.

Lutterell and Mr. Whitworth, as duly elected, and hath returned them, in wrong to the Petitioners, who ought to have been returned; and many other undue and illegal Practices were used in behalf of Mr. Lutterell and Mr. Whitworth: And praying the Justice and Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of the honourable Charles Armand Powlet, Kcwtown Esquire, and Sir John Barrington, Baronet, was presented Elc^ion* to the House, and read; setting forth, that at the last Election of Members, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Newtown, in the Isle of Wight, James Worsley and Thomas Holmes, and the Petitioners, stood Candidates; and the Petitioners were duly elected by a great Majority of legal Voters; but the Mayor, by admitting Persons to vote for Mr. Worjley and Mr. Holmes, who had no Right, hath made them to have a Majority upon his own Poll, and hath returned them, as duly elected, in wrong to the Petitioners, and praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Sir John Lambert, Baronet, and Anthony Westbury Cornish, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; Election, setting forth, that at the last Election for Two Burgesses, to serve in this Parliament for the Borough of Westbury, in the County of Wilts, Francis Annesley and John Hoskins Gifford, Esquires, and the Petitioners, stood Candidates.; and the Petitioners had a great Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned; but Mr. Annesley and Mr. Hoskins by illegal Practices did prevail on several Persons to vote for them, and also upon James Clift, the Mayor; who hath returned them, as duly elected, in wrong to the Petitioners, and the Constitution of . Parliament: And praying Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Sir Charles Hotham, Baronet, was presented Beverley to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner, Elect.on. Charles Pelham, and Ellerker Bradshaw, Esquires, stood Candidates at the last Election of Burgesses, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Beverley, Com9 Fork: That Mr. Bradshaw and his Agents were guilty of most notorious and open Bribery, and other illegal Practices, both before, and at, the Election, in order to procure the said Mx.BradJhawto be elected and returned x and accordingly he is returned, in manifest Prejudice to the Petitioner: And praying the Consideration of the House, and Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition

i Geo. IL i* Februarii. 25

>jcw A Petition of Sir Robert Aujlin, and Sir Robert Fur-Romney ncfe, Baronets, was presented to the House, and read; Election, letting forth, that the Petitioners, and David Papillort and Ejjington, Esquires, stood Candidates at the

Jate Election of Bdrons, to serve in this present Parliament for the Port of New Romney, Com* Kent; and the Petitioners were duly elected by a Majority of legal Voters, notwithstanding the many illegal Practices, used to prevent the fame: That Mr. Effmgton has not a real Estate (as is by Law required) to qualify himself to be a Member of Parliament; and that John Coates, Mayor of the said Port (who presided, and took the Poll) acted in a very partial and illegal Manner, in favour of Mr- Papillon and Mr. Ejjington, by admitting Persons to poll for them, who had no Right, and rejecting several, that had a Right, to poll for the Petitioners; and he hath returned Mr. Papillon and Mr. Ejjington, as duly elected, in Prejudice to the Petitioners: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Tam worth A Petition of Thomas Abney, Esquire, was presented Ekaion. to the House, and read; setting forth, that on the 21st of August, 1727, came on the Election of Burgesses, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Tamworth, Corn9 Warwick, and Stafford; and William Earl of Inchiquin, the honourable Thomas Willoughby, Esquire, and the Petitioner, stood Candidates: That Beilby Laycock and Thomas Vaughan, the Bailiffs of the said Borough, behaved themselves very partially in favour of Mr. Willoughby, and many other illegal Practices were used, to procure him to be elected and returned; and he is returned accordingly, although the Petitioner was duly elected by a great Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned with the Earl of Inchiquin: And praying such Relief, as the House shall thinkjuft.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Montgomery A Petition of several Burgesses of the Shire Town of Town Montgomery, in the County of Montgomery, and also of

Eiedion. the several Burgesses of the Boroughs of Llanidloes, Pool, and Llanvyllingy in the said County, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and other Burgesses of the said Boroughs of Llanidloes, Pool, and Llanvyllingy was presented to the House, and read; setting forth., that on the 13th of September, 1727, came on the Eiedion of a Burgess, to serve in Parliament for the said Shire Town of Montgomery; when Robert Williams and William Corbett, Esquires, stood Candidates; and, though the Burgesses of Llanidloes, Pool, and Llanvyllingy have an undoubted Right to vote at the Election of a Burgess, to serve for Montgomery, yet John Greenly, Esquire, and Edward Butter ell, the Bailiffs of Montgomery, and to whom the Precept was directed for the last Election, did not give such due Notice, for the Election of a Burgess, to the said Three Towns of Llanidloes, Pool, and Llanvyllingy as they ought to have given, and heretofore has been given, but proceeded therein, and declared the Majority of Votes for Mr. Williams, and ligned the Poll-books; and several of the Petitioners declared to the Bailiffs, that they would join with them in the Return of Mr. Williams, and many of their Names were inserted therein by Mr. Greenly; yet they were unduly prevented from signing the lame, and find the said Return delivered into the Clerk of the Crown's Office, ligned only by Mr. Greenly, as also another Return of Mr. Corbett, ligned only by Mr. Botterell, and some of the Burgesses of Montgomery: And praying the Consideration of the House, and such Relief, as shall be thought meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; Vat. 21.

and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Robert Williams, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that at the Election of a Burgess, to serve in this Parliament for the Shire Town of Montgomery, the Petitioner, and William Corbett, Esquire, were Candidates; and the Petitioner had the undoubted Majority of legal Votes, and is accordingly returned by Mr. Greenly, one of the Bailiffs of the said Town; but Mr. Edward Botterell, the other Bailiff, hath presumed, in a most arbitrary and unjustifiable Manner, to return Mr. Corbett, in wrong to the Petitioner; and Mr. Botterell and Mr. Corbett were guilty of many corrupt and illegal Practices, at the said Election:

And praying the Consideration of the House, and Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of William Corbett, Esquire, was presented to the House, and r£ad; letting forth, that the Petitioner, and Robert Williams, Esquire, flood Candidates at the last Election of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Montgomery; and the Petitioner, having a Majority of legal Votes, was returned by Edward Botterell, Esquire, one of the Bailiffs of the said Borough; and John Greenly, Esquire, the other Bailiff, hath made a Return of the said Mr. Williams, in Wrong to the Petitioner, and the Rights of the said legal Burgesses: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the'House.

A Petition of William Sloper, Esquire, was presented Great to the House, and read; setting forth, that at the last Bedwin Election of Burgesses, to serve in this Parliament for Elcaion* the Borough of Great Bedwin, Com* Wilts, the Lord Lewisham, Sir Wm. Willys, Abel Ketetbey, Esquire, and the Petitioner, flood Candidates: That many Persons Were admitted to poll for the Lord Lewisham, who had no Right, and many, who had a Right, and offered to poll for the Petitioner, were refused by the Portrevc, in a most arbitrary and illegal Manner; and many other illegal PraClices were used, in order to procure the said Lord Lewisham to be elected, and returned; and he is accordingly returned with Sir Wm. Willys, in Wrong to the Petitioner, who was duly elected, and ought to have been returned with Sir William: And praying such Relief in the Premises, as shall be thought just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of the honourable Sir Conyers Uarcy, knight Richmond of the mosthonourable Order of the Bath, and John Yorke, EIc^10a* Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that at the Election of Burgesses, to serve in this Parliament for the Borough of Richmond, Com' York, Sir Marmaduke Wyvell, Baronet, Charles Bathurst, Esquire,

High Sheriff of the said County, and the Petitioners, flood Candidates: That the undoubted Right of Eiedion is in such Persons, who are Owners of ancient Burgages in the said Borough, having Right of Pasture in a common Field, called Whytcliff Pasture; of which Burgesses the Petitioners had a considerable Majority, and were duly elected, and ought to have been returned; but Mr. Da-ville. Mayor of the said Town (who is a practising Attorney) did admit divers Persons to poll for Sir Marmaduke Wyvell and Mr. Bathurst, as Owners of Burgages, who had not any Title, and rejected the Votes of several other Persons, who offered to poll for the Petitioners, and had an undoubted Right so to do; and he beingfenfible,

G that

2 6

Februarii.

A. 1727.

that a Majority could not be obtained by this Way of Proceeding, having fixed a Resolution to go through-stitch, as he said in open Court, did, in an arbitrary and illegal Manner, without any Precedent, advise, and accept of, the Votes of Freemen of Trades within the said Borough, in favour of Sir Marmaduke Wyvdl and Mh Bathurst, in Subversion of the ancient Manner of elediing Burgesses for the said Borough; and the said Mayor, Sir Marmaduke Wyvell, Mr. Bathurfts and their Agents, were guilty of several other undue and illegal Practices at the Slid Election; and the Mayor hath unduly returned Sir Marmaduke and Mr. Bathurst, in Prejudice to the Petitioners: And praying the House to take their same into Consideration, and give them such Relief, as shall be thought meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Electionsj and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do hear the Matter of the said Petition upon Tuesday, the Fifth Day of March next.

A Petit ion of Anthony Close, George Allen, Henry Lan-(Jiefter, Ralph Brockell, John Rob inf on, William Kay, 'Thomas Metcalfe, George Cowling, Thomas Broke, John Brockell, John Elfeworthy John Brown, Robert JVilfon, Francis Bell, Henry IViIf on, William Chappell, Jonathan HeJIopp, Joseph Hejlopp, Edward Harland, Christopher Farmery Christopher Dufton, John King, Thomas Bateman, Samuel Atkittfon, IVm. Grindall, John Gale, William Outhivaite, Thomas Johnson % Thomas Aw ton, and Ralph Langstaffe, on behalf of themselves, and divers other Persons, Owners of ancient Burgages within the Borough of Richmond, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that at the Election of Burgesses, to serve in this Parliament for the said Borough, Sir Conyers Darcey, John Torke, Esquire, Sir Marmaduke Wyvell, and Charles Bathurst, Esquire, stood Candidates: That the undoubted Right of Election for - the said Borough is in such Persons only, as are Owners of

ancient Burgages, which have Right of Pasture in Whit-cliffe common Field; but Mr. William Davile, Mayor of the said Borough, did illegally, and contrary to the Usage of the said Borough, introduce an unheard-of Method of voting for Members to Parliament, by admitting Persons to poll, as Freemen, who were not Owners ot ancient Burgages within the said Borough, to the utter Subver-fion of the ancient Rights and Privileges of the Petitioners: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do hear the Matter of the said Petition at the same time they hear the Matter of the Petition of the honourable Sir Conyers D'arcy, Knight of the most honourable Order of the Bath, and John Torke, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough of Richmond.

Wells ' A Petition of William Piers, Esquire, was presented to £lcAio». the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner, and Edward Prideaux Gwyn and Thomas Edwards, Esquires, stood Candidates at the last Election of Members, to serve in this Parliament for the City of Wells; and the Petitioner was duly elected by a Majority of legal Votes; but Richard Cupper, Esquire, the Mayor, iefufed several good Voters, who offered to poll for the Petitioner, and admitted several to vote for Mr. Gwyn and Mr. Edwards, who were not qualified; and by Bribery* and other illegal Practices, they have procured themselves to be returned, as duly elected, in Prejudice to the Petitioner: And praying such Relief in the Premises, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections* 22

and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Brecon

Election.

A Petition of John Jeffreys, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that at the late Election of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Brecon, Com' Brecon, the Petitioner, and Thomas Morgan, Esquire, stood Candidates; and the Petitioner was duly chosen by a great Majority of legal Voters; yet Edward Williams, Esquire, the acting Bailiff, and returning Officer, refused many to vote for the Petitioner, who had a Right, and admitted several, that had no Right, to vote for Mr. Morgan-, and hath unduly returned him, in wrong to the Petitioner: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of James Pix, Bailiff of the City of Peter- Peterborough borough, was presented to the House, and read; setting £ic^ljn* forth, that, by the ancient Usage of the said City, the Petitioner, as Bailiff thereof, is the proper Officer to make the Return of Members, to serve in Parliament: That, at the last Election, the High Sheriff caused the Precept to be delivered to Robert Smithy who pretended to have the Return of Writs within the said City, though timely Application was made to the High Sheriff in behalf of the proper Officer: That the honourable Earl Filzwilliamy and Sidney Worthy, Esquire, were chosen Ke-presentatives for the said City at the last Election, and a Return was made accordingly by the Petitioner, and tendered to the High Sheriff; who refused to accept it, but accepted a Return from the said Robert Smith, in Prejudice of the ancient Constitution of the said City:

And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises, and Relief therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of the Dean and Prebendaries of the Cathe- Ditto,

dral Church of the City of Peterborough, in the County of Northampton, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners, by Grant from Henry the F ighth, are Lords of the said City, in Right of the said Church, and have, by their Appointment, a Bailiff, to whom the Sheriff of Northampton uled to direct his Precept, for the cledting Members to serve in Parliament; which Bailiff, together with the Members of the said Church, and principal Citizens, did make such Elections and Returns: That, notwithstanding such Usage, at the last Election Charles Parker, the then lrligh Sheriff, dirt died his Precept to Robert Smith, Bailiff of the Hundred of Naffaburgh (adjoining to the said City) and not to James Pix, Bailiff of the City, who is the proper Officer, and demanded the fame: That Robert Smith proceeded to the Election, and made a Return of the honourable Earl Fitz william, and Sir Edward Obrian, though the Earl Fitzwilliam and Sidney Wortley, Esquire, were duly elected: That James Pix did also make a Return of the said Sidney Wortley, and the Earl Fitzwilliam; but the Sheriff refused to affix the same to the Precept, but annexed the other, in Violation of the Rights of the Petitioners: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they doexamine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Wm. Northey, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner, together with the honourable John St. John, and John Cross, Esquires, stood Candidates at the last Election for the Borough of Wotton Baffety Com9 Wilts; and the Petitioner

Woron

B.iftet

Election.

GOO^l

i Geo. IL i° Februarii;27

tioner was then duly chosen by a Majority ofiegal Votes 5 but, by the Partiality of John Hollifier, the Mayor, who admitted divers to vote, who had no Right, and refusing others, that had a Right, and closing the Poll, and by Bribery, and other indirect Practices of Mr. Cross, he was declared duly elected, whereby the Petitioner is deprived of his Seat in Parliament: And praying such Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Bridport A Petition of Alexander Pit field, and Solomon Ashley,

EUdion. Esquires, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners, as also William Bowles, and James Pelham, were Candidates at the last Election of Members, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Bridport, Com' Dvrfet-, and the Petitioners had an undoubted Majority of legal Votes; but Andrew Warren and Samuel Davie, the Bailiffs of the said Borough, rejected several legal Votes for the Petitioners, and admitted several to vote against them, that had no Right; and have illegally returned the said Mr. Bowles ?u\A Mr. Pelham, instead of the Petitioners: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered/Yhzt the said Petition be referred, to the Confederation of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ditto, A Petition of Robert Szva/ey, Joseph Curtis, John Way, Henry Mvfs, Richard Hall, Lionel Parsons, Samuel Ketes, Wm. Bishop, Thomas Hardy, Benjamin Hallett, John Hilly Henry Jacoby Anthony Morrisy William Gully, and William Kenway, on behalf of themselves, and of many others, who have a Right of voting for electing Members, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Bridport, in the County of Dorset, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the^ncient and undoubted Right of voting for Members, to serve in Parliament for the said Borough is in the Bailiffs, Burgesses, and Commonalty, who are Housholders, commonly called Potwallers; and the Petitioners were duly qualified, as such, to vote at the last Election, and their Names, with many others, were entered on the Poll, then taken by Andrew Warren and Samuel Davie, the then Bailiffs of the said Borough, without any Objection; nor did any Person offer to vote under any other Right: That Alexander Pitfeild, Solomon Ashley, Wm. Bowles, and James Pelham, Esquires, were Candidates at the last Election; and Mr. Pitfeild and Mr. Ashley had a Majority of such legal Votes, as aforesaid: That, on closing the Poli, the said Bailiffs adjourned, without the Content of Mr. Pitfeild and Mr. Ashley, from One to Five a Clock, declaring, they would then return to the Place of Election, and proceed to a Scrutiny; and accordingly the Bailiffs, with Mr. Bowles and Mr. Pclhatny returned; but, without calling, or adjourning, the Assembly, withdrew themselves into another Room, and made fast the Door; and having tarried there some time, the said Bailiffs returned, and declared Mr. Bowles and Mr. Pelham to be duly elected: That the Petitioners have since obtained a Copy of the said Poll, and find, that they, with about One hundred more qualified Persons are rejected, under a Pretence, that the Right of Election is only in the Inhabitants, paying Scotland Lot, contrary to the Right of Election settled by the House, and tending to destroy the fundamental Privileges of the said Borough: And praying such Relief in the Premises, as shall be thought meet.

Ordercdy That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Flint A Petition of George, Esquire, was presented to

Election, the House, and read; setting forth, that at the last Election of a Burgess, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Flinty the Petitioner was duly elected by a great Ma-

Vci.. 21.

jority of good Voters, and a Return was accordingly made by David Jones, one of the Bailiffs of the said Borough; but John Jones, the other Bailiff, hath; by some Endue Means, been prevailed upon to make a Return of Mr.

Lloyd, the other Candidate, in Prejudice oft lie Petitioner:

And praying such Relief, as the House shall think meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Salusbury Lloyd, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read, setting forth, that at the last Election of a Burgess, to serve in this Parliament for the Borough of Flint, the Petitioner, and George Wynn,

Esquire, flood Candidates; and several illegal and indirect Practices were used by Mr. Wynn, and his Agents, before and at the Election, to procure Votes for him, and hinder others from voting for the Petitioner, and by admitting great Numbers to poll for Mr. Wynny who had no Right; nevertheless, the Petitioner had a great Majority of legal Votes, and was returned by John Jones, the head Bailiff of the said Borough, to whom the Sheriff's Precept was delivered; yet the other Bailiff, David Jones, has made a Return of Mr. Wynn, and annexed the same to the Precept, in Wrong to the Petitioner, and the Rights and Privileges of the said Bbrough: And praying the Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House;

A Petition of William Carr, Esquire, was pretented to Newciftle the House, and read; setting forth, that Sir Wm. Black- n*

etty Baronet, Nicholas Fenwick, Esquire, and the Petitioner, flood Candidates at the late Election of Members, to serve in this Parliament for the Town and County of NewcastleuponTyne; and the Petitioner had an undoubted Majority ofiegal Votes, and ought to have been returned; but that Joseph Liddell, Esquire, who acted as Sheriff, and returning Officer, together with Sir William, and Mr. Fenwick, were guilty of Bribery, and other undue PraClices, and by Menaces and Tumults assaulted and deterred great Numbers of the Petitioner's Voters from giving him their Votes; and the said Mayor admitted several Persons to vote for Sir William, and Mr. Fenwick, who were not qualified to vote, and refuted to administer the Oaths, appointed by Law to be taken by the Voters, when required by the Petitioner; and did also adjourn the Poll, contrary to the express Desire and Protestation of the Petitioner, till next Morning; whereby he was deprived of many Votes, who offered to poll for the Petitioner;.and the said Mayor hath returned Sir Wm.

Blacket, and Mr Fenwick, as duly eleCled: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Francis Johnson, Matthew White, Robert Ditto. Shaft oe, Henry Hudson, Joseph Ledgard, Meeburne Smith,

John Cay, Robert Cay, Edward Heflop Cotesworth,

Esquires, John Jordifon, John Maddifon, George Birtley,

Henry Partis, Samuel Tulip, Thomas Potts, William Rutter, William Codling, Robert Greeve, Robert Wilson, Robert Hogy Peter Elliot, George Patt if on, Thomas Wrang-ham, John Colvill, James Landveter, William RobJony.

George Kell, Joseph Addison, Cuthbert Pattison, Thomas Milburney John Mat! if on, Henry Jenifony Anthony Tullie,

Jacob Johnson, William Snowden, John Oiway, John Airey, William Faile, Peter Thotttpfon, John Gill, Joseph Partis, James llderton, William Wrangham, John Davison, Peter Potts, junior, John Potts, Robert Potts, Nicholas Lamb, Joseph Partis, Jeremiah Hunter, Paul Cooke,

Charles Jackson, Robot Tindall, Wm. Little, Thomas Gibson, Henry Reay, Robert Kirkley, John Potts, Arthur EdmeJlon9 John Stanley, Thomas Watson, Cuthbert Preston,

Matthew

2 8

l° Februarii. A. 1727.

Arundel

Election.

Honiton

Election.

Milborne

Port

Elation.

Matthew Graham, Thomas Chri/lon, Robert Knox, Thomas Partis, Robert Hunter y Launce/ot Appel by y Hugh Whitelly Stephen Coulfony fViiliam Atkinson, Havelock, //-

Ham Cuthbertfotty Thomas Fallowfeildy Thomas Gi/ly Thomas Pighen, Christopher Formery Matthew Gi/esy John fVilkinfony John Lawfony Jacob Turnery John Bunelly Robert Hogy William St ay ward, John Thowburny Mark Stephensony Thomas Pickeringy Cuthbert Birkley, William Johnson, Robert Hullpcky Edward Stanley, Bartholomew Pratty Richard Carr, Robert Simjon, George Crowe, Richard WilJony John Rickerby, Charles DalJlony junior, in behalf of themselves. and several more Freemen of the Town and County of Newcastle upon Tyney was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that at the late Election of Members to serve in this present Parliament for the said Town and County, Sir Win. Blackett Baronet, William Carr, and Nicholas Fenwicky Esquires, flood Candidates, and Joseph Liddelly Esquire, acted as Sheriff, and returning Officer: That the Petitioners have a Right to vote at the said Election, and divers of them attended there, ready to give their Vote for Mr. Carr \ but the said Sheriff refused to take them, and, contrary to the express Desire of Mr. Carry adjourned the Poll till the next Day; whereby Mr. Carr was deprived of many of his Voters, they being sea-faring Men, in manifest Prejudice of the Petitioners: And praying such Relief in the Premises, as the House thall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of John Lumley, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that at the late Election of Members, to servein this Parliament for the Borough of Arundel\ Com' Sussex, the Lord Viscount Gage, Sir John Shelley, and the Petitioner, flood Candidates; and it was well known in the said Borough, that a great Number of the Voters had received Bribes, to vote for the Lord Gage, although the Petitioner was duly elected, and ought to have been returned; yet the Mayorof the said Borough hath returned the Lord Gage with Sir John Shelley, in Wrong to the Petitioner: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and relieve him therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Sir Wm. Pole, Baronet, was presented to the House, and read > setting forth, that at the last Election of Members, to serve in this Parliament for the Borough of Honitony Com' Devon, SxxWm. Tongey Knight, James Shepheard, Serjeant at Law, and the Petitioner, were Candidates: That Mr. Serjeant Shepheard\ and his Agents, by Bribery, and other indirect Practices, procured several Votes, and prevailed on the Portreve to allow him several Votes, who had no Right, and to disallow several Voters for the Petitioner, who had a Right to vote, and yet the Petitioner had a Majority oflegal Votes, and ought to have been returned; but the Portreve hath returned Serjeant Shepheardy in Prejudice to the Petitioner: And praying the Justice of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections $ and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Thomas Barrett, late Deputy Bailiff of the Borough of Milborne Porty in the County of Somer-fety was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that there are Nine capital Bailiwicks within the said Borough, and by ancient and immemorial Usage Two of the capital Bailiffs of the Bailiwicks presideeach year, accord-20

ing to a known Rotation, each of which capital Burgesses do at a Court Leet, held at Michaelmas, yearly, nominate a Deputy, to act for him, during his Year; which Deputy Bailiffs, or one of them, in cale there be but one, are the returning Officers of Burgesses to serve in Parliament: That the Petitioner was at the Court Leet, held at Michaelmas, 1726, nominated by one of the capital Burgesses, whose Turn it was, to be his Deputy, and he was (worn into the said Office; and no other Bailiff was nominated for the said Year, besides the Petitioner: That an Election of Burgesses, to serve in this Parliament for the said Borough, was had after Michaelmas, 1726, and before Michaelmasy 1727, during which time no other Person had any Authority to act, beside the Petitioner; yet one John Barret, alias Berwick, took upon him to act as one of the Deputy Bailiffs for that Year, although he was not nominated by any of the capital Burgesses, and took the Votes but of a few Persons, no regular Poll; nor did he remain at the Place of polling, but went away, before such Persons, who had a Right to vote, and were there, had polled; yet he hath made a Return to Edward Dyke, junior, Esquire, then High Sheriff of the said County, of Thomas Medlycotty and Michael Harvey, Esquires, as duly chosen; and the High Sheriffhath returned them, though he well knew that the Petitioner was the only returning Officer: That the Petitioner legally presided at the said Election, staid there till it was over, and took down the Names of all the Voters, and did in due time tender unto the said High Sheriff a proper Return of the said Thomas Medlycott and fVm. Locky Esquires, who were duly eiefted by a Majority of legal Votes; but the Sheriff refused to receive it, in Prejudice of the Petitioner's Right: And praying the House to take his same into CJonsideration, and to do therein what shall seem just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to die Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion rhereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That it bean Instruction to the said Committee, That they do proceed upon the Matter of the Return, complained of in the said Petition, before they proceed upon the Merits of the said Election.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear the Matter of the said Return upon Thursday, the Seventh Day of March next.

A Petition of Wm. Locky Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner, with Thomas Medlycotty and Michael Harvey, Esquires, flood Candidates for the Borough of Milborne Port $ and the said Mr. Medlycotty and the Petitioner, were duly chosen Members for this Parliament by a Majority of legal Voters, and were returned by one Indenture, executed by Thomas Barrett, Deputy Bailiff of the said Borough, who had the foie Right of preiiding at the said Election, and returning the Persons eiefted, unto Edward Dyke, junior, Esquire, then High Sheriff of the said County 5 but he refused to receive the lame, and hath accepted, and returned, an Indenture, executed by one John Barretty alias Berwick, whereby the said Mr. Medlycot and Mr. Harvey are returned; which Return is illegal, for that John Barrett had no Right to preside, or take Votes, at the said Election; and Mr. Harvey, and his Agents, by very illegal Practices procured many Votes for him: which otherwise would have voted for the Petitioner: And praying the House to give such Relief in the Premises, as shall be thought meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections j and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do proceed upon the Matter of the Return, complained of in the said Petition, before they proceed upon the Merits of the said Election.

Ordered, That it bean Instruction to the said Committee, That they do proceed upon the Matter of the said Return at the same time, the Matter of the Return

complained

i Geo. II. i0 Februarii. ig

complained of in the Petition of Thomas Barrett, late tioner, flood Candidates; and the Petitioner was duly;

Deputy Bailiff of the said Borough of Milborn Port, is ' elected, and ought to have been returned; but Mr. Jtihn ' appointed to be heard. Rowlands, Mayor, and Maurice Evans and John Green,

the Bailiffs, of the said Borough, who were also guilty ‘

Liverpool A Petition of Wm. Cotesworth, Esquire, was presented of several other illegal Pra&iccs, have returned the said Election, to the House, and read; setting forth, that at all Elec- Watkins Wynn, as duly elected: And praying Relief in* tions of Burgesses, to serve in Parliament for the Borough the Premises.-

of Liverpool, Com9 Lancaster, the Mayor for the Time: Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-

being is the presiding and returning Officer, and cannot, sideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; as advised, be returned, to serve as a Burgess for the said; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report'

Borough: That on the 18th of October, 1726, Thomas the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Bootle, Esquire, was chosen Mayor of the said Borough; i: . '

for the Year ensuing, took the usual Oath of Mayor, That A Petition of John Ferney, Esquire, was presented to jsfew Radnor he would duly execute the Office of Mayor until the next the House, and read; setting forth, that at the last Elec- Election, electing Day, viz. the 18th Day of October following, and tion of a Burgess, to serve in this Parliament for the Bo-acted as Mayor till after the Dissolution of the laftParlia- rough of New Radnor, Com9 Radnor, the Petitioner, and ment, and then declared, that he would (land a Candidate Thomas Lewis, Esquire, flood Candidates; and the Peti-at the next Election of Burgesses, to serve in Parliament tioner had a great Majority of legal Votes; arid ought to for the said Borough, and, knowing himself disabled, a9 have been returned; but the said Thomas Leivis prevailed being Mayor, did on the First Day of August last, by very on his Brother-in-law, Herbert Lewis, Esquire, who was undue Means, prevail on a small Number of the Corpo-> then Bailiff, and returning Officer, to make a great Num-ration to take a pretended Surrender of his said Office of- ber of new Burgesses, some short time before the Elec-Mayor: That at the last Election, which was on the 22d tion, that had no Right, and, without any Authority for Day of August, 1727, the said Mr. Bootle, Thomas Brpre- so doing, engaging them to vote for his laid Brother at ton, and the Petitioner, flood Candidates; but, Mr. Bootle the same time, and refuting to enter such as would not being disabled, as aforesaid, the Petitioner ought to have engage to vote for his Brother; by which, and many other been returned with Mr. Brereton: And praying such undue Practices, the said Mr. Y/fowrfjLravj procured a co-Relief in the Premises, as the House shall think fit* lourable Majority: That Mr. Thomas Lezvis at the time Ordered^ That the said Petition be referred to the Con-, of Election enjoyed an Office in the Customs, or *twas sideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; held in Trust for him, for his Benefit, and therefore was and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report incapable to fit in Parliament; yet his Brother hath re-the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House. turned him, as duly elected: And praying the House to

take the Premises into Consideration, and give such Buckingham A Petition of Wm. Gore,. Esquire, was presented tq the Relief, as shall be thought meet.

Election. House, and read; setting forth, that at the late Election of; Ordered, That the said Petition be' referred to the Con-Knights of the Shire, to serve in Parliament for the County sideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; of Bucks, Sir Wm. Stanhope, Knight of the Bath, Richard and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report Hampden, Esquire, and the Petitioner, flood Candidates; the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House. and Sir Wm. and Mr. Hampden are returned; but Mr. A Petition of the Burgesses of the Boroughs of Rad- Ditto.

Hampden was not qualified by Law to (land as a Candidate nor, Rhayder, Knighton, Knucless, and Kevencleece, was prefer the said County, not having a sufficient Estate for that fented to the House, and read; setting forth, that, by the Purpose, at the time of his Election: And praying the last Resolution in Parliament, the Right of Election of Bur- N Consideration of the House in the Premises. gefies, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Radnor,

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-, is in the Burgesses of Radnor, Rhayder, Knighton, Knuc-sideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; leys, and Kevencleece: That at the last Election of Mem-and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report bers to Parliament, for the Borough of Radnor, John Ferney, the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House. zndThomas Lewis, Esquires, flood Candidates; and Herbert.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- Lewis, Esquire, Brother-in-law to the said Thomas Lewis, mittee, that they do hear the Matter of the said Petition was Bailiff, and the returning Officer; who several times upon Monday, the 26th Day of February instant. before the Election declared, that he would return his said

Brother, right or wrong; and, in order thereto, he did, Christchurch A. Petition of Jacob Bancks, and Edward Hooper, ju- a short time before the Election, make above 200 new ^ccrionm ni0T' Eftluires> was printed to the House, and read; Burgesses in an illegal Manner, contrary to the Directions c ion* setting forth, that at the last Election of Members, to of the Charter, and without summoning the capital Bur-serve in Parliament for the Borough of Christ-church gefies, without whom the Bailiff caff do no corporate Act: Twyneham, Com9 Somerset, the Petitioners, with Joseph That such new Burgesses were engaged to vote for the Hinxman and Charles Withers, Esquires, flood Candi- said Thomas Lewis, and such as would not promise, were dates; and the Petitioners had a majority of legal Votes; for that reason not admitted to be sworn, but were me-but Mr. Hinxman and Mr. Withers, by corrupt and illegal naced in a very opprobrious Manner *, and finding, that Practices, prevailed with Matthew Imber, who presided at such new-made Burgesses were not sufficient to gain a the said Election, to make an unjust Return of themselves. Majority, several more, made but Three Days before the to the Prejudice of the Petitioners: And praying the House Election; and the Bailiff admitted all the new Burgesses to take the Merits of this Election and Return into Con- to poll for his Brother, though they were objected to, sideration, and give such Relief, as shall be just. as being destructive to the Privileges of the legal Bur-

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con- gefies: That by Custom immemorial no Person can be sideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; made a Burgess of Rhayder, though presented by a and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report Jury, if objected toby any Two Burgesses; yet the Bailiff the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House. admitted above a Hundred to poll for his Brother, upon

Pretence of their being presented by the Leet about Seven Beaumaris _ A Petition of William Bodvill Esquire, was presented Years ago, though at that time they were all objected by Election, to the House, and read; setting forth-, that the Right of several Burgesses, and have never since been permitted to electing a Burgess, to serve in Parliament for the said Bo- enjoy any Privileges, as Burgesses: He also permitted rough, is in the Burgesses of Beaumaris, and the Burgesses to poll for his Brother several, who received Alms; of Newburgh: That at the last Election of a Burgess, to and by Menaces intimidated divers from voting for serve for the said Borough of Beaumaris, Henry Bertie, Mr. Ferney, who declared, they otherwise would have Esquire, Watkins Williams Wynn, Esquire, and the Peti- done; and, though the said Thomas Lewis had not, at Vol. 21. H the

30

i° Februarii. A. 1727.

the time of Election, a sufficient Estate, to qualify him to be elected, and both he, and his Brother, had Offices in the Custom-house, and the said Bailiff ought not therefore to intermeddle in the said Election, all which was objected by the Burgesses j yet the said Bailiff hath returned his Brother, although Mr. Verney had the Majority of legal Votes: And praying such Relief, as the House shall think meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and EIe<9ions; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

AdJrcfion The Lord Hervey reported from the Committee, ap-King'* pointed yesterday to draw up an Address, to be presented Speech. tQ jjs Majesty; that the Committee had drawn up an Address accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as follows; viz.

Most gracious Sovereign,

We, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, beg Leave to return our humbled Thanks for your Majesty's most gracious Speech from the Throne j and to acknowledge, in the most dutiful and grateful manner, the tender and affectionate Concern, your Majesty has been pleased to exprefe for the many Inconveniences, that have arisen from the late disagreeable and unsettled State of the Affairs of Europe.

We are sensible of the unwearied and uninterrupted Care, with which your Majesty, ever since we have enjoyed the Blessings of your Reign, has laboured to put an End to the Disputes, and restore the Tranquillity, of Europe; the Desire you have had to free your People from all the Burthens, occasioned by impending War, and to procure to them all the happy Consequences of a safe, honourable, and established Peace; and we think it as impossible, that any Difficulties should arise, to prevent us feeling the good Effects, to be expected from your Prudence, as it is for any Event to make us forget the marks we have already received of your Affection.

The Firmness your Majesty has shewn, in absolutely refusing to admit of any Explanations of the Preliminaries, derogatory to the Honour, or prejudicial to the Interest, of this Nation, we feel more sensibly, as, wc think, 'tis equally for your Majesty's Glory, and our Happiness, to have it appear to the whole World, that the Care of your People is a Consideration so much superior to every other, in fixing your Majesty's Resolutions, that not even one so important, as the Peace of all Europe, could induce you to submit to the Demands of others, or recede from your own, in any Point, where our Possessions were invaded, our Interest struck at, or our Privileges disputed.

And, since this stand, which your Majesty, in justice to yourself, and regard to your People, thought fit to make, has not broke off the Accommodation, but only retarded it, for our Advantage, we beg leave to congratulate your Majesty upon the near Profpcd of that Succefe in your Negotiations, which cannot more effectually fulfil our Withes, as the earnest of our Prosperity, than it answers our Expedations in demonstrating your Wisdom.

But, in case your Majesty's Expedations of seeing the publick Peace and Tranquillity soon restored, should still be disappointed, that your People may no longer continue in that Uncertainty, in which the Policy of others may endeavour to keep us, and that we may be in a Condition to do ourselves Justice, should that Necessity unex-pededly be brought upon us, we are determined, out of Regard to our own Interest, as well as that we shall ever pay to your Majesty's Honour, most effectually to enable you to do yourself Right, and to assert, and to maintain, all the Possessions, Advantages, and Privileges, of your People.

Whatever Supplies therefore may be wanted, for the

24

Service of the current Year, your Commons will with the ufcmost Chearfulness and Unanimity grant, being assurect no Aid will ever be demanded by your Majesty of your Subjects, but what you shall judge absolutely necessary for their ownlntercftandSecurity; and, as we are determined, in whatever Supplies we raise, to have regard to such Methods^ shall be lead grievous to your People, so we have the greateftSatisfaction in thinking, we may entirely depend on your Majesty's Justice and Wisdom, that whatever we do grant, will be constantly applied in the Manner, that will be most beneficial to them; neither had we the least Doubt, before we received your Majesty's most gracious Promise, but that your Majesty, from your paternal Goodness to your People, would from time to time take every Opportunity to make all such Reductions of the publick Expences, as should be for our present Ease, without endangering our future Safety.

The Assurances, your Majesty has given us, of the Sincerity and Steadiness, with which, you are satisfied, all our Allies are determined, in all Events, to adhere to their Engagements, and espouse the common Cause, gave us the greatest Satisfaction; and, let the future Dangers, and Difficulties, that may yet arise, impossible to be tore-seen, be ever so formidable, or ever so numerous, we do not imagine, there can be any, which your Majesty's Prudence, Caution, Abilities, and Experience, joined to the Assistance of your Parliament, the Firmness of your Allies, and the Bravery of your People, will not easily dispel.

It is the indispensable Duty of those, who have a just Sense of the great Importance of the Trade and Navigation of this Kingdom, to provide proper Encouragements for our Seamen; and common Justice requires, that we should take a compassionate Care of those, who by Misfortunes, in their brave and faithful Services to their Country, are become equally incapable of continuing those Services, or providing for themselves: We beg leave therefore to assure your Majesty, that we will take this matter into our Consideration, and on this, as well as every other Occasion, pay the Deference and Regard, due to your Majesty's most gracious Recommendation.

If there are any so ill informed of the stealefy Affections of your Commons, as vainly to place their Hopes on any Disputes or Differences, that might arise amongst us, we are determined, by a hearty, zealous, and general Concurrence in all our deliberations for your Majesty's Interest, and the publick Welfare, effectually to disappoint such ill-grounded Expedations; and we are satisfied, we cannot give better Evidence of our Love to our Country than by constant Demonstrations of our Duty to the best of Kings; and, asyour Majesty's endeavours have been, and, wc are persuaded, ever will be, to preserve us a free, and establish us a happy, People 5 so we should think ourselves undeserving all the Benefits and Blessings of your Reign, were it possible we could ever be wanting in the least Point, on our Part, to make it as great, happy, and glorious, as that of any of your royal Predecessors.

The said Address being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Address, to be presented to his Majesty.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House, as are of his Majesty's most honourable Privy Council, do humbly know his Majesty's Plcafurt, when he will be attended by this House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, King'* take into Consideration His Majesty's most gracious Speech to be Speech eo both Houses of Parliament. considered.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock,

Avkfbuty

Election.

Great

Marlow

Electiun.

Andover

Election.

Ditto.

i Geo. II. 2 FtbPUdrti3

Vienerisj 2b die Februarii;

Artrio I® Gebtgii IF1 Rfe'gis, 1717. Prayers.

A PETITION of John Guise, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; fettiftg forth* that at the last Election of Burgesses, to serve in this Parliament for the Borough of Aylesbury, Com' Bucks, the honourable Sir Wm. Stanhope, the Petitioner, and Philip Lloyd, Esquirfe, flood Candidates; . . would have had a Majority of legal Votes, and should have been returned 5 biit that Mr. Lloyd, by Bribery, and other undue Practices* procured himself to be returned, though not duly chosen, not qualified to fit in Parliament by the Laws of the Realm: And praying the Consideration of the House, and Relief* in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Coh-sideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections* and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Sir John Guise, Baronet, waspresented to the House, and read; letting forth, that at the late Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Great Marlow, Com' Bucks, the Petitioner, Edmund Waller, and John Clavering, Esquires, flood Candidates: That the Petitioner had a Majority of legal Votes; but Mr. Clavering, by himself, and Agents, by publick Bribery hath procured himself to be returned, in manifest Wrong to the Petitioner, who was duly elected, and ought to have been returned: And praying the Justice of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Wm. Guidon, of Laverjlock, in the County of Southampton, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that at the Election of Burgesses, to serve in this Parliament for the Borough of Andover, Com' Southampton, the Candidates were James BrudenellfLfopixt, Charles Coltyer, Esquire, and the Petitioner: That Mr. Collyer, by Bribery, and Treats, after the Tefie of the Writ, and other illegal and indirect Practices, procured himself to be returned one of the Burgesses for the said Borough; though, had ndt such Practices been used, the Petitioner would have had a Majority of the uncorrupt Votes, and ought to have been returned: And praying such Relief in the Premises, as the Hotife ftittll think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Electldris; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the Hotife.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That it beaninstruction to the said Committee, that they do hear the Matter of the said Petition upon Thursday, the Twenty-first Day of March next;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

h

So it was resolved rn the Affirmative.

A Petition of Matthew Skinnery Serjeant at Law* and Abel Kettelbey, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Eieftion for Burgesses,- to serve in Parliament for the Bbrough of Addo&er, Coon' Southampton, was had on the 23d Day of AitgUfi Ml; when Abel 'Ireakle, Senior, then Bailiff of the said Borough and the approved Men, and capital Burgesses, as they style themselvesy being 24 in Number, took upon themselves atone to elect two Burgesses for the said Borough, and refused the Votes of above Thrdefcore of the approved Men, and Burgesses, who had a legal Right to Vot. SI.

vote at such Eieftion, and who voted for the Petitioners 5 and although the Petitioners were then fodulychofenby a very great Majority, yet the said fiaiiift*refuted to return the Petitioners, but has returned the honourable Charles Collyer, and the honourable James Brudehtll, Esquires, in Violation of the Righ ts of the said Borough: And praying the House to take the Matter into Consideration.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That it bean Instruction to the said Committee, that they do hear the Matter of the said Petition at ‘ the same time they hear the Matter of the Petition of William Guidott, of Laverjlock, in the County of Southampton, Esquire, complaining of an undue Eieftion and Return for the said Borough of Andover.

A Petition of Sir Arthur Owen-, Baronet, waspresented Pembroke to the House, and read; setting forth, that at the last Election* Eieftion of a Member to serve in this Parliament for the County of Pembroke the Petitioner, and John Campbell;

Esquire, flood Candidates, the Hay, appointed by the High Sheriff, being the 5th of September last, at the Guildhall of tiaverford-west \ at which Time and Place the Petitioner had a great Majority of legal* Votes; and was by the Sheriff declared to be duly elected , but a Poll being demanded, it was granted, and proceeded in for several Days; all which lime the said Sheriff was wholly influenced by Mr. Campbell, and used all possible Means, by frequent and unnecessary Adjournments; to protract the Poll, and weary out the Petitioners Voters; arid he absolutely refused to swear his Clerks, for taking the Poll impartially; notwithstanding: which Practices; the Poll ended with a Majority for the Petitioner, though the Under-sheriff, under Pretence of another Poll, carried on by him in a Garret, contrived to be filled with the Friends of Mr. Campbell, to which the Petitioner* nor his Friends, could not come, and without the Consent of the; Petitioner, or any Inspection of the fame, declared he had been taking a Poll in another Place, and that Mr. Campbell had the Majority thereby; and the High Sheriff returned Mr. Campbell accordingly, though no other Place of Polling was mentioned, when the Poll was demanded by Mr. Campbell, and this Poll, if any, was intended as a Colour, to justify the returning of Mr. Campbell: And praying the House to take the Fasts info Consideration, not only for the Petitioner's Relief, but to prevent the Violation of all other Elections.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Eieftions j and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Thomas Lloyd, Esquire, was presented td Anglesea the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner; Eieftion. and Hugh Williams, Esquire, flood Candidates at the late Election of a Knight of the Shire for the County of Anglesea: That many were admitted to vote at the said Electioft for Mr. Williams, who had no Right to vote, and several others, who had a Right to vote, and offered to poll for the Petitioner, were rejected; by which undue Means, and the Partiality of Henry Morgan, Esquire, the High Sheriff, in holding a Court, and* taking a Poll for Mf.

Williams, after the County Court had been discontinued, and in tearing and defacing the Poll Book, as also* by other illegal Practices, Mr. Williams has prooured himself to be returned a Representative for the said County/ though the Petitioner was duly elected by a Majority^ good Votes, and ought to have been returned: And praying Relief in the rremifes.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections ? and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of several Freeholders of the County of Dirt*. Anglesea. in behalf of themselves, and of several others.

Freeholders

UiOOQ LC

3 2 2° Februa 1727.

Freeholders of the said County, was presented to the Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-House, and read; setting forth, that Tho. Lloyd and Hugh sideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections;

Williams, Esquires, flood Candidates at the last Election and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report of a Knight of the Shire, to serve in Parliament for the the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

County of Anglesea: That on the 7th Day of September

last Henry Morgan, Esquire, High Sheriff of the said A Petition of Thomas BoothBy Skrymjher, Esquire, was County, held his Court, and opened the Poll for the presented to the House, arid read; setting forth, that at 1Qn‘ Election, and continued the same until the Evening of the last Election of Members, to serve in this Parliament the next Day, and then closed the Poll, as the Petitioners for the Borough of Leicester, the Petitioner, with Sir apprehended, the said Court not being adjourned over to George Beaumont, and George Wright, flood Candidates: any other Time; by reason of which, the Petitioners, and That John Gutheridge, the Mayor, and Leonard Piddock, many others, then present, who intended to vote for Mr, Bailiff, of the said Borough, did refuse to poll a great Lloyd, were prevented from polling, and departed to their Number of legal Votes, that offered to poll for the Peti-Habitations; but the said High Sheriff, being sensible tioner, and received the Votes of divers for Sir George that Mr. Lloyd had the Majority on closing the said Poll, and Mr. Wright, who had no Right to vote; and the and would have had a much greater, in case the Peti- said Mayor made great Numbers of Freemen, to vote for tioners, and those that went away, had been polled, Sir George, and Mr. Wright, who had no Title to such thought fit to hold a Court the next Day, and to open Freedom, and refused to admit divers others to their the Poll again, and admit divers other Persons to poll for Freedom, who had an unquestionable Right thereto; so Mr. Williams; by which Means, and other illegal Prac- that by these, and divers other, illegal Practices, Sir tices of the High Sheriff, Mr. Williams was declared to George and Mr. Wright have procured themselves to be have the Majority, and was accordingly returned, though returned, in Prejudice to the Petitioner, who had a Ma- Mr. Uoyd vjas duly elected, and ought to have been re- jority of legal Votes: And praying such Relief in the turned, in Violation of the Rights of the Petitioners, and Premises, as the House shall think fit. other Freeholders of the said County: Aihd praying such Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-Relief, as the House shall think fit. sideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con- and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report sideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House. and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report

the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House. A Petition of Charles Sehvyn, Esquire, Was presented Gloucester to the House, and read; setting forth, that at the last Election.

Maidstone A Petition of Sir Barnham Rider, Knight, was pre- Election of Members, to serve in Parliament for the City Election, fen ted to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Pe- of Gloucester, the honourable Matthew Ducy Moreton, titioner, with John Finch, Esquire, and Thomas Hope, Esquire, "and Benjamin Bathurst and Thomas Chester, Gentleman, flood Candidates at the last Election of Esquires, and the Petitioner, flood Candidates; when Burgesses, to serve in this Parliament for the Borough the Petitioner was duly elected one of the Members for of Maidstone, Com9 Kent: That the said Mr. Hope, and the said City; but, by indued Practices, Mr. Chester his Agents, were guilty of notorious Bribery, and other hath procured himself to be chosen, and returned: And illegal Practices, in order to procure Mr. Hope to be praying the Relief of the House in the Premises. elected, and returned 5 and he is returned, as duly elect- Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Coned, though he is not qualified to fit in Parliament: And sideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; praying Relief irr the Premises. and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con- the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House. sideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; A Petition of Benjamin Bathurst, Esquire, was pre- Ditto*

and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report fented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House. honourable Matthew Ducy Moreton, Thomas Chester,

Ditto. A Petition of John Hamilton, Esquire, was presented to Charles Selwyn, Esquires, and the Petitioner, stood Can-the House, and read; setting forth, that at the last Elec- dictates at the last Election of Citizens, to serve in this tion of Burgesses, to serve in this present Parliament for Parliament for the City of Gloucester: That before, and the Borough of Maidstone, the honourable John Finch, at, the said Election, many undue Practices were made Esqurre, Sir Barnham Rider, Thomas Hope, Esquire, and use of, to procure the said Mr. Moreton to be elected, the Petitioner, stood Candidates: That before, and at, and returned, for the said City, and he is returned ac-the said Election, Mr. Finch, and his Agents, were guilty. cordingly, though the Petitioner was duly elected: And of Bribery, and other illegal Practices, to procure Mr. praying Relief in the Premises.

Finch to be elected, and returned, a Burgess far the said Ordered,.That the said Petition be referred to the

Borough; and he is returned, as such, though the Pe- Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elec-titioner was duly elected by a Majority of good Votes, tions; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and ought to have been returned with the said Mr. and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to Hope: And praying the House to take the Premises into the House.

Consideration. A Petition of Thomas Chester, Esquire, was presented to Ditto.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the the House, and read; setting forth, that at the last Elec-Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Election of Members, to serve in Parliament for the City of tions; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and Gloucester, Matthezv Ducy Moreton, Benjamin Bathurst, report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the Charles Selwyn, Esquires, and the Petitioner, stood Can-House. ' ' dictates: That many corrupt Practices were used by Mr.

Selwyn, whereby he hath procured himself to be elected,

A ^>e^on Thomas D*Oyley9 Esquire, was presented and returned, a Citizen for the said City, in Prejudice to lon# to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner, the Petitioner, who was duly elected: And praying, that and Robert Hucks, Esquire, were Candidates at the late his same may be taken into Consideration.

Election for the Borough of Abingdon, in the County of Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-

Bucks; and Mr. Hucks, by Bribery, and other illegal sideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections;

Practices, procured several of the Electors to vote for and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report him; but the Petitioner had a Majority of legal Votes, the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House. and ought to have been returned; notwithstanding A Petition o{Matthew Ducie Moreton, Esquire, was Ditto, which, Mr. John Fludger, the Mayor, hath returned the presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the said Mr. Hucks: And praying the Consideration of the Petitioner was duly chosen a Citizen, to serve in this pre*

House, and such Relief, as shall be thought meet, feat Parliament for the City of Gloucester; notwithstand-

ing

I Geo. II. 20

ing which, Mr. Bathnrjl, who also flood another Candidate, hath by undue Means procured himselfto be defied, and returned, in Prejudice to the Petitioner: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Hereford A Petition of John Kyrzvood, Esquire, was presented to Election. House, and read; letting forth, that fit the last Election of Members, to serve in this Parliament for the City of Hereford, the Right honourable Henry Bridges, Esquire, Thomas Geers, Esquire, and the Petitioner, Rood Candidates: That the said Mr. Bridges was at the Time of Election, and now is, under Age, and therefore is incapable by Daw of being defied, or to fit in Parliament; which the Electors well knew both before, and at, the Election; and many illegal Practices were used by the Agents of Mr. Bridges* and a Poll carried on, and he was returned in Wrong to the Petitioner, for whom several of the chief Inhabitants gave their Votes, and he ought to have been returned with Mr. Geers, they only being the Candidates capable: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises, and Relief therein, according to Justice.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; ?md that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That it be an Inllruftion to the said Committee, that they do hear the Matter of the said Petition upon ‘Thursday, the Twenty-second Day of February instant.

Lyme Regis A Petition of Hewy Holt Henley, Esquire, was presented Election, to the House, and read; setting forth, that at the last Election of Burgesses, to serve in this Parliament for the Borough of Lyme Regis, Com' Dorset* John Burridge, junior, Esquire, Mayor of the said Borough, Henry Dr ax* Esquire, George Crefner, Esquire, and the Petitioner, flood Candidates: That the said Mayor hath returned himself to serve for the said Borough, which he could not lawfully do, even if he had been elected by a Majority of legal Votes; which he had not, though he admitted several to vote for him, which had no Right, and refused others, that had a Right, and offered to vote for the Petitioner, who had a Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned; and divers other illegal Practices were used by Mr. Burridge* in order to procure himself to be elected, and returned; and the Petitioner doth object, that Mr. Burridge hath not a sufficient Estate, to qualify himself to fit in Parliament: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and Relief therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, with the Return for the Borough of Lyme Regis3 in the County of Dorset.

King Mr. Treasurer reported to the House, that his Ma-appoints to jesty having been waited upon, pursuant to the Order of be mended. yeftcrcJay^ humbly to know, when he would please to be attended by this House; his Majesty had been pleased to appoint this Afternoon, at Two of the Clock, at his Palace of St. James.

King's The House (according to Order) proceeded to take

Speech ;nto Consideration his Majesty's most gracious Speech to considered. foth Houses of Par]jament.

And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker.

Supply. And a Motion being made, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

Ordered, That his Majesty's most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament be leferred to the said Committee.

Vol. 21.

A Petition of Charles Bertie* Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that at the last Election of Members, to serve in this Parliament for the Borough of Stamford, Com' Lincolne* the honourable Robert Shirley and IVm. Noel, Esquire, and the Petitioner, flood Candidates: That the Petitioner was duly elected, and ought to have been returned; but the Mayor admitted divers Persons to vote, who had no Right, and acted with great Partiality for Mr. Shirley, and hath returned him; who had distributed great Sums of Money to several Voters, forgave others Money they owed him, and by such, and other, illegal Practices prevailed on many Voters, that would have voted for the Petitioner: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and give such Relief, as shall be thought meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of John Sinclair, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the 31st Day of August last being appointed for electing a Knight of the Shire, to serve in this present Parliament for Caitkness* Patrick Dunbar* and the Petitioner, flood Candidates: That the Earl of Broadalbine being Sheriff of the said Shire, was prevailed upon to absent himself from the said Election; and then John Sinclair, having a Prejudice to the Petitioner, and declared, that he would not return him at any rate, claimed to act as Sheriff, and returning Officer, in virtue of a latent Conveyance from the said Earl of Broadalbine, never legally perfected, and, as such, did refute to produce the Sheriff Court Books, with the Minutes of former Eieftions, and Rolls of the Freeholders, who used to vote; but Patrick Dunbar, in Combination, with John Sinclair, pulled out of his Pocket a Roll, made up without any Authority; in which several Persons were inserted, that never voted at any Election, and others, that had voted, were left out; which Roll the said John Sinclair did impose upon the Freeholders: That by Act of Parliament the Sheriff Clerk, in Absence of the Member last elected, is appointed to ask the Voters, who shall be Prsfes and who shall be Clerk; and that James Campbell, the principal Sheriff Clerk, being absent, John Dunett did appear with a Deputation from him, and offered to act; yet the said John Sinclair took upon him to name Hugh Monro, to ask the said Votes, although the Freeholders are entitled to choose their own Clerk, which Clerk is the returning Officer, and the Majority of the Freeholders did elect Benjamin Doull to be Clerk to the Meeting: That the said John Sinclair, Patrick Dunbar* and other two, who concurred with them, separated from the rest, and, pretending to elect by themselves, made use of the said Hugh Monro, as Clerk; and, though the Petitioner was duly elected by a Majority of Nine to Four, of which Four the said John Sinclair and Patrick Dunbar made Two, yet the said John Sinclair and Hugh Monro have returned the said Patrick Dunbar, as duly elected, in Prejudice of the Petitioner; and several other illegal Practices were used by the said pretended Sheriff, to accomplish his Design: And praying Redress of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Eieftions; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Thomas Ashurst* Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that at the late Election of Burgesses, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Liverpoole in the County of Lancaster> Thomas Bootle* Thomas Brereton* the Petitioner, and IVII-Ham Cotesworth, Esquires, were Candidates, and the Petitioner had a Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned: That the said Mr. Bootle and Mr. Brereton, and their Agents, were guilty of divers illegal Practices; and, although Mr. Bootle and Mr. Brereton were incapable of being elected, or returned, and were not qualified to fit I in

Stamford

Elc&ios.

Caithness

Election.

Liverpoole

Elc&ioa.

Bedford

Cledtion.

Afliburnham

Election.

'Tfegoirey

Election.

34

2° — 15° Februarii. A. 1727.

in Parliament, yet they are returned, to the Petitioner's Prejudice: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do hear the Matter of the said Petition at the same time they hear the Matter of the Petition of Wm> Cotesworth, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough of Liverpoole.

A Petition of Samuel Onglev, and James Metcalfe, Esquires, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that at the late Election of Burgesses, to serve in this Parliament for the Borough of Bedford, the Petitioners, with John Orlebar, and John Tkurloe Brace, were Candidates; and, upon a Poll, the Petitioners had a very great Majority, which was acquiesced in by the said other Candidates, and no Objection was made to any of the Voters, nor any Scrutiny demanded: Thereupon Mr. William Lake, senior, the then Mayor, declared the Petitioners duly elected, and directed a Return to be made accordingly, which was done, and the Corporation Seal affixed to itj but, to the Petitioners great Surprize, they find, the said Return is, by illegal Practices of the said Mayor, withdrawn, and endeavoured to be suppressed, and, instead thereof, a Return of the said Mr. Orlebar and Mr. Brace is got into the Office of the Clerk of the Crown, to the great Wrong of the Petitioners: And praying the immediate Justice of the House, for such notorious and illegal Practices of the said late Mayor.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion, thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do hear the Matter of the said Petition upon 'Saturday, the Ninth Day of March next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 30 die Februarii \

Anno i* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1727. Prayers.

A PETITION of Robert Yard, Esquire, was pre-fenred to the House, and read; setting forth, that at the last Election of Burgesses, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Ashburnham, Com* Devon, Roger Tuckfeild, Esquire, Richard Reynell, Esquire, Sir John Lambert, and the Petitioner, Rood Candidates: That many undue Practices were used by John Sunter, Port-reve of the said Borough, in order to procure Mr. Reynell to be elected, and returned; and he is returned a Burgess for the said Borough, in Prejudice to the Petitioner, who was elected by a great Majority, and ought to have been returned with Mr. tuckfeild: And praying such Relief in the Premises, as shall be thought meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of James Cooke, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner, with Thomas Smith and John Goddard, Esquires, Rood Candidates at the late Election of Members, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Tregoney, Com* Cornwall j and the Petitioner was duly elected by a great Majority, though many illegal Practices of Mr. Goddard's Agents were used, to prevent the fame, and he is returned inRead of the Petitioner: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Sir Robert Fagg, Baronet, was presented Steyninj to the House, and read; setting forth, that at the laR e ian* Elt'ftion of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Steyning, in the County of Sussex, the Lord Viscount Fane, Thomas Bladen, Esquire, and the Petitioner, Rood Candidates: That Mr. Bladen was not known, or heard of, within the said Borough, till within a Day before the Election; and his Friends, and Agents, were guilty of notorious Bribery, and other illegal Practices, to procure him to be elected, and returned; and he is returned accordingly, notwithstanding the Petitioner was duly elected by a Majority of good Votes, and ought to have been returned with the said Lord Vane\ and also the said Mr. Bladen is not qualified to fit in Parliament, not having a sufficient Estate for that Purpose:

And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Adam Oldenburg, and Phillipe Dumour- Oldenburg'*, tier, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, *c' that the Petitioners are Foreigners; but profefi the Pro-teflant Religion, and have given good Proof of their Loyalty to his Majesty, and the Good of this Kingdom:

And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for their Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition-, and that Mr.

Robert Hacks and Sir Nathanael Curzon do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Speaker reported, that the House attended hisMa- Anfcer jesty yefierday with their Address; to which his Majesty 10 Addrefr. was pleased to give this most gracious Answer; viz.

Gentlemen,

I give you my Thanks for this very loyal and affectionate Address. Such Returns of Duty and Gratitude from my faithful Commons would add, if any thing poffi-bly could, to my Resolutions of promoting, and consulting, upon all Occasions, the Welfare and Prosperity of my People. The intire Confidence you place in me, will engage me most strictly to make use of the Power and Trust, you shall repose in me, for your Interest, and to your Satisfaction; and you shall always find my Readi-ness to ease and reduce the Expence of the Publick answerable to your Expectations.

Resolved, nemine contradicente, That an humble Ad- Address on dress be presented to his Majesty, to return the most Answer. humble Thanks of this House to his Majesty, for his most gracious Answer to their Address.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, Peterborough That it be an Instruction to the Committee of Privileges Eledbon. and Elections, that they do hear the Matter of the Petition of James Pix, Bailiff of the City of Peterborough, and also the Matter of the Petition of the Dean and Prebendaries of the Cathedral Church of the City of Peterborough, in the County of Northampton, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, severally complaining of an undue Return for the said City of Peterborough, upon Tuesday, the Twenty-seventh Day of February instant;

It passed in the Negative.

The Clerk of the Crown attending (according to Or- Lyme Regis der) with the Return for the Borough of Lyme Regis, in fclcftion-the County of Dorset, the Return was read.

16 And

G00glC

x Geo. II. 3* — 5*

And it appearing to the House, by the said Return, that John Burridge, junior, Esquire, was Mayor of the said Borough of Lyme Regis at the Time of the Election of Burgesses, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough; and that the Precept was directed to the said Mayor; and that he did return himself one of the Burgesses, to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, in which Return several of the Ekdors joined with him;

The Journal of the Second of June, 1685, was read:

And Mr. Burrtdge was heard in his Place:

And then he withdrew.

Resolved, nemine contradicente, That John Burrtdge, junior, Esquire, being Mayor of the Borough of Lyme Regis, in the County of Dorset, at the Time of the Election of Burgesses, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough, and the proper Officer, to whom the Precept was directed, was not capable of being elected, and returned, to serve in Parliament for the same Borough.

Ordered, That the Petition of Henry Holt Henley, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of L\me Regis, in the County of Dorset, and which was ordered to lie upon the Tank, be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter of that Part thereof, which relates to the Petitioner's Complaint, that he, although duly elected, was not returned for the said Borough: And they are to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do hear the Matter of that Part of the said Petition, which is referred to them, upon Saturday, the Twenty-fourth Day of February instant.

A Petition of William Smith, Esquire, one of the Freeholders of the Borough of Lyme Regis, in the County of Dorset, in behalf of himself, and other Freeholders of the said Borough, complaining, that the Freeholders Votes were refuted by the Mayor at the last Election of Burgesses, to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, was prefen ted to the House, and read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the w'hole House, to consider of the Motion, made Yesterday, that a Supply be granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Lnnce, 50 die Februarii;

Anno i* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1727.

Prater s.

AP ETITIO N of Arthur Jenny, of Bredfield, in the County of Suffolk, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; ferting forth, that the Petitioner flood Candidate at the last Election of Burgesses, to serve in this Parliament for the Borough of Orford, Com' Suffolk, and had a'Majority of legal Votes; but the Mayor received several Votes of Persons, not qualified, to vote ior Brice Devereux, Esquire, and hath returned him, Vol. 21.

Februarii. 3 5

instead of the Petitioner: And praying such Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of the honourable Henry Bertie, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner, together with Watkin Williams Wynn, Esquire, flood Candidates at the last Election of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Beaumaris, in the County of Anglefty: That by the Charter, granted to the said Borough by Queen Elizabeth, it is directed, that no Person shall be elected, and returned, a Member, to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, not being first sworn a capital Burgess thereof; notwithstanding which, the said Mr. Williams, although not qualified, as aforesaid, has procured himself to be elected, and returned, a Burgess for the said Borough, in Prejudice to the Petitioner: And praying the House to give such Relief in the Premises, as seems meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Sir Charles Turner (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Motion, for a Supply to be granted to his Majesty; that they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, nemine contradicente. That a Supply be granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Ordinary of the Navy, for the Year 1728, with the Half-pay of the Officers of the Navy, and Marines, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge for Guards, Garrisons, and Land Forces, for the Year 1728, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, for the Year 1728, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That a List of the Regimental and Warrant Officers, that are to be in Half-pay for the Year 1728, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account of the Services incurred, and not provided for by Parliament, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate be laid before this House, of the Charge of the Out-pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1728.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, how the Money, given for the Service of the Year 1727, hath been disposed of, distinguished under the several Heads.

Ordered, That a State of the Debt of his Majesty's Navy, as it flood at Christmas last, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, shewing the Moneys arisen within the respective Half Years, ending at Lady-day and Michaelmas last pafl, as well of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund, commonly called the Aggregate Fund, as of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund, commonly called the South Sea Fund, as also of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund, commonly called the General Fund.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers, to lay before this House the said Estimates, Lift, State, and Accounts,

Ordered,

Beaumaris

Election.

Supply.

Navy and Army Estimatst, &c.

36 5 Februarii.A. 1727.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his sideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report Majesty's moll honourable Privy Council. the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Supply. Refolded* That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, toconsiderof the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Dumbarton, A Petition of Daniel Campbell, Esquire, was prefen ted *c, Election. to the House, and read; setting forth, that at the last Election of a Member of Parliament, to serve for the District of Boroughs of Dumbarton, Glfagow, Rutherglen, and Renfrew, on the Ninth Day of September last, the Petitioner was duly elected, and ought to have been returned; and James Dmicanfon, common Clerk of Dumbarton* the presiding Borough, tendered a proper Return of the Petitioner, asduiy elected, to William Colquhune, Deputy Sheriff of the County of Dumbarton, and required him to join in an Indenture, and return the Petitioner; but he absolutely refused to do it; and he, together with David Butchinfon* who pretended to be Town-clerk of Dumbarton, have returned John Blackivood* Esquire, though Hut-cfnnfon hath no Pretence to be Clerk of the said presiding Borough, nor was Mr. Blackwood then and there elected; and that such Proceedings of the said SheriffDepute, and David Hntchin/on, are of the most dangerous Consequence to the Freedom of Elections: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ditto. A Petition of James Duncanfon, common Clerk of the Borough of Dumbarton, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that at the Election of a Burgess, to serve in this Parliament for the District of Dumbarton* Renfrew, GIafgow, and R»/>4^/^,the Petitioner, being chief Clerk of Dumbarton, the presiding Borough, officiated as such, and, when the Election was fairly over, certified to Wm Colquhune. the Deputy Sheriff of the Shire of Dumbarton* that Daniel Campbell* Esquire, was duly defied, and then tendered him a Return of the said Mr. Campbell- which he refused to accept, and in his Place hath returned John Blackwood, Esquire, who was certified to be elected by one David Hutchinson, who untruly takes upon him the Title of common Clerk of Dumbarton: That he has for these Ten Years acted as common Clerk for the said Borough, and on the 30th of September, 1717, was nominated by the Magistrates and Town Council of Dumbarton, in Whom the only Right is, to be their Common Clerk for Life; which Commission was signed by the then Provost, and the cothmon Seal of the Borough affix'd to it, and was afterwards ratified by the Convention of the royal Burghs; and the Petitioner has acted as common Clerk ever since: That the Petitioner finds himself obliged to ky tftefe fcaftsbefore the House, left he should be thought faulty in the Execution of his Office: And praying the Consideratron of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House upon Thursday Morning next, with the Return for the said District: of Boroughs.

Ordered, That the said Petitions do lie upon the Table,

Answer to M r.Trealfurer reported to the House, that their Address,

Address. of Saturday last, to return his Majesty the Thanks of chis House for his most gracious Answer to their Address,'had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty was fleased to Teceive the said' Address very gracieufly.

Tewkjhury A Petition df Thomas Rede* Esquire, was presented to hied ion* JHouse, and read; setting forth, that Francis, Lord Vifcdunt Gage and George Rede, Esquire, with the Petitioner, flood Candidates at the Election of Members, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Tewkf bury, in the County of Gloucester; and the Petitioner, and George Rede* Esquire, were duly elected by a Majority of legal Voices; but the said Lord Gage, by Bribery and dtlier indirect Practices, hath procured himself to here-turned with the said1 George Rede: And praying the Consideration of the House, and Relief, in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-

A Petition of Sir Archer Croft* Baronet, was presented Leominster to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner, Elation, together with Wm. Lord Bateman, and Sir George Cafwall* were Candidates at the late Election of Members, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Leominster, in the County of Hereford 1 That Sir George CaJ'wall did in a corrupt Manner procure several Votes, and, when he thought he had gotten a Majority, he did, in a tumultuous and riotous Manner prevent the Bailiff of the said Borough from proceeding any further upon the Poll, but obliged him, without any further Delay, to return the said Sir George* although the Petitioner had then several Persons ready to poll for him; but the Tumult was so great, that they would not suffer them to poll, nor permit the Petitioner to a Scrutiny on such Votes: And praying the Consideration of the House, and such Relief, in the Premises, as shall be thought meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of the late Bailiff, and several of the Bur- Ditto, geffes, and Inhabitants, of the said Borough of Leominster* whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that Wm. Lord Bateman, Sir Archer Croft,

Baronet, and Sir George Cafwall, Knight, were Candidates at the late Election for Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Leominster; and Sir George did corruptly procure several Persons to vote for him, and in a riotous Manner, after he apprehended himself to have gained a Majority of Votes on the Poll, did, with his Agents, obstruct the Bailiff from proceeding any further in the Election, though several then attended, to vote for Sir Archer Croft: That the riotous Persons, when the Poll was legally adjourned by Proclamation, with Content of the Candidates, would not permit the Bailiff' and Candidates to depart the Court, but by Menaces obliged the Bailiff to declare Sir George Cafzva/l duly elected, not giving him Time to cast up the Poll Book, or make any Scrutiny; otherwise the Petitioners apprehend, that Sir Archer Croft would have had the Majority of legal Votes:

And praying the House to take the Matter into Consideration, in order to prevent such unwarrantable Practices, and that their Right of Election may be preserved free and open.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of the several Trustees, named in an Act of Maidenhead, Parliament, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his &c* Eoadt. late Majesty King George* intituled, "An Act for repairing €i the Highways from Maidenhead Bridge to Sunning Lane c< End (next toTwyford) in the Road to Reading* and from " the said Bridge to Henley Bridge, in the County of " Berks*" and of several other Inhabitants, and Persons residing near to, and frequenting, the said Roads, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Tolls, granted by the said Act, were to continue for 11 Years; and the Trustees have laid out great Sums of Money, and made great Progress in repairing the said Roads, being Sixteen Miles in Length, and Materials lying at great Distance; yet the same cannot be effectually repaired, unless the Term, granted by the said Act, be enlarged, and the Act made more effectual: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term granted by the said Act, and for making the same more effectual, in such Manner, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Consideration

I Geo. II. 5° — 6*Februarii. 37

Consideration of a Committeeand that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the feme, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Potenger, Sir Nathanael Cur+ xon, Mr. Harley, Mr. Plummer, Mr. Duncomb, Mr. Paw* let, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Gy b bon, Mr. Campbell, Sir /f7». Sta-Sir TAo. Sanderson, Mr. Owen, Mr. Lewenx General Sabine, Lord Gdj'*, Colonel Read, Mr. Lyddell, Sir Geo. Cajwall, Mr. Ash, Mr. Kel/all, Mr. Lee, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Fane, Mr. Cross, Mr. Williams, Lord Marquis of Harrington, Mr. Dodington, Lord How, Sir Robert Clifton, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Pane, Mr. Harrifin, Lord Hervey, Sir John Stonhouse, Mr. Packer, Mr. Bootle, Lord Morpeth, Mr. Papillon, Mr. Andrews, Sir John Rvshout, Mr. Geers, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Chetwynd, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Wca~ ver, Mr. Huxley, Mr, Bertie, Mr. Alderman Child, Lord Wm. Beauclerk, Lord Vere Beauclerk, Mr. Clavering, Mr. Waller, Mr. Brace, Mx. Conduit t, Mr. Brudenell, Mr, Clayton, Mr. Ualfey, Lord Inchequin, Mr. Orlebar, Mr. Oglethorpe, Mr. Cornwal, Mr. Bevan\ and all the Members, that serve for the Counties of Berks and Oxford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records,

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock

Mart is, 6# die Februarii;

Anno i° Georgii IIdl Regis, 1727. Praters.

TTH E Hcmfe infonned, that some of the Com-- niissioners of the Customs attended at the Door, they were called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to several Acts of Parliament,

An Account of prohibited East India Goods, remaining in Warehouses at St. Hellen's, at Lady-day, 17*7; with what has been brought in since that time, what exported, as also, what remained at Michaelmas, 1727: Ana also. An Account of prohibited East India Goods, remaining in Warehouses at Leaden-hall, at Lady-day, 1727; with what has been brought in since that time, what exported, as also, what remained at Michaelmas, 1727: And also, An Account of prohibited East IndiaG oods, remaining in his Majesty's Warehouse, London, at Lady-day, 1727; with what has been brought in since that time, what exported, as also, what remained at Michaelmas, 1727: And also,

An Account of prohibited East India Goods, remaining in the respective Warehouses in the Out-ports, at Lady-day, 1727; with what has been brought in since that time, what exported, as also, what remained at Michaelmas, 1727: And also.

An Account of naval Stores, imported from Russia into the Port of London, from Lady-day, 1727, to Michaelmas, 1727: And also,

An Account of naval Stores, imported from Russia into the Ports commonly called the Out-ports, from Lady-day, 1727, to Michaelmas, 1727.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The feid Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Aberdeen A Petition of Alexander Frafer, of Streichan, Esquire, ledUon. Was panted to the House, and read; setting forth, that the 7th Day of September last was appointed for the Election of a Knight of the Shire, to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Aberdeen; and Sir Archibald Grant Alexander, of Streichan, and the Petitioner, flood Candidates: That, when the Freeholders were met in the You 2L

Placet where the Sheriff's Court h commoedy held for Eie&ion, the Room was crouded with a great Number of Persons, who had no Right to be there, and who came along with Sir Archibald Grant; and it being represented to the Sheriff, that, by Law, all Persons, who were* not Freeholders, or otherwise intitled to be present, ought to be removed, yet the Sheriff did not think fit to comply with such repeated Desires: That Sir Archibald, hoping to profit by the Croud, thought fit to proceed to the calling of the Roll of the Ble&ors, and, during several Disputes, that arose, concerning the Qualification of Electors, his Agents argued in his behalf, who had no Claim to be present at such Meeting, and by their undue Methods the said Election could not regularly be carried on; vet a pretended Majority of Voices is feid to be for the said Sir Archibald Grant, who hath procured himself to be returned: That by the 21st Act ,. Parliament 3*

Ck. IL it is expressJy required, in the Election of Commissioners for Shires, all Persons, when the Freeholders are met, in order to the Choice of a Commissioner, should be removed, excepting such as have Right to vote; so that the Petitioner conceives, the said Election was carried on contrary to Law, in Prejudice to the Petitioner, and other Electors in the said County: And praying, that the House will take the said Premises, and arbitrary Proceedings, into Consideration, and give him such Relief, as shall be thought proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the feme, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Mr. Robert Hucks (according to Order) presented to Oldenburg's, the House, a Bill for naturalizing Adam Oldenburg, and &c. Ntt. Philippe Dumourtier; and the feme was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Treasurer reported to the House, that their Ad- Aofwerto dress of Yesterday, that his Majesty would be graciously Addrefc. pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers, that the several Estimates, Lift, State, and Accounts, therein mentioned, might be laid before this House, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he will give Directions to the proper Officers, for laying the same before this House.

Mr. Pelham presented to the House, pursuant to their Army Address to his Majesty, Estimtte*.

Estimate of the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and other his Majesty's Land Forces, in Great Britain, for the Year 1728:

Estimate of the Charge of his Majestyfs Forces in the Plantations, Minorca, said Gibraltar, for the Year 1728:

Estimate of the Charge of the Out-pensioners of Chei-Jea Hospital, for the Year 1728: And also,

An Account of Services incurred, and not provided for by Parliament.

Mr. Pelham also (by his Majesty's Command) presented to the House, ‘

Estimate of the Charge of Two thousand Two hundred and Twenty-four Horse, One thousand Eight hundred and Thirty-six Dragoons, and Eight thousand and Thirty-four Foot, of the Troops of his Highness the Landgrave of Hejfe Cajfell, for the Year 1728.

And the Titles of the said Estimates and Account were read.

The feid Estimates and Account are as follows; viz.

K ESTIMATE

38

6° Februa

A. 1727.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Guards, Garrison*, and other his Majesty's Land Forces, in Great

for the Year 1728.

Horse -

Dragoons

Foot' -

Invalids -

Independent

Companies.

FirstTroop of Guards Second Ditto - -

Third Ditto -

Fourth Ditto -

First Troop of Grenadier Guards -Second Ditto -

Royal Regiment of Guards Lord Cobham's Regiment -

Duke of Argyll's - -

k Lieutenant General Wade's

Royal Regiment of Dragoons Colonel Campbelfs Regiment Lord Carpenter's -

Earl of Stair's -Brigadier Kerr's Lieutenant General Evans's Brigadier Churchill's -Major General Hony wood's -

" First Regiment of Guards

Second Ditto -

Third Ditto -

Brigadier Kirk's Regiment -Lord Londonderry's - -

Lord Cadogans Lord Tyrawley's -

Major General Grove's -Colonel Montague's -Lieutenant General Whetham's Brigadier Clayton's - -

Colonel Harrison's -Ear) of Delorain's -Lieutenant General Sabine's

Brigadier Fielding's Regiment of Invalids (. 25 Independent Companies D° -

fSix Independent Companies in Northl (_ Britain . j

Numbers.

l8l

181

l8l

181

176

177

S37

3*9

*14

214

55*

55*

55*

55»

55*

55*

55*

55*

c. Vrrvn: r Staff Officers - -

gtaff Officei % 3 Garrisons with Fire and Candle c‘ (Contingencies upon Account -

2,003

1.288

1.288 857 857 857 857 8J7 857 857 857 8J7 857 857

5*5

1,300

Total

Whitehall, 6th February 172-f.

Pay of the Troops and Regiments for 366 Days.

2,161

4.4*6

£ s. d.

16.592 ——

16.592 ——

16,392 ——

16.592 ——

14,008

1,815

555

*.955

*«>77* 10,900 26,949 26,126 *7*744 *7.744 12 — 14 — 16 — 6 — 15 — 18 —

25.7*3 *4 —

*5*7*3 14 —

*5.7*3 *4

*5.7*3 14 —

*5.7*3 14 —

*5.7*3 *4 —

25.7*3 *4 —

25.7*3 14 —

51,291 17 —

33.*99 18 —

33.354 l6

16,668 5 —

16,668 5 —

16,668 5 —

16,869 1i —

16,668 5 —

16,668 5 —

16,668 5 —

16,668 5 —

16,668 5 —

16,668 5 —

16,668 5 —

9-933 *7 -

22,646 5 —

10,907 9 l\

35.45° 6 if

15,000 — —

TOTAL.

s. d.

176,607 4 —

*05,789 12 —

301,498 12 —

32,580 2 —

9,140 17 —

6*>357 *5 9

786,974 2 9

H. Pelham.

E STIM ATE of the Charge of his Majesty's Forces in the Plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar, for the Year 1728

In the Plantations, Numbers. Pav of the Regimeuta, &c. for 366 Day*. j TOTAL.

Colonel Lucas's Regiment ..... Colonel Philips's ..... Four Independent Companies at New York One Company at Bermudas ..... Two Companies at Jamaica ..... One Company in the Island of Providence - One Company at Caroluia ----- - 4 35 434 445 57 224 112 *5 - r 1,822 - £ s. d. 9,802 14 — 9,857 12 — 7,161 8 — 1,006 10 — 3,663 1 — 1,826 19 — 3,079 15 9i 1 >£ </. 36>397 19 9i 2>54-6 — 9f

Garrisons at Annapolis Royal and Placentia -

In

i Geo. II.

In Minorca.

Colonel Kane's Regiment -Colonel Co/bys Brigadier TyrrelFs -Colonel Handafyd's -

OfEcers of the Garrison, &c.

6°

Februarii.

Numbers.

Pay of the Regiments, &c. for 366 Days.

£ * d.

12.849 J3 —

12.849 13 —

12.849 *3 —

12.849 *3

39

total.

£- s. i

51,398 12 — 6,217 8 6

In Gibraltar. Lieutenant General Pearce's Regiment Colonel Egerton' % -Lord Mark Kerr's -

OfEcers of the Garrison,

- 488

- 488

- 488

*>464

5,540

Provisions for Colonel Phillips's Regiment, in Garrison at Annapolis Royal and Placentia, deducing per Diem out of the Subsistence of each Non-commission Officer, and private Man, towards that Expence: Remains to be borne by the Government - -

Provisions for the several Regiments at Gibraltar, about.

11.910 5 — u,910 5 —

11.910 5 —

1,558 17 I

20,400 — —

Whitehall, 6th February, 172^, Total - - - /.

H. Pelham.

35»73o 15 ~ 3*759 *7 9

21,958 17 1 158,009 10 11

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Out-pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1728.

Per Diem. For 366 Days.

2,732 Out-pensioners, (landing at present upon the Books of the Hospital, at $d. per Diem each ----- ----- -- 100 Letter Men, at xzd. per Diem each ----- --- 50 Serjeants, at 9 d. per Diem each - - -- -- - £ s. d. 56 18 4 5 x 17 6 £ s. 20,831 10 — 1,830 686 5 —

From which deduct, The Sum of Twelve thousand Five hundred Pounds, which, by Estimation, may heap wards defraying this Expence, out of the Poundage of the Forces for the Year 17: 63 ij 10 iplicable to-18 - *3>347 >5 — 12,300 — —

Remains to be granted, upon Account, for the Out-pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1728 - . Whitehall, 6th February, 172^. Pelham. — 1 10,847 —

An ACCOUNT of Services incurred, and not provided for by Parliament.

The several Payments to Mr. Missing, the Contraftor for supplying Gibraltar with Provisions, upon the monthly Lists of Men victualled from the 20th Day of December, 1725, to the 8th Day of May, 1727 -From the 9th Day of May to the 18th Day of December, 1727, is Eight Months, at 28 Days to the Month, which, computed at £. 4,200. per Month, being the nearest Estimate, according to the present Numbers of Men victualled^ amount to ——

For the Charge of ensuring Cargoes of Provisions, and other incidental Charges about the fame, to be borne by the Publick, according to the Contract with Mr. Missing, may be about -

Total of this Charge -

Deduct the Amount of the Supplies, granted in Parliament, for this Service, from the 25th of December, 1725, to the 25th of December, 1727, being - -

Remains an extraordinary Expence on this Head of Service

£- d.

29,990 6 io}

33,600 ——

2,200 ——

d.

65,790 6 10}

38,800 — —

26,990 6 10$

The Charge of the Hospital, and other extraordinary Charges, at Gibraltar; viz.

The Amount of his Majesty's Establishment of the Officers of the Hospital, from the ill of March, 172-f, to the 24th of December, 1727,

at £.4 per Diem - - - - 1,196 ——

For divers Medicines, Stores, and other Necessaries, sent for the Use of the said Hospital - - *6 8

Foranswering sundry Bills of Exchange, and Warrants, drawn, or to be drawn, by the Commander in Chief there, on Account of the Hospital, or other extraordinary contingent Charges, during the Siege, upon Account -- ----- - 5,000 — —

8,434 16 8

For

4o

6° Februarii.

£ s. d.

O O 00 17 6

5,3*3 10 3

*,55° 7

Forfeveral extraordinary Charges in or about the transporting Forces to and from Ireland, and from Minorca to Gibraltar, Anno 1727; viz.

For the Charge of transportiBg Four Regiments, brought from Ireland,

and placed on the English EftaWiflunent....

For the Charge of Bedding, and Transports, (Ac. for transporting the Regiments of Colonel Hayes and Colonel Middleton from Ireland to Gibraltar, and for the Service of some of those Transports, while they were detained and employed there ——

For the Charge of transporting a Detachment of Forces from Minorca to Gibraltar ——

Total for these Charges -

Tolatisfy his Majesty's Warrant to Lieutenant General Wade, on Account of making Roads, and other Services to be performed, in North Britain - -

For the Difference of Pay between (he English and Irish Establishment, for the Six Irish Regiments at Gibraltar; viz.

For the Four Regiments of Btjjet, Newton, Defiuy, and Anstruther, from the 25th of December, 1726, to the 24th of December, 1727 - - 3,504 — —

For the Two Regiments of Hays and Middleton, from the respective Days

of their Embarkation in Ireland to the 24th of December, 1727 - 1,627 4 —

Total of this Charge ——

Whitehall, 6th February, 172^.

Total

H. Pelham.

A. 1711-

£ J d'

8,872 9 4 1,000 ——

5,1314-

50,428 >6 10$

ESTIM A TE of the Charge of 2,224 Horle, 1,836 Dragoons, and 8,034 Foot, of the Troops of his Highness the Landgrave of Htjfe Cajfell, from the 25th of December, 1727, to the 24th of December, 1728, being 366 Days.

IT AT) n P Number*, including Officers. Pay in Htlland Money. The same reduced iwto Sterling, at 11 Gilders to the Pound.

HORSE.

The Pay of one Regiment of Horse, of Nine Troops, of 50 Men in each Troop, besides Officers The Pay of Three Regiments more, of the like Numbers each ----- ----- 556- - i,668 - - Gilders, d, 200,805 6 — 602,415 18 — £- s-18,255 54,765 2 —

Total Horse - - - 2,214 803,221 4 — 73,020 2 —

DRAGOONS.

The Pay of one Regiment of Dragoons, of Ten Troops, of 7a Men in each Troop, besides Officers -One Regiment of Dragoons more, of the like Numbers 918 - -918 - - 236.668 8 a 236.668 8 2 21.515 6 2 21.515 6 2

Total Dragoons - - - 1,836 473>336 *6 4 43,030 12 4

FOOT.

The Pay of one Regiment of Foot Guards, of 10 Companies, of 43 Men in each Company, besides Officers -The Pay of one Regiment of Grenadier Guards, of the like Numbers -The Pay of One Regiment of Foot, of Ten Companies of 43 Men in each, besides Officers - - - -The Pay of Ten Regiments of Foot more, of the like Numbers - - - - ' 618 - - 618- -6,180- - 111.266 9 — 111.266 9 — 94,642 14 3 946,427 3 6 10.115 2 5 10.115 2 5 8,603 *7 6 86,038 15 —

Total Foot - Horse - -Dragoons - - 8,034 - - 2,224 - - 1,836 1,263,602 16 1 803,221 4 — 473»336 *6 4 114,872 17 4 73,020 a — 43'°3° *» 4

Total- a - - -12,094 2,540,16b 16 5 230,923 11 8

Whitehall, 6th February, 172^.

H. Pelham.

Ordered, That the said Estimates, and Account, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

C*rmutt\gn A Petition of James Phillips, Esquire, was presented Sletiion, to the House, and read; setting forth, that at the last Election of a Member, to serve in this present Parliament for the County Borough of Carmarthen, the Petitioner, and Arthur Bevan, Esquire, Itood Candidates; and the Petitioner was then duly chosen by a Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned; but by some il-

legal Practices a Return is made of the said Mr. Bevan, in Wrong to the Petitioner: That the Right of returning a Member to Parliament is in the Two Sheriffs of the said Borough, who make but one Officer; but the Writ coming, by indirect Practices, into the Hands of David Morgan, one of the Sheriffs, he refused the other Sheriff a Sight thereof, or to join with him in making a Return; and he hath returned Mr. Bevan, as duly elected, and by that means to turn the Petitioner to complain upon the Merits of the Election; which the Petitioner apprehends, in Justice, he ought not to be put unto, but that the

Return

Carmarthen

Election.

Navy

Estimate.

Chatteris Ferry Hoad.

i Geo. II. 6°

Return, so made by the said Morgan shall be esteemed as no Return at all: -And praying the House to take his same into Confutation, and give him such Relief, as shall seem just.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of Erasmus Phillips one of the late Sheriffs of the said Borough of Carmarthen, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the said Borough is an ancient Borough, and was by Charter of King James the First made a County of itself; by which Charter two Persons are appointed Sheriffs, to be annually chosen, to whom all Writs are directed, and by them to be ^returned; which hath ever (ince been used: That the said Bo-jough hath always sent one Member to Parliament, and, in order thereto, a Writ did issue, toeleft a Member for this present Parliament; which Writ wais directed to the then Sheriffs of the said County Borough, who were the Petitioner, and Mr. David Morgan i but the Writ came, by some indirect Means, to the Hands of Mr. Morgan, who refuted the Petitioner a Sight thereof, and he appointed the nth Day of September last for the Election; when the Petitioner attended, according to his Duty, and the Candidates were James Phillips and Arthur Bevan, Esquires; and the Majority of legal Votes being for Mr. Phillips, the Petitioner, who was the senior Sheriff, declared him duly elected, and prepared an Indenture of Return accordingly, which was signed by the Mayor, Burgesses, and the Petitioner, according to usual Custom; and the Petitioner, desired Mr. Morgan to annex the said Return to the Writ; but he then pretended, he had not the Writ about him; so the Petitioner, the same Day, in the Evening, attended Mr. Morgan again for that Purpose; and then Mr Morgan told the Petitioner, that he alone had made a Return of Mr. Bevan, and sent it up; wh'ch is in Wrong to the Petitioner's Right of returning: And praying the Confident ion of the House in the Premises, and such Relief, as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petitions be heard at the Bar of this House.

Ordered, '1 hat the Matter of the said Petitions be heard at the Bar of this House upon Tuesday, the Nineteenth Day of March next.

Mr. Cockbum, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, The Ordinary Estimate of his Majesty's Navy, for the Year 1728.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Estimate is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, living in, near, and travelling through, the Road, leading from Chatteris Ferry, which divides the Isle of Ely from the

4*

County of Huntingdon, to a Place called Soifiersham Bridge oX Somersham Town's End, in the County of Huntingdon, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, wa9 presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the said Road, by reason of many Cattle passing through the fame, and many Floods and Inundations, is become very ruinous, and dangerous to Paffingers; and that the Inhabitants of the Parish, wherein the said Rvjad lies, are notable to repair the fame: A nd therefore praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and amending the said Road,

Ordered, That thefiid Petition be referred to the Consideration ot a Committee: and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it Khali appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Marquis of Hartington, Mr. Biggs Mr. Gay, Lord Wm. Powlet, Sir Tho. Lozvther Mr. Lowther, Mr. Morgan, Lord Malpas, Mr. Treby, Mr. Wither, Mr. War dour, Mr. Doddington, Mr. Bromley, Mr. S hep heard, Sir John Hind Cotton, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Huxley, Mr. Hucks, Colonel Bladen, Sir Wm. Yonge, Mr. Scrope, Mr. Keljall, Mr. Vyner, Sir Richard Ellys, Sir Edward Stanley, Sir Geo. Downingt Mr. Bathurfty Sir John Monson, Mr. Mjnfon, Sir Hen, Hoghton, Mr. Witmington, Mr. Sandys. General Sabine, Mr. Paivlet, Mr. Onslow, Lord Charles Cavtndish, Sir Wilfrid Laxvfon, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Bold, Mr. Masters, Mr. Dockmtnique, Mr. Williams, Mr. Breve-ton, Mr. Finch. Sir Wm, Morgan, Captain Vernon, Lord Micklethwaite; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Cambridge, Huntingdon, and Lincoln; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to (end for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Sir George Cooke, Knight, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that at the late Election of Burgesses, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Colchester, in the County of Essex, the Petitioner, with Stamp Brookfbank, and Samuel Tufnell, Esquires, flood Candidates: That the said Mr. Tufnell, by illegal Practices, and notorious Bribery, did procure himself to be elected, and returned, in Prejudice of the Petitioner, who, upon a fair Election, would hare had a Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned: And praying such Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Mr. White, from the Office of Ordnance, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 172#, for Land Service.

And the Title thereof was read.

The said Estimate is as follows; viz.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 172*.

LAND SERVICE.

Ordinary of the Office, comprising Repairs of Store- £ s. d, houses. Barracks, Platforms, Carriages, Stores for Garisons, Rents, Salaries, and other incident Charges 38,835 7 6

Establishments at Mahon, Gibraltar, Annapolis, Placentia,

and North Britain - - - 9,961 3 9

Pay of a Lieutenant Colonel, Officers, and additional Men, at Gibraltar, by his Majesty's Warrant, dated 1 April'

1727, for the current Year ----- *,*65 6 8

Half-pay of the Officers, that have served well in the Trains of Artillery in Flanders, Spain, and on several Expeditions - - - - . - - _ 903 — —

EXTRAORDINARIES. Towards carrying on the} (Mahon

Fortifications, Repairs f J Gibraltar

of StorehouicSft and X a 1 Annapolis Magazines, J \Placentia -

Vol. 81.

- 10,000 — —

- 10,000 — —

- 700 — —

300 ——

£. s. d.

S°'965 *7 11

91,000 — —

L

Two

Cokhefter

Elc&ioa.

Ordnance

Eftrmace.

A. i7

6* — 70 Fe

ifl

Two hundred Tons of Salt-petre - -

Towards building the Gun Wharfs at Plymouth and Chatham m Towards building, and repairing, the Barracks, and Fortifications, in Scotland For Ordnance Stores, sent in 1726 to Mahon, and over and above

the Sum granted upon Account last Year by Parliament - -

9.000 — —

6.000 — —

7.000 ——

23,476 16 4i

5 —

EXCEEDINGS, for which no Allowance hath been made by Parliament

£. s. d.

To Gibraltar, Bedding, sent by his Majesty's Warrant,?

1 Apr. 17273 Ordnance Stores, by D® 1 1727

Ditto - - - D® 29 Apr. 1727

Ditto- - - D°

Ditto - - D° 9 August, 1727

Ditto - . - - P°a6 1727

Ditto - - D® 9 January, .1727

Nine Months Pay of a Lieutenant Colonel,

i Artillery Officers, (Ac. sent last Year to

Gibraltar, on Account of the Siege, by his Majesty's Warrant, 1 April, 1727 -. Extraordinary Expences, paid by the Pay-

. maftfir of the Ordnance, by Order of the

Governor and Commanding Officers j viz.

for; Wot;krnen, Timber, Fafcines, &c. employed in the Siege, to the 31st October,

1727 - - - - .« - 12,238 3 of

L *»7>44* *4 3i

2,059

6,433

9»736

5,°57

10,415

4,866

7.678

953

17

1

3

9

3

9

4

11

6

6?

4

3

6 8

To Mahon. Ordnance Stores, sent thither by his Majesty's Warrant, 9th. 1727 -

To additional ^Delivered to the Regiments of Foot by his

Aims.

5 Majesty's Warrant, 4th , 1724^ -

Delivered to the Dragoons by his Majesty's Warrants, 14th Mar, 17^-?-, and 17th

November, 1727 -

Delivered to the Highland independent Companies in North Britain by his Majesty's Warrant, 29 March, 1727 -

Delivered to the Foot Guards per his. Majesty's Warrant, 15 September, 172,7 Delivered to the Horse Grenadier Guards by his Majesty's Warrant, 13 August 1727 -

5,741 14 —

4.545 -

676 16 —

409

656

12 —

5 —

Cka. mils. Geo. Gre,

T. Wh A. Smelt.

59*437 *9

8,794 a

12,029 7 —

80,26 r 9

£ 1197>7°4 3

3

6*

Ordered, That thelaid Estimate do lie upon the Table, and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report to be perused by the Members of the'House. the f*me, with then Option, thereupon, to the House.

Morpeth

Election.

And then the House adjourned tiftTbrmorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock,

Mercurii, 70 die Februarii;

Anno i° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1727.

Prayers.

AD AM Oldenburgh and Phillipe Dumoujlier took the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

A Petition of Robert Fenwick, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that at the late Electionof Burgesses, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Morpeth, in the County of Northumberland, the Lord Morpeth, Thomas Robinson, Esquire, and the Petitioner, flood Candidates: That by Bribery,'and other illegal Practices, used by Mr. Robinson, and his Agents, both before and at the Election, many Persons were prevailed upon to vote for Mr. Robinson; by which, and other undue Means, he hath procured himself to be eletted, and returned, in Prejudice of the Petitioner, who was duly elected by a Majority of good Votes, and ought to have been returned with the Lord Morpeth: And praying the Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and £le<Stions$

A Petition of divers of the Inhabitants, a<nd Burgofies, of the Borough of Leothinster, in the County of Hereford\ in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Burgesses, who have a Right to vote for Members, to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, was presented to the House, and read; fettipg forth, that the l*ord Wm. Bateman, Sit-Archer Croft, and Sir George Cafwall, stood Candidates for the said Borough, at the last EJe&ion of Members to serve in Parliament: That the said Lord Bateman, by himself and many Inhabitants of the said Borough, and his Steward, and Agents, did, by Treats and Bribes, illegally procure Votes forhim, and by other indi re ft Practices hath been returned a Burgess, to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, in Prejudice of the Petitioner: That Tko. Exton, then Bailiff of the said Borough, and the returning Officer, did admit many to vote at the said Election for the Lord Bateman, who had tio Right to vote, and refused others, that would have Voted against the Lord Bateman, who had a Right to vote; and a<sted with great Partiality thrbughotit the whole Election; also, after the Bailiff had cast up, and closed, the Poll, and declared the said Sir George Cafwall to have a Majority of Votes of the said Lord Bateman, and made a Return thereof to the Sheriff, yet he, with William Carpenter, who a (fled as his Clerk in taking the Poll, did privately alter the Poll, by omitting, or rating out* several Voters of Sir George Caf-wairs', and inferring the Names of several Persons, who had no Right of voting, in order to make a Majority in

favour

Leominster

Election,

r Ge&JI.

yXRebwakilZ

favour of the Lord Bafeman, to the great Detriment of the Petitioners: And pmyii^'the.House to take thfe Premises into Goiilideration, and to*give such Relief; as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Ele&idns; and that they do examine the Matter thereof* and rfepoirt the fame* With their Opiniqn thereupon* to the House.*

; . .: ' ' Vi:

Cardigan A Petition of Thomas Powell, Esquire, was prefen ted Election. to the House, and read; setting'forth, that the Election of a Knight of the Shire, to serve in this/Parliament for the County of Cardigan, came on* the 27th Day of Sep-iember, 1727;when the Petitioner*and the Lord Viscount Lisburn, were Candidates 5 and the Petitioner had the undoubted Majority of legal Votes ;bu< Mr. Lewis Lewis, the Sheriff'of "the said- County, arbitrarily and uhjdftly hath returned the said Lord Lijbum; and both of them were guilty of many illegal Practices* to the Prejudice of the Petitioner, and the legal :Electors: And praying the Consideration of the House, and Relief, in the Pfe-rmifesj<" > - ‘

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the lame, with, their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

.1 '

Andover; A Petition of several of the Approved Menyfend'Bur-

Eletfion. gefies, of the Borough of Andover, in the County of Southampton, was prefen ted to the.House* and read; Getting forth. Jthat-the said Borough of Andover is a Borough by Prescription, and Time out of mind have ftmr Two Burgesses, to represent them in Parliament:* who* have been, chosen by the said Borough, and the Menv and Inhabitants, of the fame: That Queen Elizabethy by Ler-ters Patents, dated the of May^ in the 4t ft Year

of her Reign, did grant, that the said Borough should thenceforth remain a free Borough; and that the Burgesses and Inhabitants for ever should be a Body Corporate, by the Name of the Bailiff, approved Men, and Burgesses, of the B orough of Andover; and that there should for ever after be One Bailiff, One Steward, arid Ten approved Men, and Twelve capital Burgesses; and that they should have Power of making By-Laws, and transadring such other Matters* for well government*of the said Borough; which said Charter fe the first, that ever appointed any particular or fckft.Number ot‘Persons f© take upon themselves the Government of the said Borough; and the said Charter has been confirmed by several subsequent ones; but all the Charters are entirely silent as to the Election of Members to serve in Parliament; and by whom to be chosen:That at the lad Election bf Two Burgesses, - to serve in Parliament for the said? Borough, the Candidates were the honourable "James Brudenell, Charles Colyiar, Wfn. Guidott, Abel Ketelhey, Esquires, and Matthew Skinner, Serjeant at Law: That 2a Persons, being of the le-lect Number, voted for Mr. Brudenell, 14 for Mr. Col-year, and 10 for Mr. Guidott, and 53 of the approved Men, and Burgesses (all of whom being Freemen, and Inhabitants, and have a just Rigjat) voted for Mr. Serjeant Skinner and Mr. Ketelbey+wh o had a far greater Ma* jority than Mr. Brudenelly Mr. Celyearr or Mtf. Guidott; That Abraham Tfeakle, Gentleman, Bailiffof the said Borough, and in oft of the said filed Number, acted very illegally and partially at the Election: and the Bailiff refilled to allow of the Petitioners Votes, and utterly rejected them, as disqualified Persons, though they tendered him a proper Return of Mr. Skinner and Mr. Ketelbey, so duly chofin as aforesaid: That the feled Number of 24 infill, they only have a Right to vote; so that, their Number being a few, a Majority of them have made corrupt Bargains, and divided considerable Sums of Money among themselves, for their Votes of Members, to serve for the said Borough this present Parliament; and the Bailiff, and a Majority of the fe ed Number, have returned the said Mr. Brudenell and Mr. Colyear, in Prejudice of the Peti-

Vol. 21.

tioners Right of Election: And praying such Relief in the Premises, as the Hoyfe shall think just,

Ordered, That thefiSct'Pctirion ha referred to the Confederation of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that theydo examine the Matter thereof* and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do hear the Matter of the said Petition at . the fafefee time they hear the Matter afthefPetiton of HV-liam Gujdotti Of Laver fork, in the County of Southampton, Esquire, complaining of ari undue Election and Return for the said Borough of Andover.

A: Petition of John Pope, one of the Messengers to the Serjeant at Arms attending this House* waspresented tothpJHouse, and read fitting forth, that he, being arrested in 'September, Lift, at the Suit of Henry Raine and John, Raine, in an Action of Debt, for Six hundred Pound*, was kept in Custody, until fee gave Bail to the Sheriff of Middlesex, and, in Bifcharge of his: Sureties, he afterwards put in Bill before a Judge; and the Plaintiffs, by John King, their Attorney, in January last delivered' a Declaration,'and of this present Hilary Term, gave Rules to plead, and, In Failure thereof, threatened, to sign<Judgment against the Petitioner; who Was thereupon lurfendered* in '.Diiirharge of his Bail,! and' committed to his Majesty's *Prison of the Fleet; where he continues', charged in thd said Action only: And praying the Consideration of the House, and such Relief, as the House shall think vj

And the Deputy Serjeant at Arms being called upon, and informing the House, that, the said Join Pope is; one of: tJife Serjeant'*- Meflbngers; and producing the -Serjeant V Warrant, appointing him a Meffinger;.

The said Warrarit was read. i

Ordered, That the said Petrtion.be referitd: to the: Can-sideration of the Committee of Privileges and b le&ions:; and that they do examine the Maittr tfeeterjf, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, tb the House.

Ordered, That the said John Pope be forthwith discharged from his said Confinement; and that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant accordingly.

The Order of the Day, for the House fb resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to his^ Majesty, being read;

Ordered, That the Ordinary Estimate of his Majesty's Navy, for the Year 1728, be referred to the said Committee. , "

Then the House rofclved itself intothe said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr, Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that they had cortie to same Resolutions, which they had directed- him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Turner also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolve d> That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to cowfider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the- House ac^ourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Privilege.

Supply.

44

8° Februarii. 1727.

Jovhy 8° Jit Februarii \

Anno I. Georgii II" Regis, 171*7.

Pit AY ERI.

1

Forfar A PETITION of Alexander Duncan, of Lundie, Esquire, Eicftion. was presented to, the House, and read; letting forth, that the Laws of Scotland have declared, in what Manner the Rolls of the Freeholders of each County should be made up, and that none should have a Vote in the Election, but such as are so enrolled: That at the last Election of a Member to serve in this Parliament for the County of Forfar, the Petitioner, and several Freeholders of the said County, infilled, that, if there was any Roll made up according to the said Law, the same should be produced, or, if there was none, they should then proceed to make up, and adjust, one: That there was no -Roll produced, and therefore the Petitioner, and the other Freeholders, proceeded to make up a regular Roll; and the Freeholders, so enrolled, unanimously voted for the Petitioner, to be Commissioner to Parliament for the said Counry, and directed their Clerk to certify the same to the Sheriff accordingly; but James Scotty of Logie, with some others, pretending to be Freeholders, though they had neither been formerly enrolled, nor did then produce any Evidence of their Freeholds, to ok upon them to constitute a Meeting, and admitted several Persons to vote as Freeholders, who were not such, and have made a pretended Election. of Mr. Scott; and the Sheriff Depute hath returned him, though the Clerk did return the Petitioner to the: Sheriff, as duly elected, and, as such, he ought to have been returned, in Violation of the Rights of the Freeholders: And praying such Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Chatteris The Lord Marquis of Hartington reported from the Ferry Road. Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, living in, near, and travelling through, the Road, leading from Chatteris Ferry, which divides the Isle of Ely from the County of Huntingdon, to & Place called Somersham Bridge, at Somersham Towns Endvm the said County of Huntingdon, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to feport the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as follows; viz.

j That the Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, of the 6th of February instant, have examined the Matter of the said Petition; and, to make, out: the Allegations thereof, the Petitioners called Witnesses; viz.

Mr, Dingley AJkam, Mr. John Kent, and Bartholomew Ibbott: And they, being severally examined, said, that they had travelled through the Road, mentioned in the Petition, about Four Miles in Length, often: That the tame is so very bad and ruinous in the'WinterSeafon, that several Horses and Cattle have been mired and stuck therein: And the Witnesses also gave Evidence, that the Statute-work hath been conllantly done and performed upon the said Road; yet it hath not been, nor will the same be, sufficient to keep the same in such Repair, as to make it paflfable for Horses, Cattle, and Carriages, in the Winter Season.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Road, leading from Chatteris Ferry, which divides the isle of Ely from the County of Huntingdon, to

Somersham Bridge, at Somersham Town's End, in the said County; and that the Lord Marquis of Hartington, Mr.

Bigg, Mr. Shepheard, and Mr. Henry Bromley, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Charles Turner (according to Order) reported from Supply, the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions, they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Fifteen thousand Men be employed for the Sea Service, for the Year 1728, beginning from the First Day of January, 1727.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Four Pounds per Man per Month, be allowed, for maintaining the said Fifteen thousand Men, for thirteen Months, including the Ordnance for Sea Service.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred and five thousand Five hundred Sixty-one Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Nine Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for the Ordinary of the Navy, including Half-pay for Sea Officers, for the Year 1728.

The first of the said Resolutions being read a Second time;

Resolved, nemine contra dieente, That the House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, I hat Fifteen thousand Men be employed for the Sea Service, for the Year 1728, beginning from the First Day of January, 1727.

The rest of the said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Clerk Dumbarton, of the Crown to attend with the Return for the District of *c* tleaion. Boroughs of Dumbarton, Glasgow, Rutherglen, and Ren* frew; and he attending with the said Return accordingly;

The said Return was read.

Ordered, That the Merits of the Return of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the District of Boroughs of Dumbarton, Glasgow, Rutherglen, and Renfrew, be heard at the Bar at* this House upon Thursday, the Twenty-eighth Day of Marchnext.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put,

That the Merits of the Election for the said District of Boroughs be heard at the Bar of this House at the same time the Merits of the Return for the said District of Boroughs are appointed to be heard;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House upon Thursday, the Twenty-eighth Day of March next, with the Return for the said District of Boroughs.

Mr. Cockburn, from the Commissioners for executing *r1VY Debt, the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, An Estimate of the Debt of his Majesty's Navy, as it stood on the Thirty-first Day of December, 1727.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The laid Estimate is contained in the annexed Sheet of Paper.

i Geo. II. 8° Februarii. 45

Navy-Office, 7 Aw ESTIM AT E of the Debt of his Majesty's Navy, on the Heads hereafter mentioned, 13d Jamary 1727. J as it flood on the 31st December 1727.

HEADS of the NAVAL ESTIMATES.

Wear and Tear, ordinary and extraordinary Repairs: Due, to pay off and discharge all the Bills, entered on the Course of the Navy, for Stores, istc. supplied for the Service thereof ——

mmms on navalStores, imported f Nmk

from - - - J

For the Freight of Tenders, as also for Stores delivered into his Majesty's several Yards, for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 31st December, 1727; as also to several Bills of Exchange -To his Majesty's Yards and Rope-yards, for the Ordinary and Extraordinary thereof - For Half-pay to Sea Officers, according to an Establishment, made by his late Majesty in Council, on that behalf ——

Seamen's Wages:

Due, to pay the Men unpaid on the Books of Ships paid off since the late Resolution, which, per Estimate, may require the Sum of -To Ships in Sea-pay on the abovesaid 31st December, 1727 ....

Particulars:

Course, for Pilotage, Surgeons Necessaries, Bounties to Widows and Orphans of Men flain at Sea, &c. on the Head of Seamen's Wages -

Victualling Debt; as per an Estimate, received from those Commissioners:

Due, for short Allowance to the Companies of his Majesty's Ships in Pay, and which have been paid off

For Bills on their Course, and also Bills of Exchange from foreign Parts, and for necessary, and extra-[ necessary, Money, and Wages to the Officers, Workmen, and Labourers, employed at the several Ports, &c. ——

Sick and Wounded; the Debt of that Office, as per an Estimate, received from those Commissioners j viz. Due, for the Quarters, and Cure, of sick and wounded Seamen sent alhorefrom his Majesty's Fleet, and the Contingencies relating to the said Service -

' Before this Reign. A Since this Reign.

c- £. s. d.

>324.537 — *53,322

21,937 -

481 —

| 447 20,964 — -

} 174,322 95>147

1 6,559 3 — 12,341 12 — -

I 41,391 13 2 J *,535 9 5

|428,278 194,119 \

> 3>°49 3,415 — —

) \

! 69,962 19 5 1 ! 5,383 — J

i i 383,084 1 6$ 115,091 17 9^ J

| 15,615 17 6 1,026 16 5

1,469,670 14 7! 602,545 l8 7i| 2,(

TOTAL.

s. d.

> 810,063 i£

>671,788 2 7

573,722 1 9

16,642 13 II

2,072,216 13 3

The Total amounts to the Sum of Two Million Seventy-two thousand Two hundred Sixteen Pounds

Thirteen Shillings and Three Pence.

Ja, Mighell, Ja. Acworth, Tho. Pearfet R. Burton, J. Faw/er, PPm. Clevland\

Memorandum i — There was remaining in the late and present Treasurers of the Navy's Hands, on the 31st December 1727, in Money, as under-mentioned, and may be reckoned towards satisfying the aforesaid Debt of the Navy; viz.

In what In MONET. On the Heads of TOTAL.

TREASURER'* Hands. rWear and Tear, and Ordinary. Seamen's Wages. Victuals.

Right honourable! £, /. d JT. s. d 1- * d- £. s. J.

Richard Hampden, >* Esquire. - - -J In Money - - - 1,984 7 1 67,85* 5 1$ 3,701 17 4 12>S3T 9 6i

Honourable Pattee 7 Byngy Esquire. -3 In Money - - - In Money, towards! the Debt of sick > and hurt Seamen J 18,140 2 2j *+ m — 31,407 — 9I 1,640 4 4i 10,468 11 7^ 61,655 18 nf

20,1*4 9 3i 100,898 10 3£ 14,170 8 ni *35,* 93 8 5*

Vql. 21. M Ordered

46 8° — 9" — io°

Oraerea, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris} g° die Februarii;

Anno i° Georgii IIdI Regis, 1727.

Praters.

Pel)]el A PETITION of Sir James Nafrnyth, Baronet, was

Election. fx presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that on the 8th of September last a Precept issued, in the Name of the Earl of March, Sheriff Principal, for the electing a Knight, to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Pebles; when the Petitioner, and John Douglas, Esquire, Brother to the said Earl, flood Candidates: That the said Mr. Douglas, and his Brother, being resolved to impose Mr Douglas on the Electers, did, by Threats, and otherwise, overawe the Ele&nts, and produced a pretended Roll of Electors, made up at a packed Meeting, called by the said Sheriff, *wherein were contained the Names of divers Persons, not qualified to vote, and others who had a Right of voting, were utterly omitted; which Roll was the only Rule, by which the Meeting was constituted; to which the Petitioner, and other Freeholders, protested, for that several of them were left out of it, who had been inrolled, and voted, and also had represented the Shire in Parliament, both before and fin, ce the Union; by which illegal and arbitrary Proceedings, Mr. Douglas has gotten a Majority of the pretended Electors, to colour a Return in his Favour; for which Purpose they cjiofe Alexander Williamson, one of their own Number, as Clerk; who hath returned Mr. Douglas, though the Petitioner was duly elected by a Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and give fqch Relief therein, as shall be thought fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to th^ Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elec* tions; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Building, &c. Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his

Ships. Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers, to lay before this House, an Efltimate of what n>ay be necessary for repairing, and rebuilding, his Majesty's Ships, and for the Repairs of his Majesty's Docks, for the Year 1728.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

Supply. The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, tocoiffider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, being read;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and other his Majesty's Land Forces, in Great Britain, for the Year 1728, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of his Majesty's Forces in the Plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar, for the Year 1728, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Out-pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1728, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Services incurred, and4 not provided for by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that they had come to feme Resolutions, which they 17

Februarii. 1727.

had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Torttiorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Turner also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Ways and resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Means, consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committees.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 1 o° die Februarii;

Anno i° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1727.

Prayers.

A PETITION of Sir John Statham, Knight, and Litchfield Thomas Bagshaw, Esquire, was presented to the Election. House, and read; setting forth, that at the last Election for Members, to serve in Parliament for the City oiLitchfield, the Petitioners, with Walter Chetwynd and Richard Plummer, Efiquires, (tood Candidates: That Mr. Chetwynd and Mr. Plummer made an Agreement with the Corporation of the said City, and several other principal Inhabitants, for paying £. 800. upon Condition they should be elefled Members for the said City; and great Part of the Money was paid before the Tcjle of the Writ, and the rest afterwards; and several other illegal Practices,. both as to the Indorsement of the Writ, and Notice of the Day of Election: That Mr. Chetwynd and Mr. Plummer purchased many of their Votes; divers were Tenants to the Dean and Chapter, and were threatened, their Leases should not be renewed, if they would not vote for them; and many were threatened with ecclesiastical Censures, for Incontinency: That the Petitioners had a visible Majority of the legal Voters on the Day of Election; but Mr. Chetwynd and Mr. Plummer having brought a great Number of Colliers, and other riotous Persons, into the City, who joined with the Mob, obstructed the Petitioners Voters; and the Sheriff of the City encouraged the said Mob; so that, when the Petitioners had polled about 70 Persons, their Voters were obliged to depart, finding it impossible to obtain any Justice there; by which, and many other, indirect Practices, the said Mr. Chetwynd and Mr. Plummer have procured themselves to be returned: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideratio.n of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of divers of the Freeholders, Freemen, and Burgesses, of the City of Litchfield, in behalf of themselves, and others, who have Right of voting for Members of Parliament for the said City, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, by the last Determination in Parliament, the Right of Election of Members, to serve in Parliament for the said City, is in the Bailiffs, Magistrates, Freeholders of 40 s. per Annum, and all, that hold by Burgage Tenure, and in such Freemen only, as are inrolled, paying Scotland Lot: That the Petitioners had a Right to vote at the last Election for the said City; but fori^e of them were hindered by the Peace Officers, and Agents and Servants of the Sheriff, of the said City, though they tendered their Votes to the Sheriff; and moll or all'of thefPetitioners were in Danger of their Lives, and were beaten, and wounded, by a great Mob, brought to Town, and encouraged, by Walter Chetwynd and Richard Plummer, Esquires, who stood Candidates at the said

Election;

I GEO. II. IO° —

Election; and who, by corrupt Contracts and Agreements with the Corporation of the said (pity, and other indirect Practices, have procured themselves to be returned Representatives for the said City; whereby the IJightsand Freedom of the Petitioners will be taken from them: And praying the House to redress their Grievances in such Manner, as shall be thought meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Half-pay Mr. Pelham presented to the House, pursuant to their Lift- Address to his Majesty, Lift of the reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces, and Marines, entitled to receive the Benefit of Half-pay in Great Britain, with an Estimate of the Charge thereof, for the Year 1728.

And the Title thereof was read.

Ordered That the said Lift do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Lift is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Supply. Sir Charles Turner (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions, they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Number of effective Men, to be provided for Guards and Garrisons in Great Britain, and for Guernsey and Jersey, for the Year 1728, be, including One thousand Eight hundred and Fifteen Invalids, and Five hundred Fifty-five Men, which the Six Independent Companies consist of, for the Service of the Highlands, Twenty-two thousand Nine hundred Fifty-five Men, Commission and Non-corn million Officers included.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Seven hundred Eighty-six thousand Nine hundred Seventy-four Pounds, Two Shillings, and Nine Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Chaise of the said Twenty-two thousand Nine hundred Fifty-five effective Men, for Guards, Garrisons, and other his Majesty's Land Forces, in Great Britain> Guernsey, and Jersey, for the Year 1728.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Answer to Mr. Treasurer reported to the House, that their Ad-Address, dress, of Yesterday, that his Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers, that ail Estimate of what may be necessary for repairing, and rebuilding, his Majesty's Ships, and for the Repairs of his Majesty's Docks, for the Year 1728, might be laid before this House, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he will give Directions to the proper Officers, for laying the same before this House.

Ways The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a and Means. Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Sir Charles Turner also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Vol. 21.

Februarii. 47

Resolved, That this House will, ppon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 120 die Februarii;

Anno i° Georgii lldl Regis, 1727.

Prayers.

A PETITION of Knox Ward, Esquire, was pre- Melcombe fented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner flood as a Candidate at the Election of Mem- e^lon*

bers, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Melcombe Regis, in the County of Dorset, and the Petitioner had a Majority of legal Votes; but by the partial Management of John Tucker, the then Mayor, and Thomas Cooper, the Town-clerk, of the said Borough, and by Bribery, and other indirect PraClices, Sir James Thornhill,

Knight, and William Betts, Esquire, have procured themselves to be unduly returned, to the Petitioner's Prejudice; and the Petitioner insists, that Mr. Betts is not qualified to fit in Parliament: And praying the Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Mr. Cockburn, from the Commissioners for executing Building, &c. the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, pre- Ships, fented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, An Estimate of the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs, of Ships, for the Year 1728.

And the Title thereof was read.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Estimate is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Sir Charles Turner (according to Order) reported from Ways the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- tndfoeans. ferred to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution, they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as follows; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, which by an Act of Parliament, of the Thirteenth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, have Continuance to the Twenty-fourth Day of June, 1728, be further continued, and charged upon all Malt, which shall be made, and all Mum, which shall be made, or imported, and all Cyder and Perry, which shall be made for Sale, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, from the Twenty-third Day of June, 1728, to the Twenty-fourth Day of June, 1729.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolution; and that Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Attorney-general, Mr. Solicitor-general, Mr. Clayton, Sir George Oxenden, Mr.

Scrope, and Mr. Kelfall, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for naturalizing Adam Oldenburg, and Phillipe oidenburgh't Dumouftier, was read a Second time. &c. Nat.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hucks,

Mr. Cur z on, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Crowle, Mr. Ftrnort,

Mr. Clayton, Sir. Wm. Stapleton, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Alderman Child, Mr. Lifer, Mr. Gower, Mr. Williams,

Mr.

48 i2° — r3°

Mr. Tufnetl, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Reynel, Mr. White, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Plummer, Mr. Halsey, Sir Geo. Oxenden, Mr. Gascoign, Mr. Gibson, Mr. Harrison,

Sir Wilfrid Lawson: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Chatteris The Lord Marquis of Hartington (according to Order) Feny Road. presente(] House, a Bill for repairing the Road,

leading from Chatteris Ferry, which divides the Isle of Ely From the County of Huntingdon, to Sower Qtam Bridge, at Somersham Town's End, in the said County; and the same was received, and read the Firfc time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Supply The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, being read;

Ordered, That the Lilt of the reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, entitled to receive the Benefit of Half-pay in Great Britain, with an Estimate of the Charge thereof, for the Year 1728, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Turner also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Treaties with Mr. Treasurer acquainted the House, that he had

Spain, received his Majesty's Commands to lay before this France, &c. House, Copies of several Treaties, Alliances, and other Papers.

And he presented the same to the House, together with Lists of them.

And the said Lifts were read; and are as follow; viz. Copy of the Treaty between Great Britain and Spain, concluded at Madrid the Thirteenth of June, N. S. 1721.

Translation of the Treaty between Great Britain and tpain, concluded at Madrid the Thirteenth of June, N. S. 1721.

Copy of the defensive Alliance between Great Britain, France, and Spain, concluded at Madrid the Thirteenth of June, N. S. 1721.

Translation of the defensive Alliance between Great Britain, France, and Spain, concluded at Madrid the Thirteenth of June, N. S. 1721.

Copy of the separate Article of the defensive Alliance between Great Britain, France, and Spain, concluded at Madrid, June the Thirteenth, 1721, N. S.

Translation of the separate Article of the defensive Alliance between Great Britain, France, znd Spain, concluded at Madrid, June the Thirteenth, 17 21, N. S.

Copy of another separate Article of the defensive Alliance between Great Britain, France, and Spain, concluded at Madrid, June the Thirteenth, N. S. 1721.

Translation of another separate Article of the defensive Alliance between Great Britain, France, and Spain, concluded at Madrid, June the Thirteenth, N. S. 1721.

Copy of the preliminary Articles, signed at Paris, May the Thirty-first, 1727, N. S.

Translation of the preliminary Articles, signed at Paris, May the Thirty-first, 1727, N. S.

Februarii. A. 1727.

Copy of the Declaration, signed by Mr. Walpole at Paris, May the Thirty-first, 1727, N. S.

Translation of the Declaration, signed by Mr. Walpole at Paris, May the Thirty-first, 1727, N. S.

Copy of the Duke of Bournonville's Declaration, signed at Vienna, June the Thirteenth, N. S. 1727.

Translation of the Duke of Bournonville's Declaration, signed at Vienna, June tire Thirteenth, 1727, N. S.

Copy of the King and Kingdom of Sweden's Accession to the Treaty of Hanover, dated at Stockholm the Fourteenth of March, 172^; and Translation.

Copy of the separate Articles, and the secret one belonging to the said Accession, dated the Fourteenth of March, 172*; and Translation.

Copy of the Treaty between Great Britain, France, and Denmark, dated at Copenhagen the Sixteenth of April, 1727; and Translation.

Copy of the separate and secret Articles belonging to the said Treaty, dated at Copenhagen the Sixteenth of April, 1727; and Translation.

Copy of the Treaty between Great Britain and the Duke of Bnmswick Luncnburgh Wolfenbutiel, dated at Westminster the Twenty-fifth of November, 1727; and Translation.

Copy of the separate Article belonging to the said Treaty, dated at WeJiminJLr the said Twenty-fifth of November, 1727; and Translation.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Copies, and Translations, are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martisf 130 die Februarii;

Anno 1* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1727.

Prayers.

A PETITION of Thomas Morgan, Esquire, Bar- Newt* nabas Leigh, Esquire, David Urry, Esquire, Geo. Wcaion. Draper, the younger, Gentleman, Robert Morgan, Esquire,

Richard Taylor, Physician, the Reverend John Gilbert,

Clerk, Morgan Callhan, Esquire, George Oglander, Esquire,

John Read, Gentleman, the Reverend Mr. Thomas Ter* rell, Clerk, Maurice Buckland, Esquire, Edmund Potts, and Robert Harvey, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners are legally entitled to a Burgage Tenure, or Borough Land, belonging to the Newtown, in the Isle of Wight, Com' Southampton, and thereby have a Right to be sworn in Burgesses, to vote for Members to serve in Parliament, according to ancient Usage: That on the last Day of Election to Parliament the Petitioners demanded to be sworn, and tendered their Title Deeds; but the Mayor refused to read them, or to admit the Petitioners to poll, alleging, that they were not Burgesses, because they were not sworn:

And praying such Relief in the Premises, as the House shall think meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruiflion to the said Committee, that they do hear the Matter of the said Petition at the same time they hear the Matter of the Petition of the honourable Charles Armand Powlet, Esquire, and Sir John Barrington, Baronet, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough of Newtozvn.

A Petition of the major Part of the Burgesses of the Beaumaris Borough of Beaumaris, in the County of Anglesey, was Ele&iotv presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that all

the

i Geo. II. 13° Febtuafii. 49

Beaumaris

Elc&ion.

Bath

Election.

Ditto.

the Burgesses of Beaumaris have a Right to vote for a-Burgess, to serve in Parliament for the Shire Town of Anglesey: That at the last Election there the Candidates were Henry Bertie, Wat kin Williams Wynne, and William Bodvell, Esquires; and the Petitioners tendered their Votes for Mr. Bodvell; but John Rowlands* the Mayor, and Maurice Evans and John Green, the Bailiffs, of the Borough of Beaumaris, illegally returned the said Mr. Wynne, though Mr. Bodvell... a Majority of legal Votes; and the said Mayor and Bailiffs were guilty of several other illegal and undue Practices: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee of Privileges and Eieftions; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do hear the Matter of the said Petition at the same time they hear the Matter of the Petition of Wm. Bodvell, Esquire, complaining of an undue Ele61 ion and Return for the said Borough of Beaumaris.

A Petition of the Burgesses of the Borough of Newburgh, in the County of Anglesey, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners have a Right to vote for a Burgess, to serve in Parliament for the Shire Town of the County of Anglesey; and at the last Election there Henry Bertie, Watkin Williams Wynne, and Wm. Bodvelly Esquires, flood Candidates; and the Petitioners then were present, and tendered their Votes; but the Mayor and Bailiffs of Beaumaris reje6ted them, and have illegally returned Mr. Wynne, although Mr. Bodvell had a Majority of legal Votes; and the MaySr and Bailiffs were guilty of many other undue Practices: And praying Relief therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Eieftions; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report tire fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do hear the Matter of the said Petition at the same time they hear tire Matter of the Petition of Wm. Bodvell) Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough of Beaumaris.

A Petition of Harry Bridges, of Keynjlmm, in the County of Somerset, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner, together with Lieutenant General Wade, and Robert Gay, Esquire, flood Candidates for the City of Bath, in the said County; and the Petitioner was duly cltofen by a great Majority of the Citizens, Freemen, and Buigefles, amounting to Sixty-five legal Votes; and the Mayor, Aldermen, and Sheriffs, who presided at the Election, refused several other legal Voters, who offered to vote for the Petitioner, and dosed the Poll, as soon as they had polled tire Mayor, Aldermen, and Common-council, of the said City; and byother illegal Practices tire said Mr. Gay, who had but Seventeen Votes, has procured himself to be returned, in Prejudice to the Petitioner: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee of Privileges and Eieftions; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.'

A Petition of the Citizens, Freemen, and Butgelfts, of the said City of Bathy whose Names are thereunto fub-icribed, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of their Feftow Citizens, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that for several Years past the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common-council, of the said City have affirmed to themselves/exclusive of the Petitioners, the foie R % bt of electing Members to represent the said City in Parliament, infiftingupon such illegal Pra6lice, as an ancient Custom, although such Right is granted to the Petitioners by Charter; which is also apparent by the Direction of the Precept, vizK To John frevylian, Baronet, Vox. «JL

vice-tom' Somerset predict' ex tma parte, et ntajorem, al-d'r'os, et ewes, civil* Bath on in comit' prxdiST ex altera parte; which can never be understood to signify the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common-council, exclusive of the Petitioners: That at the last Election the Petitioners did offer their Votes for Lieutenant-General Wade, and Harry Bridges, Esquire; but the Mayor and Aldermen refused their Votes, and closed the Poll, as soon as they had polled the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common-council; and they have returned Mr. Robert Gay, as a Member duly elected, to the manifest Prejudice of Mr. Bridges, who had Sixty-five legal Votes, and Mr. Gay but Seventeen:

That the Petitioners beg leave to make a Parallel of their same with that of the Freemen of the City of Wells, who were for several Years denied the Freedom of voting for Members, to serve in Parliament, by the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common-council, who assumed to themselves the foie Right of electing; but, upon a Petition of the Freemen of Wells to this House, it was resolved a* die Maii, 1723, That the Right of Election of Citizens, to serve in Parliament for the City of Wells, in the County of Somerset, was in the Mayor, Matters, and Burgesses, of the said City, and in such Persons, as are, by Consent of the Mayor and Common-council of the said City, admitted to their Freedom in any of the Seven trading Companies in the said City, or on account of Birth, Servitude, or Marriage: That the Petitioners also humbly hope, they are entitled to the same Rights and Privileges: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to confirm them in their just Rights and Privileges.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee of Privileges and Eieftions $ and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of the Bailiffs, Aldermen, and Burgesses, of Carmarthen' the Borough of Landovery, held by ancient Charter, and Election. in the County of Carmarthen, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners tendered their Votes at the last Election of a Member, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Carmarthen; but the Officers, who took the Poll, refused their Votes; objecting, they had no Right to vote there: That there has not been a contcfted Election for the said Borough of Carmarthen within the Memory of Man, until this last, and the Petitioners, and their Ancestors, Votes were never doubted: That by the Statutes, made for electing Bur- . geffes for the Twelve Shires in Wales, the Petitioners apprehend, they have the like Voice to choose the Burgess in such Manner, as the Borough of Carmarthen have and use; by which Means the Rights and Privileges of the Petitioners arc wrested from them by the returning Officers of Carmarthen: And praying the House to take their Rights and Privileges into Consideration, and determine the fame.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this National House, an Account of such of the national Debts, incur- Debts red before the Twenty-fifth of December, 1716, as are rc- redeemablt. deemable by Parliament, writh the Interest, or Annuity, attending the -fame, and when the same are redeemable.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this Duties House, an Account of the Money, paid into the Exche- on Coals* quer, arisen upon the Duties on Coals and Culm, (continued by an Act, of the Fifth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, for building new Churches, and for the Supply of that Year) from the Twenty-ninth Day of September,

1720, to the Twenty-ninth Day of September, 1727, distinguishing each Year; and also an Account of the present annual and other Charges thereupon.

Sir Charles Turner presented to the House (according N to

Supply Bill; Duties on Malt, &c«

5°

to Order) a Bill for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England\ and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon M*lr, Mum, Cyder, and Perry in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year 1728; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Refulved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Supply. Sir Charles Turner (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the llesolutions, they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were re.td; and are as follows; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Fifty-eight thousand and Nine Pounds, Ten Shillings and Eleven Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for maintaining his Majesty's Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, ME norca, and Gibraltar, and for Provisions for the Garrisons at Annapolis Royal, Placentia, and Gibraltar, for the Year 1728.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Ten thousand Eight hundred Fcrty-seven Pounds, Fifteen Shillings, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, for Out-pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1728.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Fifty thousand Four hundred Twenty-eight Pounds, Sixteen Shillings, and Ten Pence Three Farthings, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying several extraordinary Expences and Services, incurred, and not provided for by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Fifty-eight thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, to reduced Officers of his Majesty s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and twenty-eight.

The laid Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 140 die Februarii \

Anno i° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1727.

Prayers.

Buford A PETITION of several Burgesses, Freemen, and

Flection. xjL Inhabitants, of the Borough of Bedford, in the County of Bedford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many other Burgesses, Freemen, and Inhabitants, of the said Borough, waspresented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Election of Burgesses, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough, was on the 15th Day of August 1727; when Samuel Ongley, James Metcalfe, John Orlebar, and John Thurloe Brace, Esquires, were Candidates: That the Poll was for Mr. Ongley 465, for Mr. Metcalfe 462, for Mr. Orlebar 240, and for Mr. Brace 236: That the Poll being so doled, Mr. Lake, the then Mayor, declared Mr. Ongley and Mr. Brace duly elected, as in truth they were, and ought to have been returned; yet by some undue Means the said Mr. Orlebar and Mr. Brace are returned: And praying such Consideration and Relief of the House, as shall be thought just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do hear the Matter of the said Petition at

1727*

the same time they hear the Matter of the Petition of Samuel Ongley, and James Metcalfe, Esquires, complaining of an undue Return for the said Borough of Bedford.

A Petition of John Tuckwell, William Bradford, RE Wallingford chard Dunn, Edward Bradford, William Gum, and James Election. Bennett, in behalf of themselves, and of several other of the Inhabitants of the Borough of Wallingford, in the County of Berks, having a Right to vote for Burgesses, to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that Geo.

Lewen, William Hucks, isaac Leheup, and Richard Bigg,

Esquires, were Candidates at the last Election of Burgesses, to serve in this Parliament for the said Borough: That Mr. Lewen, by most notorious Bribery, and other illegal Practices, by himself, the Mayor, then being Town-clerk, and other Agents, and by using Menaces to many of the Electors, and by Promises of distributing Charities, did procure great Numbers of Votes for him, and many Persons were admitted by the Mayor to vote for him, who had no Right; and by such undue Means the said Mr. Lewen hath procured himself to be returned, as duly elected, although he was altogether a Stranger to the Electors till a very few Days before the Election:

And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Richard Bigg, of Bear Court, in the Ditto. County of Berks, Esquire, was prefen ted to the House, and read; setting forth, that at the last Election of Burgesses, to serve in this Parliament for the Borough of Wallingford, in the said County, Geo. Lewen, William Hucks, isaac Leheup, Esquires, and the Petitioner, Hood Candidates: That it appeared, upon the Poll, that Mr.

Lewen had 93 Votes, Mr. Hucks 93, Mr. Leheup 55, and the Petitioner^; and thereupon Richard Wing,

Mayor of the said Borough, has thought fit to return Mr. Lewen, and Mr. Hucks, to serve for the said Borough; but Mr. Hucks, by Bribery, Threats, Promises, and other unjust and illegal Practices, did seduce divers of the Electors to vote for him, who would otherwise have voted for the Petitioner; and the Petitioner had a Majority of legal Voters, and ought to have been returned:

And praying such Relief in the Premises, as shall be agreeable to Justice.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of George Abington, Esquire, was presented Milborn Port to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Peti- Election, tioner, with Thomas Medlicott, Michael Harvey, and William Lock, Esquire, stood Candidates at the late Election of Members to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Milborn Port, in the County of Somerset:

That the said Mr. Medlicott, by illegal and indirect Practices, procured himself to be elected, and returned, one of the Burgesses for the said Borough, in Prejudice to the Petitioner: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Henry Ludlozv Coker, Esquire, was pre- Wareham fented to the House, and read; setting forin, that at the Election, late Election of Members to Parliament for the Borough oiWareham, in the County of Dorset, Sir Edward Ernie,

Baronet, Joseph Gascoign, Esquire, and the Petitioner, stood Candidates: That Mr. Gascoign had not, at the time of the Election, an Estate sufficient to qualify him to fit in Parliament,

13b — 140 Februarii

1 Geo. It.

51

Parliament, and was otherwise dtfqualified by Law; and therefore the Petitioner ought to have been returned, as duly elected, in his Place: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and relieve him therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the C011-sideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of the Aldefmen, and Common Council, of i)# the Borough and Corporation of Liverpoole, in the County

Palatine of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that, by the Charter and Constitution of the said Corporation, a Mayor is to be elected upon St. Luke's Day in every Year, who hath power to make a Deputy, to act for him in his Absence *, and accordingly on St. Luke's Day, in 1726, Thomas Bootle, Esquire, was elected Mayor, took the Oath to execute the said Office, and he, or his Deputy, acted as such until the 25th Day of July last; when Mr. Bootle, having an Intention to represent the said Borough in Parliament, and being con-feious, that, as Mayor, he could not make a legal Return of himself, he thought fit to make use of the most extraordinary and unusual Methods to quit the said Office, and, in Violation of his Oath, and Duty of his Office, and, without Precedent, lie took upon him to summon the Burgesses to assemble in the common Hall on Tuesday\ the First Day of August last, to accept of a Surrender of his laid Office; at which time Mr. Bootle executed a Sur- render of his said Office, whereby it became void, as he

pretended; to supply which Vacancy he prevailed upon the then Bailiffs, John Martindale and Robert Whitfield, and some few of the Freemen, to summon the Burgesses to appear at the said Common-hall on the 5th of August last, to elect a new Mayor in the room of Mr. Bootle; and some few then met, and chose one Alderman George Tyrer to be Mayor for the remaining Part of the Year; and he took upon him to act as Mayor till St. Luke's Day last: That at the late Eieftion of Members to Parliament for the said Borough, the said Mr. Bootle, Thomas Brereton,

Wm. Cotefworthy and Thomas Ashurst, Esquires, were Candidates, and flood a Poll; at which time the said George Tyrer presided as Mayor: That Mr. Bootle being at that time absent from Liverpoole, the Petitioners, apprehending he dill continued Mayor, infilled by their Counsel, that the said late Bailiffs should superintend the said Election, and make a Return of such Persons, as the Petitioners, and the Majority of the Burgesses should choose; but Tyrer, notwithstanding, returned Mr. Bootle one of the Members for the said Borough: That the Petitioners are by much the greater Number of the Aldermen and Common-council of the Corporation, and would have sooner presented this Petition under the common Seal of the fame, had not Mr. John Hughes, who now acts as Mayor, and who is influenced by Mr. Bootle, refused to meet them in Council at the stated Times, and according to the ancient Practice and known By-laws of the Corporation: And praying the House to take these extraordinary Proceedings of the said Mr. Bootle, George Tyrer, John Martindale, and Robert Whitfield, into Con fid e-ratiens, and form such Resolutions thereupon, as shall be thought fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Maidenhead, Mr. Potenger reported from the Committee, to whom Rrads l^e ^et^on ^1C several Trustees, named in an Act of Parliament, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of iiis late Majesty King George, intituled, u An Act for repairing the Highways from Maidenhead Bridge to Sunning Lane End, next to Twyford\ in the Road to Reading, 44 and from the said Bridge to Henly Bridge, in the Coun-4‘ ty of Berks," and of several other Inhabitants and Persons residing near to, and frequenting, the said Roads, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Peti-Vql. 21.

tion, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as follows;

viz.

That the Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, dated the 5th of February instant, proceeded to examine the Matter of the said Petition: And, to prove the Allegations of the fame, the Petitioners produced the said Act, of the 4th Year of his late Majesty 5 whereby it appeared, that several Tolls and Duties were granted, for repairing the said Highways, for the Term of One-and-twenty Years.

Humphry Ambler, Esquire, being examined, said, that at the time the said Act passed, the said Highways, in Length Sixteen Miles, were so very bad, that the Trustees were obliged to lay out a considerable Sum of Money, in order to make the same passable in all Parts: And healfo livid, that the Parishioners had constantly done the Statute-work in the Parishes through which the said Highways lead.

That the said Mr. Ambler laid before the Committee an Account, whereby it appeared, that £. 850 is due on the Credit of the said Act which Sum carries Interest; and the Toll, after all Charges and Outgoings paid and allowed, does not bring in, one Year with another, more than £. 401. 10s.

That it appeared to the Committee, by the Evidence of the said Mr. Ambler, and of John Ray, and Rickard Rose, that great Care had been taken by the Trustees to amend the said Roads; notwithstanding which, several Parts of them continue bad, especially in the Winrer Seafcn: And they further said, that the said Highways cannot be effectually repaired, and kept amended, for the Accommodation of Travellers, without the Term, granted by the said Act, be enlarged, and the same Act made more effectual.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making more effectual an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, intituled> 44 An Act for repairing the Highways from Maidenhead tc Bridge to Sunning Lane End, next to Twyford, in the 4C Road to Reading, and from the said Bridge to Henley Bridge, in the County of Berks-," and that Mr. Potenger, Mr. Richard Thompson, Sir John Stonhouse, and Sir Wm. Stapleton, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Bill for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year 1728, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of John Hardman, Merchant, Samuel Done, Gentleman, and John Latham, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Burgesses of the Borough of Liverpoole, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, on behalf of themselves, and divers other Burgesses of the said Borough, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that at the last Election of Burgesses, to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, Thomas Bootle, Thomas Breve-ton, Thomas Ashurfi, and Wm. Cotesworth, Esquires, were Candidates; and by a Majority of legal Votes Mr. AshurJt was duly elected, and ought to have been returned; but Mr. Bootle, and Mr. Brereton, and their Agents, were guilty of several illegal Practices, and, tho* uncapable of being elected, or returned, and not qualified to fit in Parliament, yet have, by undue Means, procured themselves to be returned for the said Borough; so that the Petitioners are

Supply Bill; Duties on Mali, dec.

Liverpoole

Election.

Vimiriunjr Mutiny and Desertion.

Encouraging

Volunteer

Seamen.

Supply.

Guildford

Writ.

5*

ore not duly represented in Parliament: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and relieve them therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the feme, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do hear the Matter of the said Petition at the feme time they hear the Matter of the Petition of William Cotsworth, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough of Liverpool.

Ordfredy That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for punishing Mutiny and DefCon, and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters; and that Mr. Pelham and Mr. Jacotob do prepare, and bring in, the feme.

A Motion tvas made, and the Question proposed, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for encouraging Seamen, entering voluntarily into his Majesty's Service:

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for encouraging Seamen, entering voluntarily into his Majesty's Service; and that Mr. Cockburn, Mr. Mo/yneux, Sir Wm. Strickland, the Lord Malpas, Sir John Norris, Mr. Barnard, and Mr. Mortice, do prepare, and bring in> the fame.

The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself i'nto-a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, being read;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Two Thousand Two hundred Twenty-four Horse, One thousand tight hundred Thirty-six Dragoons, and Eight thousand Thirty-four Loot, of the Troops of his High-irefs the Landgrave of Hffe CaJJell, for the Year One thoUfend Seven hundred and Twenty-eight, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr; Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles 'Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

&ir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that they had come to a Resolut'son, which they had directed him to report, When the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Turner also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may fatve Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovisy 15* die Februarii;

Anno Georgii II‘tt Regis, 1727.

1727.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough oi Guildford, in the County of Surrey, in the room of the said Mr, Onslow.

Henry Cunninghame, Esquire, being chosen a Commissioner for the Shire of Sterling, and also a Burgess for the Didrift of Burghs of Sterling, Inverkeithing, Dumfermling, Queensferry, and Culrofs, in the said Shire, made his Election, to serve for the said Shire of Sterling.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said District of Burghs of Sterling, Inverkeithing, Dum* fermling. Queensferry, and Culrofs, in the room of the said Mr. Cunning hame.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Queenborough, in the County of Kent, in the room of John Crowley, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, lor tire electing a Baron, to serve in this present Parliament for the Port of Hyeth, in the County of Kent, in the room of Sir Samuel Lennard, Baronet, deceasecl.

The honourable Thomas Townshend, Esquire, being chosen a Burgess for the University of Cambridge, and also a Baron for the Port of Hajlings, in the County of SuJJ'ex, made his Election, to serve for the said University of Cambridge.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Baron, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Port of Hajlings, in the room of the said Mr. Townshend.

Thomas Lewis, Esquire, being chosen a Citizen for the City of New Sarum, in the County of Wilts, and also a Burgess for the Borough of Buckingham, in the County of Bucks, made his Election to ferVfe for the said City of New Sarum.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Buckingham, in the room of the said Mr. Lewis.

Sir Orlando Bridgeman, Baronet, being chosen a Burgess for the Borough of Blechingley, in the County of Surrey, and also a Burgess for the Borough of Lefiwithiel, in the County of Cornwall, made his Election to serve for the said Borough of Blechingley.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Lefiwithiel, in the room of the said Sir Orlando Bridgeman, Baronet.

Mr. Potenger presented to the House (according to Order) a Bill for making more effectual an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, intituled, "An Act for repairing the Highways " from Maidenhead Bridge to Sunning Lane End, next to cc Twyford, in the Road to Reading, and from the said " Bridge to Henly Bridge, in the County of Berks;99 and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

14* — 1 Februarii.

Sterling

District

Writ.

Queen-

borouri*

Writ.

Hyeth Writ.

HalHngt

Writ.

Buckineham

Wru.

Lefiwithiel

Writ.

Maidenhead, &c. Road*.

Prayers.

AR THUR Onflozv, Esquire, Speaker of this House, being chosen a Knight of the Shire for the County of Surrey, and also a Burgess for the Borough of Guildford, in the same County, made his Election to serve for the County of Surrey.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Knight of the Shire, to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Sussex, in the room of the Right honourable Sir Spencer Compton, Knight of the Bath, now Lord Wilmington, called up to the House of Feers.

15 Ordered\

Sussex Write-

GOOgfe

B

t.

i Geo. II. 150- — i 6° Februarii. 53

Rutland

Writ.

Ay le (bury Writ,

Tiverton

Writ*

©gin, &c» Writ.

Russia . Company.

Supply.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ* for the electing a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Rutland, in the room of John Noel, Esquire, deceased.

The honourable Sir William Stanhope, Knight of the Bath, being chosen a Knight of the Shire for the County of Bucks, and alfoa Burgess for the Borough of Aylejburys in the said County, made his Election, to serve for the said County of Bucks.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Aylesbury, in the room of the said Sir IVm. Stanhope.

Sir Wm. Tonge, Knight of the Bath, being chosen a Burgess for the Borough of Honitbn, in the County of Devon, and also a Burgess for the Borough of 'Tiverton, in the said County, made his Election, to serve for the said Borough of Honiton.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Tiverton, in the room of the said Sir Wm. Yonge.

William Stewart, Esquire, being chosen a Burgess for the District of Burghs of Air, Irvine, Rothesay, Inverary, and Camp belt on, in the Shire of Air, and also a Burgess for the Did rids of Burghs of Elgin, Bamff, Cullen, Kintore, and Inverurie, in the Shire of Elgin, made his Election, to serve for the said first mentioned District of Burghs.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said last mentioned District: of Burghs of Elgin, Bamff, Cullen, Kintore, and Inverurie, in the room of the said Mr. Stewart.

A Petition of the Fellowship of English Merchants, for Discovery of new Trades, commonly called the Russia Company, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the said Company was incorporated by Charter of King Philip and Queen Mary, which' Charterwas confirmed by Act of Parliament, in the Eighth Year of Queen Elizabeth: That by an Act, of the Tenth and-Eieventh Year of King William, to enlarge the Trade to Russia, every subject of this Realm, desiring Admission into the said Fellowship, is to be admitted, upon Payment of Five Pounds; since which great Numbers of Merchants, as well in the City of London, as in the Out-ports of this Kingdom, have been admitted to their Freedom: That in July last Mr. Anthony Da Costa, a Jew, demanded Admission into the said Fellowship, although not one of that Nation had ever before pretended to such a Demand; but the Company apprehending, it was doubtful, whether Jews were intended by the said Act to be admitted into the said Fellowship, and that great Inconveniencies might arise by the Admission of Jews into the fame, they refused him: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and give Leave fora Bill to be brought in, for explaining the said Act, as the House shall think fit.

And the House being moved, that the Ad, of the Tenth and Eleventh Years of King William, mentioned in the said Petition, might be read;

The same Was read accordingly.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Seven-night next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

Sir Charles Turner (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Vol. 21.

Majesty, the Resolution, they had directed him to report to the House 5 which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's. Table; where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred and thirty thousand Nine hundred and Twenty-three Pounds, eleven Shillings, and Eight Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Expence of Twelve thousand Hessians, taken into his Majesty's Pay, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-eight.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The other Order of the Day, for the House td refoive Supply Bill; itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill on

fot continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and a c* *c Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt,

Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-eight, being read;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, to drest* that the Deficiency, which shall be on the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand Sevenhundred and Twenty-eight, of the Income of the Duties on Malt, granted for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-six, to satisfy Principal and Interest chargeable thereupon, be made good out of the Supplies, granted for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-eight.

Then the House resolved ittelf into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereurito j which they had directed him to report, when the House will plenfe to receive the farile.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 16* die Februarii;

Anno i# Georgii IF* Regis, 1727.

Prayers.

np H E House being informed, that Mr. Chocke, from fratidnal

S the Exchequer, attended at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to reJee, Tiabfc-their Order,

An Account of such of the national Debts, incurred before the Twenty-fifth Day of December, 17.6, as are redeemable by Parliament, with the Interest, or Annuity, attending the fame, and when the same are redeemable; and also,

An Account of the Monies, paid into the Exchequer, Duties on arisen upon the Duties on Coals and Culm, continued Coals, Scq< by an Act, of the Fifth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, for building new Churches, and for the Supply of that Year, from the Twenty-ninth Day of September, 1720, to the Twenty-ninth Day of September, 1727, distinguishing each Year; and also an Account of the present annual and other Charges thereupon.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are contained in the annexed Sheets of Paper.

O To

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled:

An ACCOUNT of such of the National Debts, incurred before the 25th of December, 1716, as are redeemable, by Parliament, with the Interest, or Annuity attending the fame, and

when the same are redeemable.

<-n

4

To the South Sea Company, on their capital Stock, Ad 90 Georgii Regis primi -

To them more, ovSouth Sea Annuities, Ad Pari. prad.

To the East India Company - - "

Tothe Bank of England, on their original Fund....

D* for cancelling Exchequer Bills, 7* Anna -

D° for cancelling Exchequer Bills, 3* Georg, primi - "

D° for so much purchased by them of the South Sea Company - -

To Exchequer 'Orders for Army Debentures, remaining unpaid -

D° for Nevis Debentures - -

There remains £. 2,260. on the Lottery 1713, at £.4 per Cent. per Annum, payable in Course out of the annual Sum of ^.35,000. taken out of the Civil List Revenues.

Memorandum: — In the above Sums, stated to be due for South Sea Stock, and South Sea Annuities, the Sum of £.434,605. part of the Lottery on Coal Duty, by the Ad, 50 Georg, primi, which was subscribed into the South Sea Stock, is included; which was a Debt con traded since the 25th of December, 1716, but, being involved in their whole capital Stock, could not be otherwise distinguished.

Exchequer,

16th Day of February* 1727.

Principal.

Interest or Annuity.

Total

£ s.

16.901.241 17 —

16.901.241 17 — j.

3.200.000 -

1.600.000 -

i>775>°27. >7 >of

1,000,000 ——

4,000,000 ——

218,165 16 4*

68,534 H

£. 4 per Cent.

D* - - ->

£ 5 Pn Cent-

When the tame are redeemable.

£. 6 per Cent.

£. 4 per Cent.

D° - - -D° -

£.5 per Cent.

46,664,211 9 5

Alexander Chocke.

After Midsummer, 1727, by paying the Whole, or not lese than £.500,000. at a time.

- - - - D*

Upon Three Years Notice, after the 25th of March9 *733-

12 Mo. Notice, after ift August, 1742.

After Midsummer, 17 27, by paying the Whole, or not less than £. 500,000. at a time.

- - - - D°.

Which Sum, is presumed, will be paid off by the Sinking Fund at Lady-day, 1728.

Upon Vote, or Resolution, of the House of Commons, signed by their Speaker in Writing, to be inserted in the London Gazette, and affixed on the Royal Exchange, London, at any of the Four most usual Feasts in the Year.

to

sd

'iwnuqzj 091

Dispositi#n of Grants.

Geo. II. 16° Februarii.

55-

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled:

An ACCOUNT of the Money, paid into the Exchequer, arisen upon the Duties on Coals and Culm, continued by an Act, of the Fifth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, for building new Churches, and for the Supply of that Year, from the 29th Day of September, 1720, to the 29th Day of September, 1727, distinguishingeach Year; and also an Account of the present'annual and other Charges thereupon.

Produce of Coals, Sfr.

"From Michaelmas, 1720, to Michaelmas, 1721 -From Michaelmas, 1721, to Michaelmas, 1722 -From Michaelmas, 1722, to Michaelmas, 1723 -/ From Michaelmas, 1723, to Michaelmas, 1724 -From Michaelmas, 1724, to Michaelmas, 1725 -From Michaelmas, 1725, to Michaelmas, 1726 -v From Michaelmas, 1726, to Michaelmas, 1727 -

68,619 10l

68,791 8 10

6 ;,246 17 n|r 66,855 9 —

65»SH «3 — I

68,914 6 4|

69,629 8 7*

Total - - £ 471*5~2 — 9 -

Present annual and other Charges thereupon.

An Annuity of £. 21,000. per Annum, fox the remaining Term of 32 Years, from"} the 23th of March, 1719, for the railing £. 360,000. for the building f Churches, by an Act 50 Georg, primi, on the Register whereof there

remains undischarged in Loans, at £. 4 per Cent, per Annum There also remains to be raised out of the said £. 21,000. per Annum, to complete the said £. 360,000. ——

An Annuity of 17,384. 4*. payable to the South Sea Company, in respect of that Part of the id Lottery, 1719, which was subscribed into thrir Stock, besides a proportionable Allowance for Charges of Management, which is redeemable at ——

Exchequer Bills, by the Act 130 Georg. primi -

C s. d 90,000 — —

103,140 — --

434.605 —

338,800 —

Exchequer,

16th Day of February, 1727.

Total - - L 96&>545 ——

Alexander CJiocke.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the disposed of, distinguished under the several Heads, until Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. the Fifteenth Day of February, 1727, with the Deficiency

thereupon.

The House being informed, that Mr. Frecker, from And then he withdrew, the Treasury, attended at the Door, he was called in, and, And the Title of the said Account was read,

at the Bar, prefen ted to the House, pursuant to their The said Account is contained in the annexed Shetft

Address to his Majesty, An Account, shewing, how the of Paper.

Money, given for the Service of the Year 1727, hath been

Vol. 51.

An

ACCOUNT, shewing, how the Money, given for the Service of the Year 17 2 7, hath been dispolecJ of, distinguished under the several Heads, until the 1-5 tH Day of February, 1727>

and the Parts thereof remaining unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereupon,

OS

SERVICES.

n f For the Ordinary of the Navy, and for Half-pay to Sea Officers

S'> For Victuals, Wages, and Wear and Tear of the Navy, and the Victualling thereof, and for Sea

>5 8 / " ‘ c J-

C/3

: £ 199,071 7

d.

s

Services in the Office' of Ordnance

- 1,040,000 — —

tJ J.

U <U

c cn

w*___.

C T3 . X? C <L» Jr u

C *-l

For Ordnance, Land Services, for the Year 1727, and towards the extraordinary Stores sent to Gibraltar, 1727- - - - -.....- -

c

<U

'u

4J

P

ffor defraying the Charge of 26,383 effective Men, for Guards, Garrisons, and Land Forces, Anno 1727 For maintaining his Majesty's Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar, Anno 1 727 Upon Account of Out-pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, Anno 1727 " *

I Upon Account of Haif-pay to reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces, and Marines, Anno 1727 ( For defraying several extraordinary Expences, and Services, incurred, and not provided for by Parliament To complete the Sum of£. 12 $,000 due and payable to the Landgrave of HeJeCaJJ'el, pursuant to Treaty Upon Account, for the Subsidy to the Landgrave of Hess'eCaJjel, and the Payment of 12,000 of his For-ces, to be taken into his Majesty's Service, and for Forage, Waggon Money, &c. pursuant to Treaty

r To make good the Deficiency of the Grants, Anno 1726 - . - -

1 To make good the Deficiency of the General Fund 0^.724,849. 6s. 10 \d. per Annum, for the Year 5 ended at Michaelmas, 1726 -

I For Principal and Interest, remaining unsatisfied on the Land Tax, Anno 1725, on 29th September, 1727 L For Principal and Interest, remaining unsatisfied on the Duties on Malt, Anno 1723, on 29th April, 1727

To the King of Sweden, in pursuance of the Treaty of Accession to the Treaty of Hanover - For other Expences, and Engagements, for securing the Trade and Navigation of this Kingdom, and preserving and restoring the Peace of Europe, by virtue of a Clause in an Act of Parliament, palfed in the 13th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty....

To particular Sum granted, but paid

'Pile Grants, towards supplying the said Services.

£> /. d

-jCOo,oooo ----- ----- --By the Land Tax, Anno 1727.

750.000 — — By the Malt Act, Anno 1727.

14,9^5 10 21 By Arrears of former Land Taxes.

370.000 ----- -By surplus Moneys of Coal Duties.

4,103 5 By Arrears of the Malt Act, Anno 1725.

3>i39>c68 15 Si

V 305,749 is 2i Deficiency of the Grants, Amto 1727.

3' ~ ——

JL 3>444>8i8 13 8f

885,494 9 4

>5 7>637 16 st

4.847 2 6

60,000 — —

f3>7 5° 19 5

50,000 — . ——

170,000 — —

160,306 >7 1 *-<Hi 1

54,196 7 9l

76,642 7 11

172,871 5 zi

Sums granted.

Sum* paid.

Deficiency of the Grants.

s. d.

1,239,071 7 8

100,000 ——

c

s.

d.

>>039»329 5

62,874 11 ioi

>»34i,73° 7 1,272,848 — 1

----- 464,01 6 18 4 464,016 18 4

300,000 —

s. d.

199,742 a 6 37,125 8 ii

300,000 -- —

3'444>Si8 x3 3>139»°68 15 5I

From which deduct the net Savings by the Reduction of, and fending back, Four Regiments of Foot from Great Britain to Ireland, from the 24th of June, 1727 -

And then the Deficiency will be

i-

68,882 7 7!

305,749 18 2j

26,389 17 I 279,360 I

M.F'echer,

> 6th February, 17 2 j

0\

o

r

>2

"4

z L t .£*"*

i Geo. II. 16°

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Stranraver William Dalrymple, Esquire, being chosen a Commis-

Distria (loner fir the Shire of Wigtoun, and also a Burgess for Writ* the District of Burghs of Stranraver, Wigtoun, Whithorn, and New *Gallozvay, in the said Shire, made his Election, to serve for the said Shire of Wigtoun.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said District of Burghs of Stranraver, Wigtoun, Whithorn, and New Galloway, in the room of the said Mr. Dalrymple,

St. Mawes J°^n Knight, Esquire, being chosen a Burgess for the Writ. Borough of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk, and also a Burgess for the Borough of St. Mawes, in the County of Cornwall, made his Election, to serve for the said Borough of Sudbury.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of St. Mawes, in room of the said Mr. Knight.

Tavistock Sir John Cope, Knight and Baronet, being chosen a

tyrit. Knight of the Shire for the County of Southampton, and alf> a Burgess for the Borough of Tavistock, in the County of Devon, made his Election to serve for the said County of Southampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Tavistock, in the room of the said Sir John Cope.

Bricks and A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are

Tiles thereunto subserjbed, being Brick-makers, Bricklayers, or making, others, concerned in building in the City of London, or within Fifteen Miles thereof, was presented to the House, and read; complaining, that the Matter and Wardens of the Company of Tilers and Bricklayers, London, having the foie Power to levy the Penalties seton such, as, within the Limits aforesaid, make Bricks, or Tiles, contrary to the Act of the Twelfth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, for preventing Abuses in the making of Bricks, and Tiles, have permitted divers Brick-makers, and others, Members of their own Corporation, to make Bricks contrary to the said Act, thereby enabling them to undersell the fair Traders, who have put themselves to great Expence and Difficulties, to pursue the Directions thereof: That there are several Ciaules in the said Act, which need explaining, and amending; and others, which have been found prejudicial to the making goud Bricks, rendering them worie, and less durable, or found, and yet dearer, than before: And praying the Confederation of the House, and that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for better enforcing some, and amending, or repealing, other, Clauses in the said Act, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Child, Mr. Far-Jons, Mr. Hungerford, Lord Wm. Powlet, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Alderman Farjons, Mr. Scawen, Sir Thomas Lowther, Mr. Bigg, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Bacon, Sir Tho. Clark, Mr. Pringle, Mr. White, Sir Nathaniel Curzon, Mr. Hucks, Mr. Huxley, Mr. Hampden, Lord Per civ all, Mr. Geers, Mr. Polhill, Mr. Duncomb, Mr. Forte/cuef Mr. Baron Thomson, Sir Wm. Morgan, Colonel Morgan, Mr. Withers, Mr. Cornwallis, Lord Pal-merfton, Mr. Effmgton, Mr. Bramston, Sir Wilfrid Lawson, Mr. Treby, Sir Geo. Downing, Mr. Barnard, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Serjeant Birch, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Sclater, Mr. Halley, Sir John Eyles, Mr. C*Jar, Sir Vol. 21.

Thomas Sebright, Mr. Pacey, Sir Richard Lane, Mr. Brere-ton> Mr. Gascoigne, Mr. Lomax, General Sabine, Mr. Bladen, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Wyndham, Sir Richard Grof-vettor. Sir Wm. Stanhope, Sir Thomas Frankland \ and all the Members that serve for the City of London, and Counties of Middlesex, Essex, Surrey, and Kent: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Robert Hulks reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing Adam Oldenburg, and Phillipe Dumouftier, was committed; that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table. 1

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

The House being informed, that the honourable Matthew Ducie Morton, Esquire, who was returned in the double Return for the City of Gloucester, and petitioned, complaining thereof, and of the Election for the said City, defiles to withdraw his Petition, and not to contest the Matter of the said Election, and Return, with Benjamin Bathurst, Esquire, returned also in the said double Return; and that the said Mr. Bathurst also thereupon dtfires to withdraw his Petition, which complained also of the said Return, and Election;

Ordered, That the said Mr. Morton be at Liberty to withdraw his Petition.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Bathurst be at Liberty to withdraw his Petition.

The House being informed, that Thomas Chester, Esquire, who was also returned in the said double Return for the City of Gloucester, and petitioned, complaining, thereof, and of the Election for the said City, desires to withdraw his Petition, and not to contest the Matter of the said Election, and Return, with Charles Selwyn, Esquire, returned also in the said double Return; and that the said Mr. Selwyn also thereupon desires to withdraw his Petition, which complained also of the said Return, and Election;

Ordered, That the said Mr. Chester be at Liberty to withdraw his Petition.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Selwyn be at Liberty to withdraw his Petition.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the Matter of the said Petitions, and double Returns.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to amend the double Return for the City of Gloucester, by rafing out the Names of the honourable Matthew Ducie Morton, Esquire, and Thomas Chester, Esquire.

Sir Charles Turner (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year 1728, was committed, the Amendments the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the said Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Seconcf time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House. '

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Matter of the Petition of George Abington, Esqjiire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Milborne Port, in the County P of

Oldenburg's Sec. Nat,

Gloueeftet

Ele&io*.

Supply Bill; Duties oti Malt, &c.

Milborne

Port

Election.

58

of Somerset (and which was referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections) be heard at the Bar of this House.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House upon Saturday, the Second Day of March next.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections bedischarged from proceeding upon the Matter of the said Petition.

Milbome A Motion being made, and the Question being put. Port That the Matter of the Petition of William Lock, Esquire,

Election, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Milbome Port, in the County of Somerset (and which was referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections) be heard at the Bar of this House;

Jtpafied in the Negative.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, relblve itself into a Committeeof the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Way* Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn-

awl Mean*. ing nextj ref0]ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 170 Februarii;

Anno i* Georgii II4i Regii, 1727.

Prayers.

feloueefter 'T' HE Clerk of the Crown attended, and (according Election. X to Order) amended the double Return for the City of Gloucester.

A. 1727.

thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many others, who have a Right to vote at the Election of Burgesses, to represent the said Borough in Parliament, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, that at the Election of Burgesses, to serve in thisprel'ent Parliament for the said Borough, Henry Drax, and John Burridge, junior, Esquires, were elected by a Majority of legal Votes: And praying such Relief as the Houseshall think fit, against the Pretensions of Henry Holt Henley, Esquire, to be one of the Burgesses for the said Borough.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That it be an Inflrudion to the said Committee, that they do hear the Matter of the said Petition at the same time they hear the Matter of the Petition of Henry Holt Henley, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough.

An ingrafted Bill for continuing the Duties upon Supply Bill Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for granting to his Majesty ' certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year 1728, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pafsj and that the Title be.

An Act for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain, called England, and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year 1728; and for making good the Deficiency ofa late Malt Ad.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Turner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

16° — 170 — 19* Februarii

Leftwithiel Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to

Wm« the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Lejlwithiel, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of Darel Trelazvney, Esquire, deceased.

Plympton George Treby, Esquire, being chosen a Burgess for the Writ# Borough of Clifton-dartmouth-hardness, in the County of Devon, and also a Burgess for the Borough of Plympton, in the same County, and also a Burgess for the Borough of Plymouth, in the same County, made his Election, to serve for the said Borough of Clifton-dartmouth-hardness.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burge s, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Plympton, in the County of Devon, in the room of the said Mr. "Treby.

Plymouth Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to

Writ* the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, in the room of the said Mr. Treby.

Agmon- The honourable Baptist Leveson Gower, Esquire, be-defhamWiit. ing chosen a Burgess for the Borough of Newcastle Under-line, in the County of Stafford, and also a Burgess for the Borough of Agmondesham, in the County of Bucks, made his Election, to serve for the said Borough of New-tajlle Under-line.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Agmondesham, in the room of the said Mr. Leveson Gower.

X-ymc Regis A Petition of divers Inhabitants of the Borough of Election* ijytne Regis, in the County of Dorset, whose Names are

Lunce, 190 die Februarii;

Anno i* Georgii II41 Regis, 1727.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Adam Oldenburg, Oldenburg's, and Phillipe Dumoujlier, was read the Third time. Icc. Nat. Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be.

An Act for naturalizing Adam Oldenburgh, and Phillipe Dumoujlier.

Ordered, That Mr. Robert Hucks do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of Robert Ellison, Esquire, was presented to El!ifon,» the House, and read, setting forth, that Francis Carre, Name, the Petitioner's Uncle, lately deceased, by his last Will, dated the azd of October last, did devile to the Petitioner his Estate, real and personal, subject to some Legacies; and thereby directed, that the Petitioner should, with all convenient Speed, endeavour to procure an Act of Parliament, to change his Name from Ellison to Carre, and also to change the Petitioner's Coat of Arms to his; which the Petitioner is desirous of doing: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable him to take and use the said Surname of Carre.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr.

Bowes and Mr. Hedworth do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to inspect* Expiring what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report Laws, their Opinion to the House, which of them are fit to be revived, or continued.

And it is referred to Mr. Fane, Lord IVm. Powlett, Mr.

Ja comb. Sir Robert Furnefe, Mr. Scrope, Sir Geo. Oxen-den. Sir fVm. Wyndham, Mr. fVyndham, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Mr. Heathcote, Mr. Crozv/e, Lord Mai pas. Sir 16 James

I Geo. II. 190 Februarii. 59

James Campbell\ Sir Thomas Wentworth, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Withers, Mr. Hampden, Colonel Ready Mr. Bevan, Mr. Owen, Mr. Gybbon, Sir Charles Turnery Mr. 5/. Mr. Orlebar, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Brereton,

Mr. Cafar, Mr. Baily, Sir Rufhout, Mr. Winnington % Mr. Clayton, Mr. Keif all. Sir Roger Meredith, Mr. Effing-ton; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Reading *c. A Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto Ronds. subscribed, appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for repairing the Highways between the Bear Inn in Reading, in the County of Berks, and a certain Place called Punt-field, in the said County, and of several Gentlemen, and other Inhabitants, living in, near, and traveling through, the said Highways, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that by the said Act several Tolls were granted, for repairing the said Roads, for the Term of 15 Years: That the Tolls have been eoljefted, and applied, for that Purpose, and great Progress made therein; but the same cannot be effectually repaired, and so kept, without the said Term be enlarged: That the Road, leading from Punt field aforesaid to a Place called The Seven Mile Stone, and from thence to a Place called Aldermarfton Bridge, and a Road, leading out of the said Highways to Burghfield Hatch, which Roads are much frequented, and lead from the Highways, directed by the said Act to be repaired, are become very ruinous, and the Parishes, through which the Roads lead, are not able to repair the fame: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending and repairing the said Roads, and for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said Act, in such Manner, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Potenger, Sir Wm. Stapleton, Mr. Sandys. Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Middleton, Mr. Vernon, Sir Orlando Bridgman, Sir John Dutton, Mr. Withers, Mr. Med-licot, Mr. Gibson, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Brozvne, Mr. Gifford, Sir Thomas Saunderson, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Fox, Mr. Plummer, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Earle, Mr. Serjeant Birch, Sir Roger Meredith, Mr. Monro, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Tufnell, Sir Tho. Hales, Sir Wm. Willys, Mr. Harvey, Mr. St. John, Mr. Bevan, Mr. Orlebar, Mr. Brampfton, Mr. Danvers, Mr. Campbell, Sir Robert Furnefe, Mr. Wyndham, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Mr. Oglethorpe, Mr. Effing ton. Sir Geo Downing, Mr. Rey-fiell; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Berks and Southampton; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Maidenhead, A Bill for making more effectual an Act, passed in

&e. Road*. t]ie pourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, intituled, "An Act for repairing the Highways " from Maidenhead Bridge to Sunning Lane End, next " to Twyford, in the Road to Reading, and from the " said Bridge to Henly Bridge, in the County of Berks,' was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Potenger, Mr. Winnington, Colonel Read, Mr. Browne, Mr. Withers, Mr. Orlebar, Sir Thomas Hales, Sir John Cope, Sir John Riifhout, Mr. Crowle, Mr. Whitworth, Sir John Shelley, Loid Malpas, Lord Morpeth, Mr. Alderman Child, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. St. John, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Norris, Mr. Scrops, Mr. Kelfall, Mr. Comwal, Mr. Holmes, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Lifer, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Sir Edmund Bacon, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Earle, Lord Wm. Powlet, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Conduit, Mr. Martin, Mr. Myddelton, Mr. Brampfton, Mr, Wyndham, Sir Vol. 21.

Wm. Wyndham, Mr. Powlet, Mr. Ingram, Lord Galloway, Mr. Oglethorp, Lord Howe, Sir Wilfrid Lawson,

Mr. Fox, Lord Limerick; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Berks, Oxon, and Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Cockburn presented to the House (according to Encouraging Order) a Bill for encouraging Seamen, who shall enter ^amen^ voluntarily into his Majesty's Service; and the famewas received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Dispositioa his Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to direct of Grants, the proper Officers to lay before this House, a particular and distinct Account of the Distribution of the Sum of Two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, which in an Account laid before this House, shewing how the Money, given for the Year 1727, has been disposed of, is charged to have been issued for other Expences, and Engagements, over and above such as are therein particularly specified, for securing the Trade and Navigation of this Kingdom, and preserving and restoring the Peace of Europe; and of the Time or Times, when the said Sum of Two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds was issued and distributed.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

The honourable Sir John Hobart, Knight of the Bath, Berealfton and Baronet, being chosen a Knight of the Shire for the Writ* County of Norfolk, and also a Burgess for the Borough of Berealfton, in the County of Devon, made his Election to serve for the said County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Berealfton, in the room of the said Sir John Hobart.

The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself Supply, intb a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, being read;

Ordered, That the Copy of the King and Kingdom of Sweden's Accession to the Treaty of Hanover, dated at Stockholm the Fourteenth of March, 172--; and Translation; and the Copy of the separate Articles, and the fe-cret one, belonging to the said Accession, dated the Fourteenth of March, 172*-; and Translation; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of the Treaty between Great Britain and the Duke of Brunswick Lunenburg Wolfen-buttel, dated at Westminster the Twenty-fifth of November, 1727; and Translation; and the Copy of the separate Article, belonging to the said Treaty, dated at Westminster the said Twenty-fifth of November, 1727; and Translation; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1728, for Land Service, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account, shewing how the Money, given for the Service of the Year 1727^ hath been disposed of, distinguished under the several Heads, until the Fifteenth of February, 1727, with the Deficiency thereupon, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered,

6o 19* — 20® — . 1727.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Turner also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will* upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Herbert, Lord Nassau Powlet, Sir Henry Hoghton, Mr. P owlet, Mr. Fane. Mr. Jacomb, Mr. Hedges, Mr. Bromley, Sir Robert Sutton, Sir John Monson, Mr. Pacey, Mr. Dodington, Sir Rowland Alfton, Mr. Lord Charles Cavendish, Sir Thomas Lowiher, Sir IVillys, Sir Nathanael Citrzon; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Huntingdon, Cambridge, and Lincoln: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis,200 die Februarii;

Anno i° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1727.

Prayers.

r til TV/IR. Speaker acquainted the House, that he had re-Writ.°n AVJL ceived a Letter from Sir Francis Henry Drake, Baronet, who is at present indisposed, that he, being chosen a Burgess for the Borough of Tavistock, in the County of Devon, and also a Burgess for the Borough of Berealston, in the same County, made his Ele<ftion to serve for the said Borough of Tavistock.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Berealston, in the room of the said Sir Francis Henry Drake.

Old Sarum Thomas Pitt, Esquire, being chosen a Burgess for the Wm. Borough of Okehampton, in the County of Devon, and also a Burgess for the Borough of Old Sarum, in the County of Wilts, made his Election to serve for the said Borough of Okehampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for theele<$iiiga Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Old Sarum, in the room of the said Mr. Pitt.

Winchelsea John Scrope, Esquire, being chosen a Citizen for the Writ. City of Bristol, in the County of Somerset, and also a Baron for the Pori of Winchelsea, in the County of Svjfac, made his Election to serve for the said City of Bristol

Hereford Ordered, That John Kyrwood, Esquire, be at Liberty

Election. to withdraw his Petition, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the City of Hereford.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the said Petition.

Surpluses. Mr. Sercpe presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

Surplusses, dated at Lady-day, 1727; and also, Surplusses, dated at Michaelmas, 17^7.

And the Titles thereof were read.

Ordered, That the said Surplusses do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Surplusses arc bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Mofter- Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to give Di-regions for the proper Officers to lay before this House, an Account of what Muster-masters have been appointed, for any Fleet or Squadron of Men of War, since the Year 1688, together with a Copy of the said Muster-maders instructions.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

Sir Charles Turner (according to Order) reported from Supply the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds be granted to his Majesty, for one Year's Subsidy to the King of Szveden, pursuant to a Treaty, dated the Fourteenth of March, 172-f.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Sum of Twenty-five thousand Pounds be granted to his Maiedy, for one Year's Subsidy to the Duke of Brunswick Lunenburg Wolfenbuttel, pursuant to a Treaty, dated the Twenty fifth of November, 1727.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Seventeen thousand Four hundred Forty-two Pounds, Fourteen Shillings and Three Pence Three Farthings, be granted to his Majesty, for the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, for the Year 1728.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Eighty thousand Two hundred Sixty-one Pounds, Nine Shillings and Three Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the extraordinary Expence of Ordnance Stores, sent to Gibraltar, Port Mahon, and additional Arms delivered to the Forces in the Year 1727, and not provided for by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred Seventy-nine thousand Three hundred and Sixty Pounds, One Shilling, and One Penny Three Farthings, be granted to his Majesty, to make good the Deficiency of the Grants for the Service of the Year 1727.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committee*

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Chatteris A Bill for repairing the Road, leading from Chatteris Ferry Ferry, which divides the Isle of Ely from the County of Road. Huntingdon, to Somersham Bridge, at Somersham Town's End, in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Marquis of Hartmgton, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Bacon, Lord Wm. Powlet, Mr. Townsend, Mr. Pelham, Lord Fitzwilliam, Mr. Scawen, Mr. Hucks, Mr. Orlebar, Mr. Britiffe, Sir John Hobart, Mr. Wyndham, Mr. Earle, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Cross, Mr. Edwards, Mr. Moor, Mr. Harrison,

Mercurii, 21° die Februarii;

Anno I. Georgii II" Regis, 1727.

Praters.

AP ETITION of the Matter, Wardens, and Court Bricks and of Aflittants, of the Company of Tilers and Brick- Tiles leaking, layers, of the City of London, in behalf of the said Company, was presented to the House, and read j letting forth, that the said Company have done as much as in them Jay, to

prevent

Punishing Mutiny and Defer tion.

Supply Bill; Duties on Malt, Sec.

Winchcifea

Writ.

Answer lo Address.

Milborne

PortElcftion.

Hampden't

Estates.

2i° Febru

61

i Geo. II.

prevent the great Abuses in making bad Bricks, and have been at great Expence in Searches for such Bricks: That, unless the Restriction be continued upon the Brick-makers, to prevent making bad Bricks, contrary to the Act, of the Twelfth Year of his late Majesty, to prevent Abuses in the making of Bricks and Tiles, that Trade will be left intirely in the Hands of the Brick-makers, whereby it will be very prejudicial to the Builders, and Con-fumers of Bricks: And praying, that the said Act may oe continued, to prevent Abuses in that Trade; and that they may be heard by themselves, or Counsel, in order to preserve the said Act, or have such Relief, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Brick-makers, Bricklayers, or others, concerned in building in the City of London, or within Fifteen Miles thereof, is referred; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House; and that the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel before the said Committee, if they think fit

Ordered, That the said other Petitioners, the Brick-makers, Bricklayers, or others, concerned in building in the City of London, or within Fifteen Miles thereof, be admitted to be heard by their Counsel before the said Committee, at the same time, if they think fit.

Mr. Pelham presented to the House (according to Order) a Bill for punishing Mutiny and Delerrion, and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A MefTage from the Lords, by Mr. Kinaston, and Mr. Thomas Bennet:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England\ and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-eight; and for making good the Deficiency of a late Malt Act; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Baron, to serve in this present Parliament for the Port of Winchelsea, in the County of Sussex, in the room of John Scrope, Esquire, who hath made his Election, to lerve for the City of Bristol, in the County of Somerset.

Mr. Treasurer reported to the House, that their Address, of Yesterday, That his Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers, that an Account of what Muster-malters have been appointed for any Fleet, or Squadron, of Men of War, (inee the Year 1688, togeth r with a Copy of the said Muster-masters Instructions, may be laid before this House, had been presented to his Majesty; and chat his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he will give Directions ,to the proper Officers, for laying the same before this House.

Ordered, That George Abington, Esquire, be at Liberty to withdraw his Petition, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Milborne Port, in the County of Somerset.

Ordered, That the Trustees, in whom the real and personal Estates of Richard Hampden, Esquire, are veiled by Act of Parliament, do lay before this House, an Account of what Moneys have arisen from the Produce of Vox. 21.

the said Estates, and what Progress they have made in the Sale thereof, towards reducing the Debt due to the Publick.

Ordered, That the said Trustees do lay before this House, an Inventory of the personal* Estate of the said Mr. Hampden, as sworn to by him before the Barons of his Majesty's Court of Exchequer.

Ordered, That the said Trustees do lay before this House, an Account of what Agreement has been hiade with the said Mr. Hampden in relation to an Exchange of any of the Estates, vested in them, as Trustees, and when made, with an exact Inventory, ot Rental, of such Estates, so exchanged.

A Petition of the Lord William P owlet t, one of the Money Bolen Tellers of his Majesty Exchequer, was presented to thfi gttt House, and read; setting forth, that the Cash Room, *C qUtr* belonging to his Office, was, betwixt Monday the First, and Wednesday the Third, of February, 1724, broke into, through the Roof of the said Room, which, from the extraordinary Strength of Stone and Wood Work, was heretofore thought effectually secure against any Attempts of this Kind, and also one of the Locks of his Majesty's strong Chests in the Calli Room was forced off, and through the Space of the Plate of the Lock was taken out the Sum of Four thousand One hundred and Ninety-one Pounds, Fourteen Shillings, and Six Pence: That the Locks upon the Chests, the Cash Room, and outward Offices, were all locked, conformable to the Act of Parliament, of the Eighth and Ninth Years of King William, for better Observation of the Course, anciently used in the Receipt of Exchequer, and that there was not the least Neglect, of any Kind, in securing the said Office, nor hath the greatest Care and Diligence been wanting, though hitherto unsuccessfully, to discover the Robbers: That the said Money does (till remain a Charge upon the Petitioner, and some Doubts have arisen, whether he can be discharged therefrom, or the Sum, so ftoJen, be replaced into the Calli of his Office, without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: And praying the House to take his same into Consideration, and to grant him such Relief therein, as they shall think meet.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequeracquainted the House* that this same having been humbly laid before his Majesty, his Majesty had been pleased to command him to acquaint this House, that his Majesty gives his Consent, that this House may do therein, as they think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Pet it it n.

Ordered, That John Grainger, Esquire, do attend the said Committee of the whole House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Thomas Sadler, Esquire, doattend the said Committee of the whole House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That John Lawton do attend the said Committee of the whole House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Thomas Cremer do attend the said Committee of the whole House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Hemy Walter do attend the said Committee of the whole House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That John Wilkinson doattend the said Committee of the whole House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Thomas Sculthorp do attend the said Committee of the whole House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That George Bryars do attend the said Committee of the whole House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That John Robinson do attend the said Committee of the whole House Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Charles Dalton, Royal Aflcot Gentleman-ulher of the Black Rod: to

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend his Majesty immediately in the House of Peers.

Q Accordingly

21* — 22° .'

6x

Accordingly Mr. 9peaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty in the House of Peers:

And being returned;

Royal Assent Mr. Speaker reported, that the House had attended to Bills, his Majesty in the House of Peers; and that his Majesty had been pleased to give the Royal Assent to one publick Bill following; viz.

An Act for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-eight; and for making good the Deficiency of a late Malt Act#

Milborae Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the

Port Writ. Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing aBurgefs, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Milborne Port} in the County of Somerfit, in the room of Thomas Medlycott, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of one of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Revenue in Ireland.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Ways and Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning

Mean*. next, resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Supply. ‘ The Order being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account of the Money paid into the Exchequer, arisen upon the Duties on Coals and Culm, continued by an Act, of the Fifth Year of his late Majesty s Reign, for building new Churches, and for the Supply of that Year, from the Twenty-ninth Day of September, 1720, to the Twenty-ninth Day of September, 1727, distinguishing each Year, and also an Account of the present annual and other Charges thereupon, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Turner also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

ResolvedThat this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Committee*. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 22* die Februarii

Anno 1* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1727* PltAYlCtfs.

Anindcll /ORDERED, That the Report from the Committee

Electiou. of privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Borough of Arunde % in the County of Sussex, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Privilege, A Complaint being made to the House, that Mr. Ralpk Anejley, Rector of Ingold/by, in the County of

1727.

hath caused Francis Fryer, a Tenant, and menial Servant, to Sir Gilbert Heqthcote, Knight, a Member of this House, to be arrested, and held to Bail, upon an Attachment} issued out of the Court of Exchequer, in a Suit there depending, wherein the said Mr. Anejley is Plaintiff, against the said Sir Gilbert Heathcote, and the said Francis Fryer, and others, Defendants, which Suit affects the Inheritance of the said Sir Gilbert Heathcote's Estate, and that in the said Proceeding Mr. Ambrose Kedington was Attorney for the Plaintiff, Thomas Collingwood Bailiff, and Cornelius Rudkin, his Assistant, in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Matter of the said N Complaint, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Sir Charles Turner (according to Order) reported from Supply, the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions, they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Ninety thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, to satisfy and discharge the several principal Sums, due on the Register for Loans at the Exchequer, in pursuance of an Act, of the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for continuing certain Duties on Coals and Culm, towards railing the Sum of Three hundred and Sixty thousand Pounds, granted by the said Act, for the building of new Churches, and other Purposes therein mentioned.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Three thousand One hundred and Forty Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, to satisfy and discharge so much of the said Sum of Three hundred and Sixty thousand Pounds, granted by the said Act, of the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, as has not been raised by Loans, or otherwise, in pursuance of the same Act.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Sum of Four hundred Thirty-four thousand Six hundred and Five Pounds, he granted to his Majesty, to redeem the Annuity of Seventeen thousand Three hundred Eighty-four Pounds, Four Shillings, payable to the South Sea Company in respect of the like Sum subscribed into their Stock, Part of the principal Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds, payable on the Benefit Tickets in the Lottery, established by the said Act, of the Fifth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George the First, and charged on the said Duties on Coals and Culm.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Three hundred Thirty-eight thousand Eight hundred Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, to discharge and cancel the several Exchequer Bills, made forth in pursuance of an Act of Parliament, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of Three hundred and Seventy thousand Pounds, to be raised by Loans, or Exchequer Bills, to be charged on the surplus Monies of the Duties on Coals and Culm, granted by an Act, of the Fifth Year of his Majesty's Reign, for a Term of Years, and since made perpetual.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Mr. Potenger reported from the Committee, to whom Reading, the Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto Roads, subscribed, appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for repairing the Highways between the Bear Inn in Reading, in the County of Berks,

and

i Geo. IL 23°

and a certain Place called Puntfield % in the said County $ and of several Gentlemen, and other Inhabitants, living in, near, and travelling through, the said Highways, was referred; that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; where the fame, was read, and is as follows; viz.

That the Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, dated the 19th of February instant, proceeded to examine the Matter of the said Petition:

And, to prove the Allegations of the fame, the Petitioners produced the said Act, of the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne; whereby several Tolls and Duties were granted, for repairing the said Highways, for the Term of Fifteen Years:

And then called their Witnesses; viz.

Mr. Wm. Gandy, and Mr. John Abery, Treasurer: Who were severally examined, and said, that, at the time the said Act passed, the said Highways werefo very bad, that the Trustees were obliged to borrow a considerable Sum of Money, which was laid out to make the fanie pafiable in all Parts: And they also said, that the Parishioners had constantly done the Statute-work in the Parishes, through which the said Highways lead:

That, for some Years after the passing of the said Act, the Toll brought in above Five hundred and Twenty Pounds per Annum; but, since the River Kennet hath been made navigable, the Toll hath been abated near Two hundred Pounds per Annum.

That the said Mr. Gandy and Mr. Abery produced an Account, whereby it appeared, that the said Toll, after all Charges and Outgoings paid and allowed, does not now bring in, clear, more than Two hundred and Four Pounds, Ten Shillings, per Annum.

That John Symonds and the said Mr. Gandy gave Evidence, that many Parts of the said Road are very bad, especially in the Winter Season; and that the whole Road cannot be effectually repaired, and kept amended, for the Accommodation of Travellers, without the Term, granted by the said Act, be enlarged, and further Powers given.

Then the Committee proceeded to examine Witnesses as to the Condition of the Roads, leading from Pun{'field to the said Place, called Half-way Stone, and from thence to the said Bridge, called Aldermarston Bridge, the said Highway leading out of the said Highways to the said Place, called Burchfield Hatch.

And the Petitioners called the said Mr. Symonds and Mr, Gandy: And they, being severally examined, said, that the last mentioned Roads, being about Four Miles in Length, are very much frequented; and that the same are very much out of Repair, notwithstanding the Pa-rilhioneTS have done their Statute-work: And by their Evidence it appeared to the Committee, that those Roads cannot be amended, and kept in Repair, without the Assistance of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more effectual repairing the Highways between the Bear Inn in Readings in the County of Berks, and Puntfield, in the said County, and for amending the Road, leading out of the said Highways, to Burghfield Hatch, and from Punt-field to Seven Mile Stone, and from thence to Aldermarston Bridge, in the said County; and that Mr. Potenger, Mr. Robert Hucks, and Sir Wm. Stapleton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ellison's Mr. Bowes presented to the House (according to Order)

Name. a Bill to enable Robert Ellison, Esquire, and the Heirs and Issue of his Body, to take and use the Surname of Carre, according to the Will of his Uncle, Francis Carre, Esquire, deceased; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself VoL. SI.

Februarii. . 6$

into a Committee of the whole H0I1&, to Mnlidef'of the Money Petition of the Right honourable the Lord William Powlett, one of the Tellers of his Majesty's Exchequer, being read;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Oath* mittee*

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Yonge took the Chair of the Committee*.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Wm. Yonge reported from the Committee, fhaf th6 Committee had directed him to move the House, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for Relief of the Right honourable the Lord William Powlett, one of the Tellers of his Majesty's Exchequer, as to a Sum of Four thousand One hundred Ninety-one Pounds, Fourteen Shillings, and Six Pence, stolfen out of the Calli Room belonging to his Office.

And Sir William Yonge moved the House accordingly*.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring iri a Bill for Relief of the Right honourable the Lord William Powlett, one of the Tellers of his Majesty's Exchequer, as to a Sum of Four thousand Orie hundred Ninety-one Pounds, Fourteen Shillings, and Six Pence, stolen out of the Cash Room belonging to his Office; and that Sir William Yonge, Mr. Clayton of Sundon, and Mr. Jacrnb, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

And then the House adjoutned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 230 die Februarii;

Anno i° Georgii IIfl Regis, 1727.

Praters.

MR. Earle (according to Order) repotted from the Arundel!

Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Mat- Klcftion* ter, as it appeared to them, touching the EJeftion for the Borough of Arundell, in the County of Sussex, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which Report he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read: And the said Report, and Resolutions, are as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of the honourable John Lumley, E& quire, complaining of an undue Election and Return of the Right honourable Thomas, Lord Viscount Gage, in the Kingdom of Ireland, to serve for the Borough of Arundell, in the County of Sussex:

That the Committee proceeded to examine the Merit* of this Election.

That the Right of Election was agreed to be in the Housholders within the Borough, paying Scotland Lot.

That the Petitioner's Counsel objected to Fifty-two of the Sitting Member's Voters, as not being Housholders within the Borough, paying Scotland Lot; *and alleged, that a List of their Names had been given to the Sitting Member's Agent.

That the Sitting Member's Counsel acknowleged the Receipt of such Lift; and declared, they had not Evidence, to justify those Voters.

That the Committee came to the following Resolu- / tions; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee*

That the Right honourable Thomas Lord Viscount Gagef in the Kingdom of Ireland, is not duly elected a Burgess*. to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Arundell, in the County of Sussex.

Resolved, That it is {he Opinion of this Committee,

That the honourable John Lumley, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Arundell.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second.

time.

#4 23° — 1727.

time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House upon Monday Morning next, to amend the Return for the Borough of Arundellin the County of Sussex, by rating out the Name of the Right honourable Thomas, Lord Viscount Gage, in the Kingdom of Ireland, and inserting the Name of the honourable John Lumley, Esquire, instead thereof.

Bramber Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the

Writ. Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bramber, in the County of Sussex, in the room of Sir Richard Gough, Knight, deceased.

Way* The other Order of the Day, for the House to refblve and Means. jffejf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, being reac|;

Ordered, That the Account of such of the national Debts, incurred before the Twenty-fifth of December, 1716, as are redeemable by Parliament, with the Interest, or Annuity, attending the lame, and when the same are redeemable, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to consider of the further Application of the Surplusses, Excesses, or overplus Moneys, commonly called the Sinking Fund.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next*

Sir Charles Turner also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

Hampden, Esquire, as forom to toy him before the Barons of his Majesty'.s Court of Exchequer; and also.

An Account of what Agreement has been made with Richard Hampden, Esquire, in relation to an Exchange of any of the Estates, vested in the Trustees, and when made, with an exact Inventory, or Rental, of such Estates, so exchanged.

And the Titles of the said Accounts, and Inventory, were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts, and Inventory, do lie upon the Table, to beperufed by the Members of the House.

The laid Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of John Brozvn, late Master of the Corpora- Bricks and tion of Tilers and Bricklayers, of London, and Joseph Welsh, lngr

one of the late Wardens, and several other Liverymen of the said Corporation, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, that the Petitioners did in their Time of Office put in Execution the Act, of theTwelfth Year of his late Majesty King George, for preventing Abuses in the making of Bricks and Tiles, and did at their publick Court, where the whole Livery attended, set several Fines on Offenders; but the present Master and Wardens, who were elected in the Petitioners stead, to elude the said Act, and to serve and countenance several Members of the said Corporation, who carry on a joint Stock and Trade in making of Bricks and Tiles, and others, who make bad Commodities, to the great Prejudice of his Majesty'sSubjects, have taken upon them to remit, or lessen several of the said Fines, and do now encourage the making of Bricks and Tiles contrary to the said Act: And praying, that the said Act may be enforced, and further Provision made against the Abuses aforesaid, in such Manner, as the House shall think fit; and that the Petitioners may be heard by themselves, or Counsel, touching the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Brick-makers, Bricklayers, or others, concerned in building in the City of London, or within Fifteen Miles thereof, is referred; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House; and that the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel, before the said Committee, if they think fit.

Committee of Privileges.

Arundell

Election.

Account of produce of Hampden's Estates.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections have Leave to fit Tomorrow in the Afternoon, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 26° die februarii; Anno i* Georgii IItf Regis, 1727. Prayers.

THE Clerk of the Crown attended, and (according to Order) amended the Return for the Borough of

Arundell, in the County of Sussex.

Mr. Tilfon, one of the Trustees, in whom the real and personal Estates of Richard Hampden, Esquire, are vested by Act of Parliament, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of what Moneys have arisen from the Produce of the real and personal Estates of Richard Hampden, Esquire, since the Act of Parliament passed, for vesting the said Estates in Trustees, and what Progress the said Trustees have made in the Sale thereof, towards reducing the Debt due to the Publick; and also,

Copy of an Inventory of the personal Estate of Richard *4

A Petition of the insolvent Debtors in the County Gaol of Hereford, on behalf of themselves, and several Thousands imprisoned Debtors in the several Gaols of this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners well hoped, the late insolvent Act would have relieved all Debtors, without Limitation, or that it would oblige the Creditor to maintain the Debtor in Gaol: That the said Gaol, and, as informed, most of the Gaols in England, are now fuller than ever: That in the 30th Carol, a41, an Act passed, that, if any Creditor did insist to continue his Debtor in Prison, he should allow him a weekly Maintenance, and if, in Three Months after such weekly Allowance, no Estate of the Prisoner's was discovered, hewasto be discharged by the Justices of the Peace; and this Act extended to all under the Sum 0^.500 to any one Person: That the Session before the last a Bill passed this House, to oblige the Creditor, either to maintain, or release his Debtor, upon delivering up his All; which Bill was twice read in the House of Lords, but, by the Multiplicity of Business, did not pass into a Law; which, if it had, might have prevented any further Application of this Nature: And humbly submit it to the Consideration of the House, whether some Expedient may not be found out, to make those Hands useful to the Publick, by their Enlargement, whose Families now are, or will become, burthensome to the several Parishes/ where to they belong: And praying such Relief, as the House shall think fit, they being great Objects of Pity and Companion.

Ordered,

Debtor*

Petition.

i Geo. II. 26° Februarii. 5

Debtors Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Petition. A Petition of the unhappy Gentlemen, and others, poor

miserable Pdfoners, confined for Debt in the Fleet Prison, in behalf of themselves, and many Thousands imprisoned Debtors in the King's Bench, and the other Prisons in this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that all the insolvent Acts, which have passed of late, have been with Limitation of the Sum of £. 50 and £. loo, so that those Persons, who have been more considerable in Life, and beneficial to the Publick, stili remain confined: That the said Prison, and most of the Prisons in England, are now as full, or fuller, than ever, by the Effects of that fatal Year 1720: That in the 30th Carol. IP1 an Act passed, that, if any Creditor did infill to continue his Debtor in Prison, he should allow him a weekly Maintenance, and if, in Three Months after such weekly Allowance, no Estate of the Prisoner's wasdifeovered, he was to be discharged by the Justices of the Peace; and this Act extended to all under the Sum of £.500. to any one Person: That the Session before the last a Bill passed this House, to oblige the Creditor, either to maintain, or release, his Debtor, upon delivering up his All; which Bill was twice read in the House of Lords, but, by the Multiplicity of Business, did not pass into a Law; which, if it had, might have prevented any further Application of this Nature: And humbly submit it to the Consideration of the House, whether some Expedient may not be found out, to make those Hands useful to the Publick, by their Enlargement, whose Families are now, or will become, burthensome to the several Parishes, where to they belong: And praying such Relief, as the House shall think fit, they being great Objects of Pity and Compassion.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Hounslow A Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, living in, &c* near, and travelling through, the Road, leading from the oa *' Powder Mills on Hounslow Heath, in the County of Middle-flex, to a Place comm >nly called Basingstone, on Bagshot Heath,\n the Countyol Surrey, waspresented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the said Road is Part of the great Road, leading to several trading Towns in the West of England, and, by reason of many heavy Carriages passing through the fame, is become so ruinous, that it is dangerous to Passengers in the Winter Season; and the Inhabitants of the adjacent Parishes are not able, by the ordinary Course of the Laws, to repair the fame: And therefore praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the said Road.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Conduitt, Sir Geo. Oxenden, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Oglethorpe, Mr. Heath-cote, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Mr. Perry, Mr. Lewis, Lord Wm. Powlet, Mr. Criflp, Mr. Townfl-end, Mr. Burchett, Mr. Wither, Mr. Scrope, Mr. Edg-cumb, Mr. Cary, Mr. Plummer, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Waller, Mr. Fane, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Bladen, Sir Nathanael Cur zon, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Annesley, Sir Richard Grosvenor, Mr. Alderman Parflons, Mr Clayton, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Halfley, Mr. Bail lie. Lord James Cavendiflh, Sir Edmund Bacon, Sir Geo. Caflwall, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. EJJington; and all the Members, that serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Southampton, Wilts, Doiflet, Devon, and Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

waging A Motion was made, and the Question proposed, That lunteer the Bill for encouraging Seamen, who shall enter volun-lmcn# tarily into his Majesty's Service, be printed:

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

Vojl. 21.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of LymeRegi# Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Elcaion* Borough of Lyme Regis, in the County of Dorflet, be received upon Wednesday Morning next.

The House being informed, that one of the Sheriffs of Duty on the City of London attended at the Door, he was called Coals> &c' in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House a Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common-council assembled.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; setting forth, that the Duties, already laid upon Coals and Culm, imported into the Port of London only, affect their Trade; and the Inequality of the Burthen thereof is a great Discouragement to the Manufacturers, as well as an Hardship upon the whole trading People in and about the City of London:

And praying the Consideration of the House, and such Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put,

That the said Petition be rejected;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas,: ]214"

Tellers for the Noes, [JJ'- f^rd: } 9*-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Sir Charles Turner (according to Order) reported from Ways the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was refer- an<i Means, red to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions, which they had d rested him to report to the H use: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read; and the Resolutions of the Committee are as follow; viz.

Reflolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards railing the Supply granted to his Majesty, a Sum, not exceeding One million Seven hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, be raised, by Grant, or Sale, to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, of Annuities, not exceeding Seventy thousand Pounds per Annum, being after the Hate ol Four Pounds per Centum per Annum, redeemable by Parliament, to commence from the Twenty-fourth day ol June 1728, and to be charged on the Duties on Coals and Culm, continued for a Term of Years by an Act, of the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and since made perpetual.

Reflolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That out of the Moneys arisen, or to arise, for the Sur-plusses, Excesses, or overplus Moneys, commonly called the Sinking Fund, there be issued and applied the Sum of Sixty five thousand Three hundred Ninety-five Pounds to the South Sea Company, which together with the Sum of Four hundred thirty-four thousand Six hundred and Five Pounds, granted to his Majesty, for redeeming an Annuity of Seventeen thousand Three hundred Eighty-four Pounds, Four Shillings, payable to the said Company out of certain Duties on Coals and Culm, will complete a Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds, to be paid to the said Company, for redeeming a proportionable Part of their Annuities, pursuant to an Act, of the Ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First.

Reflolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Moneys, arising into the Exchequer of or for the several Surplusses, Excesses, or overplus Moneys, commonly called the Sinking Fund, be further applied to pay to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England the Sum of One million, Part of the principal Sum of One million Seven hundred seventy-fi ve thousand and Twenty-seven Pounds, Seventeen Shillings, and Ten Pence Half-R peny.

66 2 — 27*

peny, due to them in lieu of certain Exchequer Bills, delivered up by them, to be cancelled, in pursuance of an Act of Parliament, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and for redeeming a proportionable Part of the Annuity attending thereon.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Sum of Three Shillings in the Pound, and no more, be raised in the Year 1728 upon Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Pensions, Offices, and personal Estates, in that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed; and that a proportionable Cess, according to the Ninth Article of the Treaty of Union, be laid upon that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

The First of the said Resolutions being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Resolution be re-committed;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the said Resolution was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Residue of the said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Bills be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolutions; and that Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir George Oxenden, Mr. Clayton of Sundon, Mr. Doddington, and Mr. Scrope, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Account of Ordered, That the Account of what Monies have arisen

Produce of from the Produce of the real and personal Estates of Estates16"S Ruhwd Hampden, Esquire, since the Act of Parliament passed, for veiling the said Estates in Trustees, and what Progress the said Trustees have made in the Sale thereof, towards reducing the Debt due to the Publick, be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to whom the Petition of William Gore, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the County of Bucks, is referred.

Ordered, That the Inventory of the personal Estate of Richard Hampden, Esquire, as sworn to by him before the Barons of his Majesty's Court of Exchequer, be referred to the said Committee,

Ordered, That the Account of what Agreement has been made with Richard Hampden, Esquire, in relation to an Exchange of any of the Estates, vested in the Trustees, and when made, with an exact Inventory, or Rental, of such Estates, lb exchanged, be referred to the said Committee.

Bricks and Ordered, That Sir John Rushout, Mr. Daniel Pulteney,

Tiles Mr. Bootle, Mr. Hanbury, Lord Morpeth, Mr. Grimston, making. Mr. Pturner, Sir Geo. Cafwall, Mr. Gay, Mr. Chamberlayne, Mr. Lockier, Sir Nathaniel Gould, Sir Joseph Eyles, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the fevera Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Brick-makers, Bricklayers, or others, concerned in building in the City of London, or within Fifteen Miles thereof, is referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 2 70 die Februarii \

Anno i# Georgii IP11 Regis, 1727.

Prayers.

Debtors A P E TITIO N of the poor insolvent Debtors, now Petitions. jt\. confined in the common Gaol of the City of Norwich, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the said Petitioners are very numerous, and no ways capable of making any Satisfaction to their Creditors, but must inevitably be confined till Death, unless an Act of

Februarii. A. 1727.

Parliament pass for their Relief: And praying the House to take their miserable Conditions into Confederation, and relieve them therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the poor insolvent Debtors under Confinement in Chelmsford Gaol, \nEJfex, in behalf of themselves, and feme Hundreds more, was prefehted to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners, with their Wives and Children, are reduced to the utmost Extremity of Want, and must undoubtedly perish, unless the House will, by an Act of Insolvency, commiserate their deplorable Condition, and make many thousand Lives useful to the Publick, by sacrificing their Lives in Defence of their Majesties Right and Title to the Crown of these Realms, and the happy Establishment in their august Family: And praying such Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Bill to enable Robert Ellison, Esquire, and the Heirs Ellison'* and Issue of his Body, to take and use the Surname of Name. Carre, according to the Will of his Uncle, Francis Carre,

Esquire, deceased, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bowes,

Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Lyddell, Mr. Robinson, Sir William Middleton, Mr. Jenifon, Mr. Bromley, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Huxley, Sir Rowland A/ston, Mr. Vernon, Mr.

Conduitt. Lord Limerick, Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Plummer,

Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Sir Wm. Willys, Mr. Finch, General Sabine, Mr. Verney, Mr. Longueville, Lord Wm.

Powlett, Mr. Tufnell, Mr. Orlebar, Sir John Norris, Sir Wm. Strickland, Mr. Molyneux, Mr. Alderman Parsons,

Mr. St. John, Mr. Withers, Mr. Robarts, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Bramston, Mr. Brereton, Sir Wm. Stapleton, Sir James Thornhill, Mr. Pacey, Mr. Loivther, Mr. Baron TAompfon; Mr. Williams, Mr. Vincent-, And all the Members, that serve for the Counties of Durham, Northumberland, and Fork: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House being acquainted, that Alexander Luttrell, Minehead and Francis Whitworth, Esquires, fitting Members for the Election. Borough of Minehead, in the County of Somerset, did, on the Seventh Day of February instant, pursuant to the {landing Order of the House, of the Twenty-first of November, *717, leave with the Clerk of this House their Demand, in Writing, of the Qualification of George Grove, Esquire, one of the Petitioners, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough; and that the said Mr. Grove had not delivered in to the Clerk any Paper of his Qualification, pursuant to the said (landing Order;

The Demand of the said Qualification, and also the said (landing Order of the House, were read.

And the Clerk of the House, being called upon, acquainted the House, that he had not received any Particular of Mr. Grove's Qualification.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon so much of the Petition of Sir William Codrington, Baronet, and George Grove, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Minehead, in the County of Somerset, as relates to the said George Grove, Esquire, he having neglected to comply with the (landing Order of this House, whereby he is required to deliver In his Qualification to the Clerk of this House, within Fifteen Days after the Demand thereof.

Sir Charles Turner presented to the House (according Supply Bill; to Order) a Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax. Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1728; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Mayor, Alderman, and Burgesses, of EVefham,&c; the Borough of EveOiam, in the County of Worcester, Road.

was

i Geo. II. 270 — 28° Februarii. 67

was presented to the House, and' read; setting forth, that the Road from a Place called Noman's Ground, upon Broadway Hill, in the said County, to Stonebow Bridge, and the several Hoads from the said Borough, to Crop-thorn Brook, Hinton on the Green, the Gate in Offenharti Lane, leading to Sah/A Littleton, to Norton, and to Rr*/-fordton, are, by reason of many heavy Carriages passing through the fame, become so deep, and full of Quick-sands, that they are dangerous, and almost impassable: That the Statute-work, which has been duly performed, is not sufficient, neither are the Inhabitants of the adjacent Parishes of Ability, to repair the said Roads, unless some other Provision be made: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the effectual repairing and amending the said Roads.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir John Rushout, Mr. Rudge, Lord Lisburn, Mr. Sandy s, Lord Gage, 'Lord Morpeth, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Condutt, M . Selwyn, Mr. Alderman Child, Sir Richard Lane, Sir Thomas Lyttleton, Mr. Crowley Mr. Verney, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Orlebar, Mr. Shephard, Mr. Mor ton P ley dell, Mr. Leigh, Mr. Daniel Pulteney, Mr Chetwynd, Mr. Cox, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Crg/jr, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Winnington, Sir Nicholas Williams, Mr. Williams, Mr. Owen, Mr. Fox, Mr. Fa/ey, Lord /Fw. Powlety Mr. Waller, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Brampston, Sir Wm; and all the Members, that

serve for the Counties ol Gloucester, Worcester, Warwick, Hereford, and .* And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Russia Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fort-

Company. night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, toconsider of the Petition of the Fellowship of English Merchants, for DilcoVery of new Trades, commonly called the Russia Company.

Encouraging A Bid for encouraging Seamen, who shall enter volun-

Volunteer tarily into ins Majesty's Service, was (according to Order) beamcn. d 1

read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Sevennight, resolve it (elf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 2 8° die Februarii;

Anno i° Georgii IIdt Regis, 1727.

Prayers.

Lan^Tax5 A B I L L for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a ax* Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the

Service of the Year 1728, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Knights of the Shires, and other Members of this House, do prepare Lifts fairly written, of Commissioners Names, for executing the said Act, for the respedLve Counlies, Cities, and Places, for which there have been used 10 be Commissioners; and that the Christian and Surnames of the said Commissioners be written at Length.

Vbl. 21.

A Petition of the Vestry, and Inhabitants, of the Parish St. George of St. George, Hanover Square, within the Liberty of Hanorer-Westminster, in behalf of themselves, and others, Proprte- Tax-torsi of several Lands and Houses in the said Parish, was an presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that, since the Consecration of their Parish Church, in March, 1724, the said Parish, by virtue of an Act, of the Sixth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, for rebuilding the Par.lh Church of St. Martin's in the Fields, became a distin<ft Parish, and separated fr< in the Parish of St. Martin's in the Fields, to all Intents and Purposes: That by the Land Tax Acts, for the Three last Years, a certain Sum was charged to be paid by the City and Liberty of Westminster, and the Commissioners, for executing those Acts within the said Liberty, were authorized and required to cause the several Parishes within the said Liberty to be equally assessed, and Assessors and Collectors to be appointed for each Parish; which the Commissioners have not done with respect to the said Parish of St George, nor have they apportioned any Sum for that Parish; whereby the Petitioners are aggrieved: And praying the Confederation of the House and that the said Parish of St George, Hanover Square, may, like other Parishes, be charged with a proper and reasonable Proportion to the Land Tax, to be raised within the lame, dillind from any other Parish.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the H >use.

And it is referred to Colonel Bladen, Sir Richard Grof-venor, Mr. Curzon. Sir Geo Oxenden, Mr. Conduitt, Mr.

Whitworth, Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Sandys, Sir John Rushout,

Mr. Clayton, Mr. Scrope, Mr. Ba'hurst, Mr. Selwyn, Mr.

Ash, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Townsend, Sir Robert Sutton,

Mr. Hampden, Sir John Norris, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. St.

John, Mr. Willoughby, Mr Plumptre, Sir Robert Fur-ntfe, Mr. Lezvis, Mr. Duckett, Mr. Middleton, Sir Orlando Bridgman, Lri Micklethwaite, Mr. B.iron Thompson, Sir Roger Meredith, Mr. Fane, Mr. Chetwynd, Lord Grimston, Mi. Earle, Mr. Bond, Sir Tho. Frankland,

Mr. Ingram, Mr. Hope, Colonel Read, Mr. Norris,

Mr. Dr ax, Mr. Wither, Mr. Vincent, Lord Morpeth, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Waller, Sir Thomas Wentworth, Mr.

Brereton, Mr. Treasurer, Mr. Barnard, Mr. Efjington,

Sir John Eyles, Mr. Wort ley. Sir Nathanael Cur zon, Mr.

Williams, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Tilfon, Mr. Robinson, Lord Gage, Mr. Gregory, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Hajkyn Stiles,

Mr. Scawen, Mr. Masters, Mr. Keif all, Mr. Fane, Mr.

Harley, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Knight, Mr. Furnefe, General Sabine, Mr. Lyddall, Mr. Jennifon, Mr. Byng, Mr.

Cary, Sir Jermyn Davers, Mr. Goddard, Lord Marquis of Hartington, Mr. Heat haste, Mr. Hedges, Mr. Hed-worth, Mr. Hinxman, Mr. Owen, Mr. Huxley, M . Knotty s, Mr. Medlycot, Mr. Molyneux, Mr. Orlebar, Dr.

Sayer, Mr. Smell, Lord 7yrcornelI, General Wade, Mr.

Weaver, Sir Wm. Willys, Sir Wm. Wyndham, Sir Wm.

Yonge, Six Robert Rich: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Pay Book of his Majesty's Ship Pay Book of Colche/ler, the last Time the said Ship was paid, be laid the*>hip before this House. Colchester,

Ordered, That an Account of the Arrears of Seamen's Wages, as the same flood upon the last Recall, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account of what Money hath been saved by R's put upon Seamen's Names, for Twenty Years last past, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account of the Numbers of Seamen, who have paid the Six-pence per Month to Greenwich Hospital, for Five Years last past, distinguishing each Year, be laid before this H »use.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to give Directions

s8° Febru

68

A. 1727.

tions to the proper Officers, to lay before this House the said Pay Book, and Accounts.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

Debtors A Petition of the poor distressed and infol vent Prisoners

Petitions, for Debt, now lying in a strait and nauseous Gaol, kept at Rothwel, for the Honour of Pontefrafi, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners are many in Number, and reduced to such Necessities, that they arc not able to satisfy their Creditors even their just Demands, but are forced to suffer Confinement in the said Gaol, where there is no Subsistence allowed, not even Straw to lie on, but the County Gaol has good Allowance: That this Gaoler, through his Indulgency, in suffering some Prisoners to go abroad to beg Bread for themselves, and their fellow Sufferers, are deprived of the Benefit of the late Act of Insolvency; and the Effect of that fatal Year 1720 has more filled the said Gaol than ever: That in the 31st Year Carol. 2il an Act passed, for the Discharge of any Prisoner, that did not owe above f. 500 to any one Person, or that the Creditor should allow the Prisoner a weekly Maintenance; and all the insolvent Acts since have been limited to 50 and £. 100, whereby those Persons, who have been the most considerable Dealers to the Publick, have had no Benefit thereby, and dill remain confined: That the Petitioners are informed, his present Majesty was pleased to move his Father, upon his last Arrival to the Throne, to grant his Act of Insolvency, and set at Liberty all his poor Prisoners: Therefore the Petitioners doubt not, but that his Majesty, since his Accession to the Throne, with the Assistance of this House, will be pleased to grant his Act of Insolvency, to set all Debtors at Liberty; so that the Petitioners, and all other poor Prisoners, may be fer-viceable to their King and Country, in Defence of the Throne, and the Protestant Succession.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the poor insolvent Debtors in his Majesty's Gaol, the Castle of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners are very numerous, and by long Confinement are reduced to the lowed Ebb of Poverty and Want, and must inevitably perish, unless relieved by the House: And praying the House to take their deplorable Circumstances into Consideration. Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table* A Petition of the poor insolvent Debtors, confined in the Poultry-Compter, London, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that, notwithstanding the Petitioners importunate Prayers to their Creditors for Liberty, upon delivering up their All, yet no Regard or Pity hath been had thereto: That in the Reign of his late Majesty King George, this House passed a Bill, for Enlargement, or Subsistence, of Prisoners in Confinement; which Bill was twice read in the House of Lords; but the sudden Prorogation deferred the good Effects of the intended Clemency: That Liberty is reserved to Bankrupts under several Acts of Parliament, but no such Provision is made for the Release of others, how willing soever they may be to make their utmost Satisfaction: And praying the House to pity their Cafe, and give Leave, that a Bill may be brought in, for their Enlargement, or Subsistence in Confinement.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Hounslow Mr. Conduitt reported from the Committee, to whom

Heath, &c. the Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, living in,

Road. near, and travelling through, the "Road, leading from the Powder Mills on Hounslow Heath, in the County of Middlesex, to a Place, commonly called Basingstone, on Bagshot Heath, in the County of Surrey, was referred 5 that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House: And he read the Re-- port in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as follows; viz.

That the Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, of the 26th of February instant, proceeded to examine the Matter of the said Petition.

And it appeared to the Committee, by the Evidence of Mr. Robert Piper, who has travelled that Road upwards of Thirty Years, and by the Evidence of several other Persons, that the Road from Bel/ound to Staines, is very bad, and that there are Quick-sands in it; and that the Road from Egham to Bagshot is likewise in a very ruinous Condition, and very dangerous for Passengers; and that, though the Parishioners should do double the Work they are obliged to do by Law, it would not be sufficient to amend the said Roads; which cannot be effectually repaired, without some farther Provision be made by Parliament for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Road from the Powder Mills on Hounslow Heath, in the County of Middlesex, to a Place called Baflngstone, near the Town of Bagshot, in the Parish of Windlesham, in the County of Surrey; and that Mr. Conduitt, Lord William Powlet, Mr. James Bertie, and Mr. Scawen, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for Puniftiing the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters, was read a Second time. c

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Earle (according to Order) reported from the LymcRegii Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it Ele^lon* appeared to them, touching the Election for the Borough of Lyme Regis, in the County of Dorset, and the Resolution of the Committee thereupon; which Report he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read: And the Report, and Resolution of the Committee, are as follows; viz.

Upon the Petition of Henry Holt Henley, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return of John Burridge, junior, Esquire, to serve for the Borough of Lyme Regis, in the County of Dorset; and also, the Petition of divers Inhabitants of the Borough, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many others, who have a Right to vote at the Election of Burgesses, to represent the Borough in Parliament, praying Relief against the Pretentious of Mr. Henley to be one of the Representatives for this Borough:

That the Committee proceeded to examine the Merits of this Election, so far as the same were referred to them.

The House having adjudged, that Mr. Burridge, being Mayor of this Borough at the Time of the Election and the proper Officer, to whom the Precept was directed, was not capable of being elected, and returned, for the same Borough;

The Counsel for Mr. Henley proceeded to make good the Allegation in his Petition that he was duly elected.

And they alleged, that the Right of Election is in the Mayor, capital Burgesses, and Freemen, of the Borough.

That the Poll, as between Mr. Henley and Mr. Burridge, was,

For Mr. Henley - 41:

For Mr. Burridge - 52.

Mr. Henley's Counsel called

Mr. Thomas Cowper, and John Bowdidge; who, being examined, gave Evidence, that at the time of the Election, upon Mr. Burridge's declaring himself a Candidate,

Mr. Henley made a publick Declaration to the Voters, that Mr. Burridge, being then Mayor, was incapable of being elected for this Borough.

George Buck, being examined, laid, that about Two or 23 Three

I Geo. II.

0

Three Days before the Writs, for calling tKis Parliariiefit, came out. Sixteen Voters, who he minted, were admit^ ted Freemen by Mr. Bur ridge, as Mayor, Upon Condition, that they voted for him in the Election-, which they promised, and gave Notes to perform $ and that they all voted for him accordingly, arid not one of them for Mr.* Henley. r /

That no body appeared before the Committee,;to make good the Allegations in the said other Petition of the Inhabitants above-mentioned against Mr. Henley. ' That the Committee came to the following Refchi-tion; viz. i

Resolved, That. it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Henry Holt Henley, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Lyme Regis, in the County of Dotfet.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return for the Borough of Lyme Regis, in the County of Dorset, by rating out the Name of John Burridge, junior, Esquire, and inserting the Name of Henry Holt Henley, Esquire, instead thereof.

Kennedy* A Petition of Sir William Dudley, Baronet, and Dame ElUt* Elizabeth, his Wife, only Daughter and Issue of Sir Richard Kennedy, of Mount Kennedy, in the Kingdom of Ireland, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that in 1706 Sir Richard Kennedy, being feiled of an Estate Tail in the Manor of Mount Kennedy, and other Lands in Ireland, by Deed and Recoveries barred the Estate Tail, and limited the same to the Use of himself in Fee; and by his Will devised the same to the Petitioner, Dame Elizabeth, and her Heirs; and in 1710 died: That in 1713 Elizabeth Jones, the Petitioner's great Aunt, informed the late Queen, that Sir Richard Kennedy's Estate, during the Life of Sir Wm. Kennedy, was forfeited, and vested in the Crown, by the Outlawry of Sir William, 6th and 7th Gul. Regis, for being in the Rebellion in Ireland, which Outlawry being before the said Recoveries, they did not bar the Right of the Crown, during Sir William's Life; but no further Proceedings were had on the said Information, during the Queen's Life: That in 1724, upon the Application of Robert Jones, Son of the said Elizabeth, a Commission was granted, to inquire into the said Forfeiture; and he obtained a Cujiodium of the said Estate, and came into Possession; and has received the Rents and Profits ever since, without paying any of the principal Sums, which are Incumbrances thereon prior to the Crown, or any Interest for the fame: That the said Estate, if continued in his Possession, will produce nothing to the Publick, but will tend to the Ruin of the Petitioners, and their Children: And, in regard it is directed by Acts of Parliament, that the said forfeited Estate should be sold for the Benefit of the Publick, the Petitioners pray, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for veiling the said forfeited Estate, during Sir Wm. Kennedy's Life, in Trustees, to be sold, subject to the Incumbrances thereon prior to the Forfeiture, and that the Petitioners, paying a valuable Consideration, may have the Preference in such Purchase, or may have such other Relief, as the House shall think fit.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, that this same having been represented to his Majesty, his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that his Majesty gives his Consent, that this House may do therein as they think fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Sir Wm. Tonge, Lord Limerick, and Mr. William Fortescue, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, refblve itself into a Committee of the whole Vol.21.

House, to 'Consider flirt tier of the Supply granted to his Majesty. '

[ , And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow , Morning, Nine of the Clock.

J yovts, 2 90 die Februarii\

-Anno 1° (Georgii IIdl Regis, 1727.

Prayers.

T H E Clerk of the Crown attended, and (according Lyme Regis to Order) amended, the Return for the Borough of Return Lyme Regis, in the County of Dp-Jet. amended.

A Petition of all the insolvent Debtors confined in the Debtors Castle of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; Potion, setting forth, that the Petitioners are many in Number, being Grafiers, Farmers, Tradesrnen, Gentlemen, but mostly those belonging to the Woollen Manufacturevwho, by the Decay of that Trade for many Years pad, are reduced to great Poverty: That many of the Petitioners, when first arrested, were fair Dealers, and in tolerable good Circumstances, and have offered great Competitions* to their Creditors, who would have all their Debts, or none; so that the Petitioners differed themselves to be brought to Gaol, the better-to enable them to make an equal Dividend amongst all their Creditors; so that by their Creditors rigorous Proceedings many are in Execution, who have wasted their little Substance, and are forced to lie on Pads of Straw upon the cold Ground:

That their Apartments, being very narrow and close, have caused great Sickness among them; so that within Two Months lately they have buried 17 Persons, and it is no. Surprize to bury Two in a Day now, many of whom have been starved, notwithstanding the Country's Charity may seem great: And praying the House to take their calamitous Circumstances into Consideration, and release the Prisoners in all the Gaols of this Kingdom.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Rotenger presented to the House (according to Reading, &c. Order) a Bill for the more effectual repairing the High- Roads* ways between the Bear Inn in Reading, and Puntfield, in the County of Berks, and for amending the Road, leading out of the said Highways to Burghfield Hatch, and from Puntfield aforesaid to Seven Mile Stone, and from thence to Aldermarston Bridge, in the said County; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Poienger reported from the Committee, to whom Maidenhead, the Bill for making more effectual an Act, passed in the *c* Road#' Fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, intituled, "An Act for repairing the Highways cc from Maidenhead Bridge to Sunning Lane End, next to " Fwyfurd, in the Road to Reading, and from the said " Bridge to Henly Bridge, in the County of Berks," was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the said Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with some Amendments to one of them, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of Sir Jeremy Vanacker Sambrook, Baronet, Queen-was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that a new Writ having issued, for electing a Burgess, to c ion* serve in Parliament for the Borough of Queenborough,

Com' Kent, in the room of John Crowley, Esquire,

S deceased.

VfViifelow'j

Nat.

Money stolen oat of the Exchequer.

Kennedy's

Estate.

, An!wer to Address; Disposition of Grams.

FebrHdrii. — A? Martii. 1727.

7 O',

d^eeased; Sir George Saunders^ and the Petitioner, flood ing on the feme* necessary Services, for strengtbening his Candidates: That at the said Election many Persons wene Alliances, and in fulfilling Engagements, or the utmost

admitted to poll for Sir George Saunders, who had no Right, arid many ocher corrupt and irtdirieft Practices were used, to procure Sir George to be elected, and returned j and he is returned, though the Petitioner was duly eJefted by a Majority of good Votes, and ought to have been returned a Burg'efs for the said Borough, instead of the fad Sir George Saunders: And praying such Relief in the Premisesf, as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-ftd^ration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and char they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Abraham Wejjelow was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner was born out of his Majesty's Allegiance, but is a Protestant, dnd has given good Proof of his Loyalty, and the Good bf this Kingdom: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bilf for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Player of the said Petition; and that the Lord Finch and the Lord Wm. P owlet t do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir William Yonge presented so she House (according to Ordet)f a Bill for the Relief of the Lord William Powletty one of the tellers of the Exchequer, in respect of a Sum of Money, stoleri out of his Office in the Year 1724; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir William Yohge presented to the House (according to Order) a Bill for Sale of the Estate of Sir Richard Kenkedy> Baronet, deceased, in the Kingdom of Ireland,

Importance to these Kingdoms, and to the general Tran-r quillity of Europe^ and which require the greatest Secrecy. His Majesty therefore hopes, that this House will repose the same Confidence in him, and be assured, that the Money has been necessarily expended, pursuant to the Power given by Act of Parliament, and for the Uses and Purposes thereby directed; and that a particular and distinct Account thereof cannot be given, without maoi-fest Prejudice to the Publick.

A Motion being made, and the Question being puf. That the House do adjourn till Monday Morning next; The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas,{j

'Mr. Huxkv:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

202.

66.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock*

Lurtec, 40 die Martii;

Anno i° Georgii II41 Regis, 1727.

Prayers,

THE Lord William Powlett presented to the House Weflelow'* (according to Order) a Bill for naturalizing Abra- Nat. ham WeJJ'elGW; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Conduitt presented to the House (according to Or- Hounslow

4 — &c.

foffeited during t(te Life of Slit William Kennedy, hi* der) a Bill for repairing the Road from the Powder Mills

great Unclfc; and the fdme was received, arid read the Fltffi tirtife.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time,

Mr. Treasurer repotted to the Hpufe, that theit Address, of the Nineteenth Day of February instant, That his Majesty would be graciously pleased to direct the jrioper Officers tb lay before this HUufe, a particular and distihft Account of the Distribution Of the Sutn of Two hundred and Pifty thousand Pounds, Which, iri an Account, laid before this House, shewing, how the Money, given for the Year 1727, has been disposed of, is charged to have been issued for other Expences, and Engagements, oves arid above such, as are therein particularly specified, for securing the Ttade and Navigation of this Kingdom, and preserving and restoring the Peace of Europe; arid of the Tirtie, or Tinier, wheh the said Sum of Two hundred and Fifty thousand Pounds was issued and distributed; had been presented to his Majesty; and that hifc Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that the late King, his Majesty's royal Father, having, upon the like Occasion, received from the last Parliament the most dutiful Acknowlegentents of his great Care and Wisdom in taking such Steps, and entering into frich Engagements, as he thought would best conduce to the Security of this Kingdom, and the Prefetvation of the Peace of Europe, and at the same time theftrongeft Assurancesof their future Support in all such farther Meafutes, as he should find necessary and expedient, for preventing a Rupture, and for the Honour and Advantage of these Kingdoms; and a Power being accordingly given by Parliament to his late Majesty, for issuing and applying such Sums of Money, as he should find necessary, for answering and defraying such Expences, and Engagements, as had been, or should be, made for these great and necessaTy Purposes; some Part of the Money, mentioned in this Address, had been issued and disbursed by his late Majesty, and the remaining Part has been applied by his Majesty, for carry-

on Hounjhw Heath, in the County of Middlesex, to a Place called Basingstone, near the Town of Bagshot, in the Parish of Windlejkam> in the County of Surrey; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Debtor*

Petition.

A Petition of the poor distressed and insolvent Debtors in the Gaol for the County of Hertford, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners are utterly debarred of their Liberty, as locked up in a Grave, and have no Hopes of Relief, but from this House, they having already offered their All ro their Creditors, who have rejected the lame, and seem better satisfied with their Confinement, and would rather have them starve, there being no Maintenance for Debtors in the said Gaol: That the Nation in general had great Reafori to condole the Death of his late Majesty, so they seemed well pleased with his present Majesty's peaceable Accession to the Throne, from whose unlimited Goodness the Petitioners have all the Security, their Hearts can wish, that he will concur with this House in so charitable a Work, as a Bill for the Relief of insolvent Debtors:

And praying, that such a Bill may be brought into the House.

Ord&edy That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Bill for the Relief of the Lord Wm. Powletty one Money stolo of the Tellers of the Exchequer, in respect of a Sum of of the Money, stolen out of his Office in the Year 1724, was Exche<lucr' read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itfetf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, at Two of the Clock

in

National

Debt.

Answer to Addrefi.

Muster-masters in the Navy,

St. George Hanover Square Land Taxi

National Debt.

r Geo. II. 4* — r5*

in the Afternoon, resolve if self into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the State of the Nation, in relation to the national Debt.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander Qkocke do attend the said Committee of the whole House.

Ordered, That Mr. Stephen Downes do attend the said Committee of the whole House.

Ordered, That Mr. James Green do attend the said Committee of the whole House.

Ordered, That Mr. Peter Le Heup do attend the said Committee of the whole House.

Mr. Treasurer reported to the House, that their Address, of Wednesday last, That his Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers, that the Pay Book of his Majesty's Ship Colchester, and the several Accounts of Arrears of Seamens Wages, and what Money hath been saved by Rs put upon Seamens Names, and the Numbers of Seamen, who have paid the Six-pence per Month to Greenwich Hospital, for the Times mentioned in the said Address... had been prefenced to his Majesty $ and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he will give Directions to the proper Officers, for laying the same before this House.

Mr. Cockburne, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

An Account of what Muster-masters have been appointed for any Fleet, or Squadron, fmee the Year 1688; and also,

A Copy of the (landing I nstructions, which have been given to the Muster-masters of his Majesty's Fleets or Squadrons of Ships.

And the Titles thereof were read.

Ordered, That the said Account, and Instructions, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account, and Instructions, are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the Vicar, Churchwardens, Vestry, and other Inhabitants, and Landholders, of the Parish of St. Martin in the Fields, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that, as they apprehend, the Separation of the Parish of St. George, Hanover Square, from the said Parish of St. Martin in the Fields, extends only to their Pari Hi Rates and Duties, and not to the Land Tax, or any parliamentary' Tax: That the Parish of St. Martin will be highly prejudiced, in case the said Parish of St. George, Hanover Square, should have any particular Sum raised within the lame, distinct from St. Martin's Parish, where the Rents daily lessen, by reason of the daily Increase of Buildings in St. George's Parish: And praying the Consideration of the House, and that they may be heard, before any Alteration be made in the Bill for the Land Tax for 1728.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Vestry, and Inhabitants, of the Parish of St. George, Ha-fiover Square, within the Liberty of Westminster, in behalf of themselves, and others, Proprietors of several Lands, and Houses, in the said Parish, is referred j and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Ordered, That Sir Tho. Sebright, Sir Wm. Barker, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Leve/on Gower, Sir Walter Bagot, Mr. Fox, Mr. Cornwall, and Sir Edward Stanley, be added to the said Committee.

The Order, for the House torefolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, toconsiderof the State of the Nation, in relation to the national Debt, being read j

Ordered, That the Account of such of the national Debts, incurred before the Twenty-fifth of December, 1716, as are redeemable by Parliament with the Interest, Vo 1. 81.

Martii. 71

or Annuity, attending the fame, and-when-the same arc redeemable* be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Money, paid into the Exchequer, arisen upon the Duties on Coals and Culm, continued! by an Act, of the Fifth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, for building new Churches, and for the Supply of that Year, from the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty, to the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-seven, distinguishingeach Year, and also the Account of the present annual and other Charges thereupon, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account, shewing how the Money, given for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-(even, hath been disposed of, distinguished under the several Heads, until the Fifteenth of February One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-seven, with the Deficiency thereupon, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimateof the Debt of his Majesty's Navy, as it stood on the Thirty-first of December One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-seven, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House refoived itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that they had made some Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, refove itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Nation, in relation to the national Debt.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, refove itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-eight.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 5° die Martii;

Anno, i* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1727.

Prayirs.

aBRAHAM Wesfelow took the Oaths appointed^ in order to his Naturalization.

A Petition of the poor insolvenr Debtors confined in the County Gaol of Salop, was prefenled to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners have laboured under many Years Imprisonment j and the unhappy Disappointment they met with in the last Act for Relief of insolvent Debtors, with the Dearness of Provisions, render them most deplorable ObjeCU of Pity and Companion: That as it hath been ufuaifor his Majesty's royal Predecefi'ors to shew their Charity, upon their first Accession to the Crown, to all, who Hand in need of it; so the Petitioners doubt not, but that his Majesty will readily follow their pious Example, provided it be recom-

% mended

Ways' and Means.

Supply Bill 1 Land Tax.

Supply.

Committees.

Debtor*

Petitions.

72

5° Mttrtii. J.i jij.

mended by the House: And praying, that such a. Bill the said Petitions are now depending; and that the said may be brought in this Session, as may anfiyer the Pe- Sir father* Croft hath since been elected, and returned actioners Request, and Release, from their Confinement. Baron, to serve for the Port of Winckelfea, in the County Ordered\ That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, of Sussex, upon a late Vacancy for the said Port, and that A Petition of the poor Prisoners for Debt, remaining he hath this Day taken his Place in this House, to serve in his Majesty's Gaol at Cardiffe, in the County of Gla- for the said Port accordingly; mergan, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was

prelenfed to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Ordered\ That a' Committee be appointed, to search Blectioni —

Petitioners, by fundryMisfortunes, have groaned under a Precedents in relation to a Petitioner, claiming a Seat in fof longand tediousimprisonment, and thereby are incapable this House for one Place, and who is afterwards elected anotherPUce. of paying their Creditors their whole Debts, though they for another Place, pending such. Petition; and that they pending are willing to make the utmost Satisfaction they can, do make Report thereof to the House. Petition,

which their unmerciful Creditors have refused to accept: And it is referred to Mr. Wyndkam, Sir Wm.Yonge, Mr.

That Murderers and Traitors have a far better Fate than Gybbon, Mr, Sandys, Mr. Pelham, Mr, Norris, Sir Geo.

'the Petitioners, whoseLives are foondetermined; and the Oxcnden, Mr. Pulteney, Colonel Bladen, Mr. Nea/y Mr.

Petitioners are informed, that in other Nations, as also in Dodington, Mr. Conduitt, Colonel Churchill, Mr. Treasurer, the northern Parts of our own, upon the Debtor's deliver- Mr. Cornwall Mr. Winnington, Lord Gage, Nix Chetwynd\ ing up all his Effects to his Creditors, he shall be dif- Mr. Mo/ynenxy Colonel Pulteney, Sir John RuJhouly Lord charged from his Imprisonment, or the Creditor shall be Finch, Sir John Norris, Six Edmund Baton, Mr. Earle, Sir obliged to maintain the Debtor, during his Confinement: Charles Turner, Mr. Fortescue, Lord IVm. Rowlett, Mr.

And praying, that the House will take their deplorable Bristow, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Geersy Mr. Lawson, Sir WiJ»

Cafe into Consideration, and bring in a Bill for the Relief frid Lawson, Mr. Ross, Sir Robert Sutton, Mr. Claytony Mr. of insolvent Debtors, as shall be thought fit. Plummer, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Douglas, Mr. Longue-

Ordered That the said Petition do lie upon the Table. ville, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Mr. Alderman Child, Mr.

A Petition of the insolvent Debtors, confined upon Masters> Mr. Bertie, Mr. Fox, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Perry, Sir EscapeWarrants, and other Process, in his Majesty's Gaol John Eyles, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Vincent, or any Five of them: of Newgate, London* in behalf of themselves, and many And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the others, so confined in the several County Gaols of this Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; setting Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com-forth, that many unfortunate Persons have been confined mittee, that they do also search Precedents in Cafes of for 14 Years, and upwards, languishing out their Days, such Election, where the First Election is, in Favour of by reason of the Severity of the Law now in being in such Candidate, controverted upon the Petition of the such Cases; whereby many useful Members are excluded Electors; and make Report thereof to the House. from the publick Community, and numberless Families

become chargeable to their several Parishes; nor can they Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Pii- Bucking-expect any Relief, but by Death, though they have vileges and Elections, touching the Election for the County han.tiuro offered all they have to their Creditors, unless the Legis- of Bucks, be received upon Morning next. Elea‘°"'

lature will interpose, the Petitioners on account of Escape

Warrants having always been excluded all Benefit of That the Matter of the Petition of the honour- Richmond

Mercy by the Acts, passed for Relief of insolvent Debtors: able Sir Conyers D'Arcy, Knight of the most honourable ‘Election.

And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill Order of the Bath, and Jo/m Yorke, Esquire, complain-for the Petitioners Relief, by obliging their Creditors to ing of an undue Election and Return for the Borough accept of the utmost Satisfaction they can make. of Richmond, in the County of York, and which waj> re-

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, ferred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, and

ordered to be heard before the said Committee upon this Maidenhead, An ingrossed Bill for making more effectual an Act, Day, be heard at the Bar of this House.

&c. Roads, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his late Ma- Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard jetty King George, intituled, "An Act for repairing the at the Bar of this House upon Saturday Morning next*

« Highways from Maidenhead Bridge to Sunning Lane Ordered, That the Matter of the Petition of Anthony " End, next to Twyford, in the Road to Reading, and Close, George Allen, Henry Lanchtfer, Ralph Brocke/i,

" from the said Bridge to Henley Bridge, in the County John Robinson, William Kay, Thomas Metcalfe, George of Berks," was read the Third time. Cowling, Thomas Broke, John Brockell, John Elesworth,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, John Brown, Robert Wilson, Francis Bell, Henry Wilson,

An Act for making more effectual an Act, passed in the William Chappell, Jonathan Hejlopp, Joseph Heflopp, Edward Fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Harland, Christopher Farmer, Christopher Dufton, John George, intituled, "An Act for repairing the Highways King, Thomas Bateman, Samuel Atkinson, Wm. Grindal!,

« from Maidenhead Bridge to Sunning Lane End, next to John Gale, William Outhwaite, Thomas Johnson, Thomas «< Twyford, in the Road to Reading, and from the said Awton, and Ralph Langstaffe, on behalf of themselves,

" Bridge to Henly Bridge, in the County of Berks? and divers other Persons, Owners of ancient Burgages Ordered, That Mr. Potenger do carry the Bill to the within the Borough of Richmond, in the County of York,

Lords, and desire their Concurrence. complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough of Richmond, and which was referred to the Member Sir Archer Croft, Baronet, took the Oaths, and made Committee of Privileges and Elections, and ordered: to takes Oaths, and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed be heard before the said Committee at the same time the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for they heard the Matter of the aforesaid Petition of Sir those Purposes. Conyers UArcy and Mr. Yorke, be heard at the Bar of this House at the same time the Matter of the said Petition

Leominster The House taking Notice, that on the Fifth of February of Sir Conyers D'Arcy and Mr. Yorke is appointed to be

Election. a Petition of Sir Archer Croft, Baronet! and also a Pe- heard at the Bar.

tition of the late Bailiff, and several of the Burgesses, and Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec-Inhabitants, of the Borough of Leominster, in the County tions be discharged from proceeding upon the Matter of of Hereford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in be- the said Petitions, half of themselves, and others, severally complaining of an

undue Election and Return for the said Borough, were Ordered, That the Order, for the House torefolve itself National presented to the House, and read, and were severally or- into a Committee of the whole House, upon Thursday dered to be referred to the Consideration of the Commit- Morning next, to consider further of the State of the Na-tce of Privileges and Elections, before which Committee tion, in relation to the national Debt, be discharged;

17 Resolved,

Puniftung Mutiny and Dcimion.

Supply Bill; Land 7'ax.

St. Georgii, Hanover Square, Land Tax.

Debtors

Petitions.

Ellison's

Name.

i Geo. II. 5° — 6° 73

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into the said Committee of the whole House.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved^That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for punifl>ing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain> for the Service of the Year 1728.

Ordered, That Lord James Cavendish, Mr. AiJIabie, Mr-Gascoigne, Mr. Hunger ford, Mr. Worjley, Sir Philip Torky Colonel Godolphin, Mr. Burchett, Mr. Barnard, Sir fVm. Middleton, Mr. Child, Lord IVm. P owlet t, Mr. Auditor Harley, Lord Finch, Mr. Vincent, Mr. John Finely Mr. Bertie, Mr. Hen. Finch, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Edward Finch, Sir John Cope, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Cope, Mr. Lutwych, Mr. Hacks, Mr. Conduit/, Mr. Gibson, Sir IVm. Blackett Mr. Turner, Mr. Fenwick, Mr. Law Jon, Mr. Thompson, Sir Mr. Henley, Mr. Jetiifon, Mr. Bromley,

Sir f/xwJ Cotton, be added to the Committee to

whom the Petition of the Vestry, and Inhabitants, of the Parish of 5/. George, Hanover Square, within the Liberty of Westminster, in behalf of themselves, and others, Proprietors of several Lands, and Houses, in the said Parish, is referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 6° die Martii;

Anno i° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1727.

Prayers.

AP ET IT IO N of the poor confined Debtors in the Prison of Ludgate, within the City of London, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that the Petitioners are under an inexprefiible State of Poverty and Misery, by their long Confinement in Prison, without hopes of Relief, but by the Mercy of this Parliament: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for Belief of insolvent Debtors, on surrendering up their Effects to their Creditors, or that they may give the Debtor an Allowance, while kept in Gaol.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table. A Petition of the poor miserable Prisoners confined for Debts and Damages in the County Gaol of Oxon, in behalf of themselves, and many thousands more in the several Gaols of this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners are under an inexprefiible State of Poverty and Misery, by their long Confinement in Prison, without Hopes of Relief, but by the Mercy of this Parliament: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for Relief of insolvent Debtors, on surrendering up their Effects to their Creditors, or that they may give the Debtor an Allowance while kept in Gaol.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Bowes reported from the Committee to whom the Bill to enable Robert Ellison, Esquire, and the Heirs and Issue of his Body, to cake and ule the Surname of Carre, according to the Will of his Uncle Francis Carrey Esquire, deceased, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Vox.. 21.

A Bill for the more effectual repairing the Highways Reading between the Bear Lin in Reading, and Puntfieldy in the &c*Roads‘ County of Berks, and for amending the Road, leading out of the said Highways to Burghfe/d Hatch, and from Puntfield aforesaid to Seven Mile Stone, and from thence to Aldermarston Bridge, in the said County, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Potengery Mr. Bacon, Lord Marquis of Hartington, Mr. Bromley, Mr.

Molyneux, Mr. Gwynny Mr. Townsend, Mr. Lowther. Mr.

Cornwall Mr. Sandys, Mr. Gybbon, L»rd Harvey, Sir John Norris, Mr. Plummer, Mr. Orlebar, Mr. Pacey, Sir Ed~ mund Bacon, Mr. BrampJlony Mr. Bayly, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Mr. Perry, Mr. Cunningham, Sir John Shelley,

Mr. Lawson, Mr. Bond, Mr. Earle, Mr. St. John, Mr.

Halsey, Mr. EJJingtony Mr. Compton, Sir John Rushout, Mr.

Wynney Mr. CaJ'ar, Mr. Oglethorpe, Sir John Hynd Cotton,

Mr. Geers, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Bertie, Sir IVif rid Luwfoti,

Mr. Annejley, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Coffiny Mr. Drew, Mr.

Fortescue, General IVade, Mr. Gay, S-r Thomas Setnight,

Sir IVm. Carew 5 and all the Membeis, that lerve for the Counties of Berks, Southampton, and V ilts: A no r hey are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of several Merchants in and about the City Encouraging of London, and Parts adjacent, whose Names are there- Volunteer unto subscribed, being Owners of Ships trading to foreign Seam€n* Parts, in behalf of themselves, and others, wasprefenied to the House, and read; setting forth, that, by the Votes of this House, the Petitioners find a Bill was presented the 19th of this instant February, for encouraging Seamen, who shall voluntarily enter into his Majesty's Service; but no Provision is made therein, to prevent impressing Seamen out of Merchant* ships, either homeward or outward bound, after they are entered at the Custom-house; which Practices are very prejudicial to the Trade and Navigation of this Kingdon: And praying, that feme Provision may be made in the said Bill, for preventing the impressing Seamen out of Merchants-ships, homeward or outward bound, or grant them such Relief, as the H use shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for encouraging Seamen, who shall enter voluntarily into his Majesty's Service, is committed.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his imprelj Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to give Dircc- Service, tions to the proper Officers, to lay before this House, an Account of the Sum or Sums of Money, which were expended in the imprefiing of Seamen, from the Twenty-fifth of December, 1725, to the Twenty-fifth ot December,

1727, including the Expence of Smacks, and other Vessels, employed in that Service; with an Account of the Number of Seamen imprefied during such Time, distinguishing the Number of able Seamen from those who w ere not such.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Pri- Bucking-vileges and Elections, touching the Election for the County hamshire

of Bucks, which is appointed to be received Tomorrow Election. Morning, be received upon Titefday Morning next.

A Petition of John Lanove was presented to the House, Lanove'i and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner was born out of his Majesty s Allegiance; is a Protestant, and has given good Proof of his Loyalty, and the good of this Kingdom: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr.

Robert Eyre and Mr. Geers do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

T Mr.

74

6* — 7° Martii. A. 1717.

Tty Book Mr. Pearfe (from the Commissioners of the Navy)

of the ship presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Colchester, Majestyf

The Pay Book of his Majesty's Ship Colchester, the last Time the said Ship was paid; and also,

An Account of the Numbers of Seamen who have been borne on board his Majesty's Ships and Vessels in Sea-pay, between the First Day of January, 1722, and the Thirty-first Day of December, 1727, from whose Wages Six-pence per Month is payable to Greenwich Hospital, distinguishing each Year.

And the Titles thereof were read.

Ordered, That the said Pay Book, and Account, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The Pay Book of the Ship Colchester was delivered back, pursuant to the Order of the House, of the 21 ft Day of May following.

Six-pence* The House being informed, that Mr. Hawes, from the paid by Office for receiving the Six-pences due out of the Wages Seamen. of aj| Seamen employed in the Merchants Service, for the Benefit of Greenwich Hospital, attended at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, An Account of the Numbers of Seamen employed in the Merchants Service, who have paid the Six-pence per Month to Greenwich Hospital, for Five Years last past, distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as follows; viz.

Receiver's Office, 1 An ACCOUNT of the Numbers of sower-street, the > Seamen employed in the Merchants 5th March, 1727. .1 Service, who have paid the Six-pence per Month to Greenwich Hospital, for Five Years last past, distinguislhing each Year: Prepared by Order of the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, pursuant to an Address to his Majesty from the honourable House of Commons, of the 28th of last Month.

1722, and the Thirty-first Day of December, i7z7» from whose Wages Six-pence per Month is payable to Greenwich Hospital, distinguishing each Year, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Pay Book of his Majestyrs Ship Col-chejlery the last Time the said Ship was paid, be referred to the said Committee*

Ordered, That it bean Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause for making a further Provision for the Seamen, during their Sickness on board his Majesty's Ships.

Ordered, That it bean Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause for the effectual providing for the Payment of such Seamen as have been employed in the publick Service for a certain Time to be limited, if they are then in Great Britain, or as soon after, as they shall return thither.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause for preventing Seamen from being arrested for small Debts, during such Time as they do actually belong to any of his Majesty's Ships of War.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir fVm. Strickland took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir tVm. Strickland reported from the Committee, that they had made some Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

ResolvedyThzX. this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Peny and Mr. Alderman Pay/ons St. George, be added to the Committee to whom the Petition of the HanoVir Vestry, and Inhabitants, of the Parish of St. George, Land

Hanover Square % within the Liberty of Westminster, in behalf of themselves, and others, Proprietors of several Lands, and Houses, in the said Parish, is referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock,

1 Years. 1 Numbers of Men.

I *723 *3.513

1714 23,041

1725 25,441

1 1726 22,790

1 i7»7 1 23,073

F. Hawes. IV. Young.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for encouraging Seamen who shall enter voluntarily into his Majesty's Service, is committed.

Encouraging The Order of the Day (for the House to resolve itself Volunteer into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Seamen, encouraging Seamen who shall enter voluntarily into his Majesty's Service) being read;

Ordered, That his Majesty's most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of what Muster* matters have been appointed for any Fleet, or Squadron, since the Year 1688, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of the (landing Instructions which have been given to the Muster-masters of his Majesty's Fleets, or Squadrons of Ships, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Numbers of Seamen who have been borne on board his Majesty's Ships and Vessels in Sea-pay, between the First Day of January,

Jovisy 70 die Martii;

Anno i° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1727.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the poor insolvent Debtors in the Sheriff's Ward at Bodtnyn % in Cornwall and in the Prisons at Lejiwithiely Trematouy and Merazyon, January the Twenty-fifth, 1727, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that their half-starved Bodies, together with the Tears of their Wives and Children, compel the Petitioners to beg the Compassion of the House for their Releafcment, or that their Creditors may be obliged to maintain them in Prison, they having gotten their All, that they may be put upon the same Footing with Bankrupts: And praying Relief in such Manner as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Robert Eyre presented to the House (according to Order) a Bill for naturalizing John Lanove\ and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Lord Marquis of Hartington reported from the Committee to whom the Bill for repairing the Road, leading from Chatteris Ferry, which divides the Me of Ely from the County of Huntingdon, to Somersham Bridge, at Somersham Town's End, in the said County, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true \ and had

gone

Debtors

Petition.

Lanove,»

Nat.

Chatteris

Ferry

Road.

i Geo. II. 7* — 8°

gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Repoit in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the said Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Andover Ordered, That Matthew Skinner, Serjeant at Law, and

Election. Ketelbey, Esquire, be at Liberty to withdraw their Petition, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Andover, in the County of

Southampton.

Ordered, That the approved Men, and Burgesses, of the said Borough of Andover, who have petitioned this House, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, and that their Votes were refused by the Bailiff, beat Liberty to withdraw their said Petition,

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the Matter of the said Petitions.

Milbome Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee

EifaCn ^v^eges and Elections, that the Matter of the Return for the Borough of Milborne Port, in the County of So-merftet, complained of in the Petition of "Thomas Barret, late Deputy Bailiff of the said Borough, and also the Matter of the Return for the said Borough, complained of in the Petition of William Lock, Esquire, appointed to be heard before the said Committee upon this Day, be heard before the said Committee upon Tuesday next.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Suoply BUI5 Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, at Land Tax. Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty eight.

Money stolen The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a out nf the Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Exchequer. }{e|jef of the Lord William Powlett, onc of the Tellers of the Exchequer, in respect of a Sum of Money stolen out of his Office in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-four.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Wm. Yonge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Wm. Yonge reported from the Committee, that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be trueand that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made some Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Punishing The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Mutiny and Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for punish-Dcicxuon. ing ^utjny ancj Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Pelham took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Pelham reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tuesday Morning next. 5

5i. George, Ordered, That Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr. Tyrell, Mr.

>quare, CLand ^lar^es Boon, Lord Viscount Gallway, Colonel Fane, Sir

Tax. ' Vol, 21.

Marin. 75

Adolphus Oughton, Mr. S hep heard, Mr. Neale, Mr. Godfrey Clarke, Lord Viscount Cafilemain, Lord Inchequirt, Lv>rd Viscount Shannon, Mr. Grosvenor, Sir Wm* Staple-ton, and Mr. Tho. Blaaen, be added to the Committee to whom the Petition of the Vestry, and Inhabitants, of the Parish of St. George, Hanover Square, within the Liberty of Westminster, in behalf of themselves, and others. Proprietors of several Lands, and Houses, in the said Parish, is referred*

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vsnerisy 8° die Martii;

Anno i# Georgii IP1 Regis, 1727*

Prayers.

A PETITION of several Gentlemen, Tradesmen, Coalfley.&c.

and others, living in and near Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that, since the repairing of the Roads from 2?/r-mingham to Wednesbury and Great Bridge, pursuant to art Act, of the Thirteenth Year of his late Majesty's Reign,

Coals at Wednesbury are raised to an excessive Rate, to the great Prejudice of the Petitioners, and their Neighbours, and the Ruin of the great and useful Trade of Birmingham, and adjacent Places, the Roads to other Coal Pits being almost inipaffable, and the Inhabitants unable to repair the fame: And therefore praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Road from Great Bridge to Coalfley, in the Parish of Sedgeley, in the County of Stafford, to the end Coals may be supplied from thence at a reasonable Rate.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Dig by, Sir Nathanael Curzon,

Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Duncomb, Sir James Campbell, Mr.

Hedworth, Sir Wm. Willys, Mr. Clavering, Mr. Lloyd,

Mr. Eyre, Sir Walter Bagoty Mr. Lewis, Mr. Polhill,

Mr. Bail lie, Mr. Page, Mr. Martyn, Mr. Lowther, Mr.

Selwyn, Mr. Byng, Mr. Molyneux, Mr. Brereton, Mr.

Booth, Mr. Ducket, Sir Thomas Lyttelton, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Bromley, Sir Adolphus Oughton, Mr. Law-Jon, Mr. EJftngton, Lord Gage, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Hungerford. Sir Thomas Clarky Mr. Hucks, Mr. Orlebar,

Mr. Cholmondeley\ and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Warwick and Stafford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for naturalizing Abraham WeJJelow, was read a Weflelow'# Second time.

Bejohed, That the Bill be committed to Lord Wm.

Powlett, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Potenger, Mr. Brown,

Colonel Ready Mr. Orlebar, Mr. Withers, Sir John Cope,

Sir Tho. Hales, Mr. Crowle, Sir John Rushout, Sir John Shelley, Mr. Whitworth, Lord Morpeth, Lord Malpas,

Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Alderman Child, Mr. Sandys, Mr. St.

John, Mr. Norris, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Kelfall, Mr. Scrope,

Mr. Holmes, Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Hampden,

Mr. Alderman Barnard, Sir James Campbell, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Conduitt, Mr. Earle, Mr. Myddelton, Mr.

Brereton, Mr. Wyndham, Mr. Martin, Mr. Powlett, Mr.

Brampfton, Lord Galloway, Sir Wm. Wyndham, Lord How, Mr. Ingram, Mt. Fox, Mr. Oglethorpe, Mr. Crofts,

Sir Wilfrid Lawfton, Mr. EJJtngton, Lord Limerick, Sir Philip Parker: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir William Yonge (according to Order) reported from Money stole* the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for °ut the

the Bxchc<lucr*

L.

Anfiver to Address.

Privilege.

National

Debt.

76

8° — 90 Marfti.

A.

1727.

the Relief of the Lord William Powlett, one of the T tiers of the Exchequer, in rcipedt of a Sum of Money, Rolen out of his Office in the Year 172.1, was committed, the Amendments the Committee had made to the hill, and which they haddirefled him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the said Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, Vpon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Sabbati, g° die Martii;

Anno i° Georgii IIJi Regis, 1727.

Prayers.

7

OHN Lanove took the Oaths appointed, in order to

his Naturalization.

We(Teln\

star.

The Lord William reported from the Committee to whom the Bill for naturalizing Abraham Oru'ered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Jelow was committed; that the Committee had exa-ingrossed. ' mined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the fame

to be true; and had directed him to report the Bill to Mr. Treasurer reported to the House, that their Ad- the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered dress, of Wednesday last, That his Majesty would be gra- t{jC Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

cioully pleated to give Directions to the proper Officers, Or, That the Bill beingrofled. to lay before this House, an Account of the Sum or

Sums of Money which were expended in the impressing OrThat the proper Officer do lay before this of Seamen, from the Twenty-fifth Day of December, 1725, House, an Account of what Arrears of former Land to the Twenty-fifth Day of December, 1727, including Taxes are now remaining in the Receipt of his Majesty's the Expence of Smacks, and other Vessels, employed in Exchequer, that Service; with an Account of the Number of Seamen imprefifed during such time, distinguishing the Mr. Alderman Child reported from the Committee to Bricks Number of able Seamen from those who were not fuqh, whom the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names Tile*making, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Ma- are thereunto subscribed, being Brick-makers, Biick-jesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that layers, and others, concerned in building in the City of he will give Directions to the proper Officers, for laying London, or within Fifteen Miles thereof; and alfj the

Land Tar Arrears

the same before this House*

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, that the Matter of the Complaint, made to the House on the Twenty second Day of February last, against Mr. Anejley, Rector of Ingoldfby, in the County of Lincoln, and others, for a Breach of Privilege, in arresting, and holding to Bail, Francis Fryert a Tenant, and menial Servant, to Sir Gilbert Heathcote, Knight, a Member of this House, upon an Attachment, issued out of the Court of Exchequer, and which is appointed to be heard before the said Committee this Afternoon, be heard before the said Committee upon this Day Sevennight.

The House (according to Order) resolved itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Nation, in relation to the national Debt.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ways and Means.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raffing the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Supply.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Petition of the Master, Wardens, and Ccfurt of Assistants, of the Company of Tilers and Bricklayers, of the City of London, in behalf of the said Company; and also the Petition of John Brown, late Master of the Corporation of Tilers and Bricklayers of London, and JoJepk Welsh, one of the late Wardens, and several other Liverymen of the said Corporation, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; were referred; that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, together with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, to the House: And he read the Report in Ids Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerks Table; where the same was read: And the said Report, and lle-fblutions, are as follows; viz.

That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said several Petitions, and had heard Counsel thereupon.

That, upon the first-mentioned Petition, Mr. tVaxam and Mr. Scott, Brick-makers, were examined; and said, that the Time limited by the Act of Parliament, of the Twelfth Year of his late Majesty, for digging and tarn-ing the Earth to make Bricks with, is from the First of November to the First of February; which Season very often proves so wet, that the Turning is of no Service:

That the Earth of which Bricks should be made, ought to be turned twice, and to lie One Month after the second Turning at least, before it be used; and the Bricks would be considerably better, and more durable, than they can be expected now to be, as the said Act limits.

That the Petitioners proceeded to examine as to the Size of Bricks.

Mr. Waxam, Brick-maker, being examined, said, that the Size of Bricks, as by Act of Parliament directed to be made, is Nine Inches long. Two Inches and a half thick, and Four Inches and One Quarter wide; which arc so heavy, that they will not bear their own V\reight, till they can be dried, fit to be burnt; betides they take up a greater Quantity of Coals, and are considerably longer in burning, than if they were less:

That if Bricks were to be but Eight Inches and a half long. Two Inches and a half thick, and Four Inches wide, they would be firmer, and more fit for Use, than the Size mentioned by the said Act; and would be better to be handled by the Workmen, and be of more Service to the Public, in their Buildings, and more Work Could be done in a Day with these, than with them that are made as the said Act directs.

Mr.

i Geo. IL

t

t>° Martii.

Mr. Churchill and Mr. Godfrey, Bricklayers, laid, that, if Bricks were not to be under Eight Inches and Three Quarters, when burnt, they would be of much more Benefit to the Public, in building, than now they are; and would dry in less time; and stand better in the Ciamps; and be cheaper, than at present can be afforded.

Then the Committee examined the followingWitnesses as to the Use of-Spanish.

Mr. Godfrey and Mr. Barrett said* that, if they were to be allowed, in the making of One hundred thousand of Bricks, One-fifth Part Spanish, the Bricks would be more firm than they are now, and produced Two Bricks, both grey Stocks, the One made as the Act directs, the other mixed with Spanish, and that in the burning of Ten Thousand of Bricks, made without Spanish, they can scarceget Four thousand Stock Bricks; which is a considerable Lois; and that Twenty-five Load of Spanish is as little as can be made use of, in the making of One hundred thousand of Bricks.

Mr. Walknger laid, that he bought Bricks Of Mr; Barrett, which were made according as the Act directs j but they were so bad, that he could not go on with his Building, and was forced to get Bricks at another Place, to finish what he had begun; and was informed, that they were made with Spanish; but disposed of the Building, for fear the Foundation should give way.

Mr. Scctt, Brick-maker, being examined, said, that if a Quant ity of Spanish was allowed to be used in the making of Bricks, they would be firmer, and of more Service, than it is possible they can be at present without Spanish:

And, in the burning of Bricks, if they were allowed to make but Two Outsides, instead of Four, as the said Act directs, and to put Stock Bricks and Place Bricks both in One Clamp, but to be separated, and not intermixed, nor surrounded, with Place Bricks, both the one and the other would be fitter for Service, than they are* now.

And being asked, if he had not used some Mud, instead of Spanish; he said, he had once made Trial of ir, and no oftener; and the Experience he found by it, was, that it gave the Bricky, made use of for fronting, a much better Colour than Spanish did.

That the Petitioners, in order to prove the Frauds, committed by the Master and Wardens of the Company of Tilers and Bricklayers, called

Mr. Barrett \ who said, that Mr. Bilbey, and several other Brick-makers, who made use of Spanish, contrary to the Act of Parliament, had and could afford to fell much cheaper than those Persons who conformed to the said Act.

Mr. Bilbey, Brick* maker, being examined, said, that he had made about Six hundred thousand of Bricks with Spanish, for his own Use; and being summoned to attend the late Master, Wardens, and Court of Assistants, on the Seventh of September last, they acquainted him, they were well informed he had made use of Spanish, contrary to the Act of Parliament; for which the Court fined him, as the said Act directs; and on the Eleventh of December following, the present Master and Wardens summoned him, to pay the Searchers Money; acquainting him at the same time, there was a Fine set on him, for making Bricks contrary to the said Act: Upon which he produced Coni rafts, that he had fold the Earth, and was only the Maker; upon which the present Master and Wardens mitigated the Fine to Twelve Guineas, which was paid the same Day, as appeared by the Company's Court Book, which was produced.

Mr. Morrice, being examined, said, that he was summoned by the said Company, to pay a Half-peny a Thousand to the Searchers, as isusual: The Master and Wardens told him, they were informed, he had made use of Spanish; he acquainted them, they were for his own Use, and not for Sale: Neither did he pay any Fine, or had Leave from the Company to dispose of them; but paid the Search.

And being examined as to his making Bricks with Spanish for Mr. James Brown; he said, he did, but was only an Agent; and what carfle of themj knows not,

Vol. 2K

11

MeflleursSopp and Thomas Smith, Brick-makers; being Brick* and examined, said, they had made about Ninety thousand Tito of Bricks with Spanish, for their own Use, and had built ma in®' a House, and Walls, with them, which is their own Property; and that there was a Con t raft for mak ing of Bricks with Spanish, but had not Leave from the Company for so doing.

Mr. Fish, being examined, said, that Mr. Mallaud had made Sixteen hundred thousand of Bricks, or more, with Spanish: That he is his Neighbour, and has loft Five hundred Pounds, because he would not make Bricks contrary to the said Act; and Mallaud, making them with Spanish, has drawed most of his Customers from him, by reason he could afford to fell cheaper, than he did; and that People came far and near to buy them; and, if some Remedy is not taken, to prevent chefe ill Practices, the fair Trader will be ruined, and those Persons, which use Spanish, will get most Money: And cannot say Mallaud had Leave from the Company for so doing; but knows Mallaud was summoned, to pay a Half-peny a Thousand: The late Master and Wardens acquainted him, that they were well informed, lie used Spanish; and fined him £. 600 on the Seventh of September last; and on the Eleventh of December following the present Master and Wardens received no more,' in full of that Fine, than Thirty Pounds, as appeared by the Court Book of the said Company of Bricklayers.

Mr. Moreton said; that he being at their Court af the same time, told them Mallaud was a great Aggressor, and that he ought to pay severely; but Mr. Brown made Answer, that a small Fine was sufficient now, and a greater hereafter.

That upon the second Petition, the following Witnesses were examined as to the use of Spanish; viz.

Mr. James Brown, Bricklayer, said, that there is a great deal of Difference in the Spanifit, used now, and that which was formerly used in the making of Bricks for the building the Royal Exchange, which was the first Use of Spanish, and at that time only consisted of clear Sea-coal Ashes; and the Reason, why it is not now so good, is, that the Houses being strewed with Sand, and fivept into the Dust Tub, and mingled with the Ashes* has occasioned the Brick-maker to put a larger Quantity of Spanish, to increase the Force of the Fire, which the Mixture of Sand has abated:

Another Sort, which is called Spanish, is the Slop and Dirt of the Streets, of which some is carried to the Du hg-hills, and the other Part carried off immediately from the Streets, and mixed with Brick Earth, without letting it dry, to have itidean fifted; but the high Duties, and Price of Coals, has obliged them to have recourse to these Shifts, to save Fire:

And laid, that Bricks might be made-without Spanish, provided the Brick-makers would give longer time for the drying; and that Bricks, made with natural Earth, would be much the best, they requiring twice the time drying, than when Spanish is used, and will take more Coals ,tp burn them. Breeze being too weak a Fire.

And being examined as to the Size of Bricks; said, that, if Bricks were made of natural Earth, without Spanish, that Eight Inches and Three Quarters was a sufficient Length, Four Inches and One Eighth wide, and Two Inches and a half thick the outside, they being heavier, than Bricks made with Spanish; so that Prentices, and tveak Workmen, could not work up such a Quantity, as they now do.

Being asked as to the Price cf Bricks; said, that Place Bricks were delivered in London, before the patting of the late Act, at Fourteen Shillings a Thousand; and immediately, on the passing of the said Act, the Brick-makers raised the Price to Sixteen Shillings a Thousand upon all their Stock in hand; and, after the new Bricks came to Market, they raised them to Twenty, and Twenty-one, Shillings a Thousand:

And laid, that he made full-sized Rubbing Stock Bricks according to the said Act, which are all burnt in Kilns;

U and

78 9* — 11

and fold fort of the same for the Price, as Stock Bricks have been fold for Twenty Years last pad, which was Six-and-twenty Shillings a Thousand in the River of Thames, and Thirty Shillings, delivered at every Man's Work, by Land Carriage; and at no higher Price: And produced a Sample of the Bricks;

Mr. Scaplehorn, Bricklayer, said, that Spanish has been generally uled but of late Years; and that Bricks, made without Spanish, would be more firm and durable than with it, and of more Service to the Publick.

That, upon the said Third Petition,

Mr. Brown, late Master, was examined; and said, that, if the Court of Assistants were added to the Master and Wardens, it would be out of their Power in mitigating the Fines, when once set.

Aftd that, upon the whole Matter of the said Petitions, the Committee came to the following Resolutions; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Master and Wardens of the Company cf Tilers and Bricklayers, appointed to put in Execution an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act to prevent Abuses in the making of " Bricks and Tiles, and to ascertain the Dimensions " thereof, and to prevent all unlawful Combinations f‘ amongst any Brick-makers, or Tile-makers, within 15 u Miles of the City of London, in order to advance or ennance the Price of Bricks, or Tiles," have not executed the same duly, so as they ought to have done.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Power of imposing Fines be in the Master, Wardens, and Assistants, of the Company of Tilers and Bricklayers, or the major Part of them assembled.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for the more effectual preventing Frauds and Abuses in the making of Bricks, and Tiles, within 15 Miles Distance from the Cities of London and Westminster, Power be given to the Justices of the Peace, at their respective General or Quarter Sessions to appoint Searchers, who shall have equal Authority with those, appointed by the said Company of 1'ilers and Bricklayers.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all bad Bricks shall be broke and destroyed at the Charge of such Brick-maker who shall be convicted of making the same.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, itgreed imto-by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolutions; and that Mr. Alderman Child; Sir Nathanael Cnrzoiiy Mr. James Bertie, Mr. Scawen, Mr. Vincent, and Mr. EJjingtom, doprepare, and bring in, the fame.

EHifan's An ingrossed Bill to enable Robert Ellijon, Esquire,

Name. the Heirs and Issue of his Body, to take and use the Surname of Carre, according to the Will of his Uncle,

1Francis Carre, Esquire, deceased, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act to enable Robert Ellijon, Esquire, and the Heirs and Issue of his Body, to take and use the Surname of Carrey according to the Will of his Uncle, Francis

# O

Carre, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Bowes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. ‘

Richmond The House proceeded to the hearing the Merits of

iLteaion. \\^ Election for the Borough of Richmond, in the County of York.

And the Counsel were called in.

And the Petition of the honourable Sir Conyers D' Arcy, Knight of the most honourable Order of the Bath, and John Ycrke, Esquire, and also the Petition of Anthony Close, George Allen, Henry Lanchester, Ralph Brockell, John Rohinjon, William Kay, Thomas Metcalfe, George Cowling, Thomas Brooke, John Brockell, John Elfeworth, John, Brown, Robert Wilson, Francis Bell, Henry Wilson, William Chappell, Jonathan Hejopp, Joseph Hejlopp, Edward liar I and, Christoi>her Farmer, Christopher Dufton, l5

5 Martii. J. 1727.

John King, Thomas Bateman, Samuel Atkinson, William Grindall, John Gale, William Outhwaite, Thomas John-jon, Thomas Awton, and Ralph Langjlaffe, on behalf of themselves, and divers other Persons, Owners of ancient Burgages within the Borough of Richmond, in the County of York, relating to the said Election, were read.

And the Counsel were heard.

And the Evidence on both Sides being given, as to the Right of Election; and the Charters, and Copies of several ancient Records, and Returns, being read; and the Counsel on both Sides further heard; and the Counsel, and Witnesses, being withdrawn;

Resolved, That the Right of Election of Burgesses, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Richmond, in the County of York, is in such Persons only, as are Owners of ancient Burgages in the said Borough, having Right of Pasture in a Common Field, called Whytcliffe Pasture.

Then the Counsel were called in again, and Mr. Speaker acquainted them with the said Resolution.

And the Counsel were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further hearing the Merits of the Election for the Borough of Richmond, in the County of York, be adjourned till Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committee*

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock. SI

Lunae, 11° die Martii;

Anno i* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1727.

Prayers.

SI R John Rujhoiit reported from the Committee, to Evefliam,l!iC.

whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Road. Burgefic?, of the Borough of Evesham, in the County of Worcester, was referred; that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; where £ he same was read, and is as follows; viz.

That the Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, bearing Date the 27th of February last, proceeded'to examine the Matter of the said Petition.

And, to prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the Petitioners called

Wm. Lane, John George,' and Jonas Evett: Who, being severally examined, said, that the Road, leading from a Place called No-mans Ground, upon Broadway Hill, in the said County of Worcester, through the Borough of Evesham, and to Stonebow Bridge, is about Twelve Miles, and is Part of the great Road, leading from the City of London to the City of Worcester, and also, that the several Roads, leading from the Borough of Evesham to Cropthorn Brook, leading to Perfhore, being about Three 'Miles, to Hinton on the Green, Two Miles, to the Gate in Ofjenham Lane, leading to South Littleton,

Two Miles, to Norton, Two Miles, and to Bretfordton, being Two Miles, or thereabouts, are publick Roads, and do lead from the said Borough of Evesham to the said several Towns and Places.

Then the same Witnesses, being severally examined as to the Condition of the said respective Roads, in the Per tition mentioned, laid, they are in a very bad and ruinous,

Condition, and in the Winter Season impassable in several Places; and that the same have been occasioned by the Increase of the many heavy Carriages of Corn, Grain, and other Goods and Merchandises, carried to Evesham> which is a very considerable Market Town, and likewise by reason of the deep and many Quick-sands, which lie in the said Roads.

And the Witnesses further said, that they had very lately travelled the said Roads; and that the same were, in many Parts, so bad, they were obliged to get Guides, to carry them through private Grounds: And they said, that the Roads being in some Places in so very ruinous a

Condition,

Geo. It.

ti'

12° Mar tit.

79

Condition, the same cannot be effectually repaired and amended by the Inhabitants of the teveral rarilhes, where the same do lie, as the Laws now stand,. Without some further Provision be made for that Purpose:

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and amending several Roads leading to and from the Borough of Evefliam, in the County of Worcester; and that Sir John Rushout and Mr: Rudge dd prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Land Tax The House being informed, that Mr. Chocke, from the Arreart. Exchequer, attended at the Door, he was called in, and^ at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuanf to their Order, An Account of what Arrears of former Land Taxes are now remaining in the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as follows; viz.

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled:

An Account of what Arrears of former Land Taxes are now remaining in the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer. £. s. d.

On the 4th 4 fh. Aid, Anno 1695 - 500 ——

2d 2 fh. Aid, Anno 1700 - 213 3 6

4th 2 fh. Aid, Anno 1714 - 1,980 14 —

5th 2 fh. Aid, Anno 1715 7

8th 2 (h. Aid, Anno 1724 - 6,129 9 I0i*

9th 2 fh. Aid, Anno 1723 - 6,934 7 — i

Exchequer, nth Day of March, 1727.

£ '5-757 '5 —

Alexander Chocke.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be peruied by the Members of the House.

Supply Bill; The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Land Tax. Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax. to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-eight.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker re fumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

nelly Lotd James Cavtndtjh, Mr. Bertie, Sir Richard Lane, Sir Rowland A I ft on, Mr. Burrell, Sir Edward Knatchbull, Colonel Fane, Mr. Serjeant Birch, Mr.

Bond, Colonel Campbell, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Hunger ford.

Colonel Read, Mr. Shipper Sir Roger Braid/haigh, Sir Edmund Bacon, Sir John Corriton, Mr. Gay, Mr. Talbot,

Mr. Orlebar; and all the Members that lerve for the County of Kent, and the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Ciock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Custorhs do Wines lay before this House, An Account of what Customs imPorttd* are payable on Wines, imported into the Port of London.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do lay before this House, An Accounr of what Customs are payable on Wines, imported into the other Ports of Great Britain.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do lay before this House, An Account of the Quantities of Wines which have been imported into the Port of London for Ten Years, to Ckrifimas last, distinguishingeach Year.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do lay before this House, An Account of the Quantities of Wines, which have been imported into the other Ports of that Part of Great Britain called England, for Ten Years, to Christmas last, distinguishing each Year.

The Order, for the House to resolve itself into a Encouraging Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Volunteer the Bill for encouraging Seamen, who (hill enter voiun- camen* tarily into his Majesty's Service, being read;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, for providing for the punctual Payment of what Moneys shall become due to the Seamen for short Allowance.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, shal they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, to provide, that all impressed Seamen, in his Majesty's Service, shall be discharged, and paid off, after a certain Time to be limited.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Strickland took the Chair of the* Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Strickland reported from the Committee, that they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Canterbury A Petition of the Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, Sheriff,

Workhoofc. anci Common-council, and other the principal Inhabitants, of the City of Canterbury, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that they are, and for many Years pad have been, burthened with a numerous Poor; in which they may be much eased, and the Poor better provided for, if a general Workhouse, and a Corporation of Guardians of the Poor, were crested, and constituted, by A(3: of Parliament: And therefore praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Gybbon, Mr, Molyneux, Sir Wm. Strickland, Mr. Clayton, Sir John Norris, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Papillon, Mr. EJfing-ton, Mr. Baker, Mr. Hales, Mr. Bacon, Sir Robert Sutton, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Alderman Parsons, Mr. Cockburn, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Norris, Mr. Shephard, Mr. Cafar, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Mr. Leicester, Mr. Rey^ Vol.21.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- Wny? and ing nexr, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Means. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Supply, next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty,

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 12° die Martii;

Anno 1' Georgii II'1' Regis, 1727.

ORDER E°, That Mr. Robert Hucks do carry to the Maideoh.,d, Lords the logrolled Bill, intituled, An Act for making &c. Road*, more effectual an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign

So Xi* Mar tilj4. 1727.

Reign of his ate Majesty King George, intituled, u An Act for repairing the Highways from Maidenhead " Bridge to Sunning Lane End, next to Twyford, in the " Road to Reading, and from the said Bridge to Henly <; Bridge, in the County of Berks" and desire their Lordships Concurrence.

Debtors a Petition of confined Prisoners for Debt in his Petition, Majesty's GaoJ in the City of Coventry, was presented to the House, and read; fitting forth, that by divers Losses and Misfortunes the Petitioners are rendered incapable to pay their Creditors their whole Debts, though they always were, and are, willing to make the utmost Satisfaction they can \ but their Creditors refuse to accept thereof: And praying such Relief, as the House shall think proper, for their Liberty.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Duty on Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this

Malt. House; An Account of what Money has been paid into

the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer for the Duty on Malt for the Years 1726 and 1727, distinguishing each Year.

Laod Tax. Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this

House, An Account of what Money has been paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer upon the Land Taxes for the Years 1726 and 1727, distinguishing each Year.

PubiicDebt*. Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this

House, An Account of all the publick Debts at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, due or (landing out at Christmas, 1727, with the annual Interest, or Sums, paid for the fime.

Exchequer Ordered, That the proper Officer, or Officers, do by

Bills. before this House, An Account of all Money, that has in any Manner been paid, or any Exchequer Bills, which have been made out, for Interest, Circulation, and Charges of Management, of the Four Millions Five hundred Sixtyk>ne thousand Twenty-five pounds, principal Exchequer Bills, (landing out at Christmas, 1716, with the like Payments for the Three Millions in Exchequer Bills, made out pursuant to the Acts of the Sixth, Eighth, and Ninth, Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, separate and distinct from any Payments relating to any other Exchequer Bills; with an Account, out of what Money the same has been satisfied, and the said principal Sums in Exchequer Bills have been paid oft', and discharged.

Buford Ordered, That it be an T nflruftion to the Committee, of

Election. Privileges and Elect ions, That, the Matter of the Petition of Samuel Ongley and James Metcalfe, Esquires, coov-plaihing of an undue Return for the Town of Bedford, in the County of Bedford (and which was ordered to be heard before the said Committee upon Saturday lad) and also the Matter of the Petition of several Burgesses, Freemen, and Inhabitants, of the said Borough, whole Names aTe thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many other BurgelVes, Freemen, and Inhabitants, of the said Borough, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough (and which was ordered to be heard before the said Committee at the (acne time they heard the Matter of the said Petition of Samuel Ongley and James Metcalfe, Esquires) be heard before the said Committee upon Saturday, the Twenty-third Day of March instant.

G # e Mr. Bladen reported from the Committee to whom Hanover* the Petition of the Vestry, and 1 nhabitants, of the Parish Square of St. George, Hanover Squarey within the Liberty of West-Laud Tax. minfer, in behalf of themselves, and others, Proprietors of several Landis, and Houses, in the said Parish, and also the Petition of the Vicar, Churchwardens, Vestry, and other Inhabitants, and Landholders, of the Parish of St. Martin in the Fields, were referred; that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions, and had diverted him to report the fame, as it appeared to them,

to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerks Tabic.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Confederation Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock.

Mr. Earle (according to Order) reported from the Buck-Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Election for the w County of Bucks, and the Resolution of the Committee thereupon; which Report he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's*!'able; where the same was read: And the Report, and Resolution of the Committee, are as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of iVm. Gore, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return of Richard Hampdeny Esquire, to serve for the County of Bucks:

That the Committee proceeded to examine the Merits of this Election.

In order to prove the Poll, the Petitioner's Counsel called

Mr. Hayden, Clerk of the Peace for this County; who produced 18 Paper Books, which, he said, were delivered to him by the Under-sheriff, as the Poll Books, taken at the Election: That they were taken at different Places, some by the Sheriff's Agents, and others by Agents for the Candidates; but he could not distinguish, or lay, which of them made the Sheriff's Poll.

And none of the said Books being either sworn to by the Sheriff, or attested by him;

The Committee did not think, they had sufficient Evidence to proceed upon; and came to the following Resolution; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee That Richard Hampden, Esquire, is duly elected aKnight of the Shire, to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Bucks.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Mr. Hampden was heard in his Place: And then he withdrew.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Resolution be re-committed;

The House divided.

The Y eas go forth:

Tfcfonh. Y} 95-

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That Richard Hampden,

Esquire, is duly elected a Knight of the Shire, to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Bucks.

A Petition of James Hose, junior, Esquire, was pre- Brambei fented to the House and read; setting forth, that at the Eltdioa. late Election of a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bramber, in the County of Suf* sex, in the room of Sir Rickard Gough, Knight, deceased, the Petitioner* and John Gumley, junior, Esquire, stood Candidates; and the Petitioner was duly elected by a Majority of legal Votes; but Thomas Booker, Con (table of the said Borough, being appointed to that Office by John Gumley, senior, Esquire, Steward of the Court Leet* or his Deputy, admitted several to poll for the SittingMem-ber, who had no Right to poll, and refused several legal Voters, who offered to vote for the Petitioner \ and has returned Mr. Gumley, contrary to the ancient Custom of the said Borough, and in Defiance of the last Determination of the House touching the Right of Elections *, and Mr. Gumley, and his Agents, by Bribery, altering and interlining the Poor's Rate, in order toincrease their Nuni- -ber of Votes, and many other illegal Practices, made up a preterdsd Majority of one only, in manifest Prejudice to the Petitioner, who ought to have been returned: And praying the House to take the Premises into Confederation, and give him such Relief as shall be thought meet.

Ordered

Davie's

Etfates.

Rational

Debt.

i Geo. II. is* Marti*. Si

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House.

Ordered, That the Matter of the fold Petition be heard at the Bar of this House upon Thursday, the Fourth Day of Aprit next.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and Mr. Yard:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming the Partitions of the Estates, late of Sir William Davie, Baronet, deceased, among his Coheirs, and for settling their Shares thereof, in Severalty, to the same Uses, to which their several undivided Parts thereof flood limited before the Partition; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sir Charles Turner (according to Order) reported from, the Committee of the whole House, who were to consider of the State of the Nation, in relation to the national Debt, the Ref dutions they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are as follow; viz.

1. Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Moneys, already issued, and applied, towards discharging the national Debts, incurred before Christmas, 1716, together with the Sum of Two hundred and Twenty thousand Four hundred Thirty-five Pounds, Sixteen Shillings, and Four Pence Three Farthings, which will be issued at Lady-day, 1728, towards discharging the said Debts, amount to Six millions Six hundred Forty-eight thousand Seven hundred Sixty-two Pounds, Five Shillings, and One Peny Farthing.

2. Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the several national Debts, including the Debt of the Navy, as it flood on the Thirty-first Day of December, 1727, contrafted and incurred since the Twenty-fifth Day of December, 1716, for answering and defraying the annual Charges and Expences of the Publick, for the current Service of the several Years since the said Twenty-fifth Day of December, 1716, on the Eighth Day of March, 1727, amount to the Sum ot Two Millions Six hundred and Five thousand Five hundred and Forty-five Pounds, Sixteen Shillings, and Three Farthings

3. Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the national Debt, contracted since the Twenty-fifth Day of December, 1716, for or in respect of the Sum adv vanced by the South Sea Company, pursuant to an Act of the Fifth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, for the Liberty of increasing their capital Stock, being to much thereof as was applied to the Sinking Fund, doth amount to the Sum of Three hundred Twenty-eight thousand Six hundred Seventy-three Pounds, Four Shillings, and Teh Pence Haif-peny.

4. Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the national Debt, contracted since the Twenty-fifth Day of December, 1716, for making good the yearly Deficiencies of the General Fund, from the Establishment thereof, to and for the Year ending at Michaelmas, 1726, the Surplus whereof is applicable to the Sinking Fund, amounts to the Sum of Seveh hundred and Three thousand Seven hundred and Forty Pounds, Six Shillings, and Two Pence Half-peny.

The First of the said Ilesolutions being read aSecoad time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Resolution be re-committed;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That the Moneys, already issued, and applied, toWards discharging the national Debts, incurred before Christmas, 1716, together with the Sum of Two hundred and Twenty thousand Four hundred Thirty-five Pounds, Sixteen Shillings, and Four Pence Three Farthings, which will be issued at Lt faday, Vox.. 21.

i j*9, towards discharging the said Debts, amount to Sit National Millions Six hundred Forty-eight thousand Sevfcn hua'-< Dc *' dred Sixty-two Pounds, Five Shillings, and One Pet#

Farthing. - > . / <

The vS*epOd uf the said Resoluttons being read a Second tones,

And Motion being made* and the Question being put, That the said Resolution be re-committed;

; It passed in the Negative,

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Corn* mittee, in the said Resolution, That the several national Debts, including the Debt of the Navy, as it flood oq the 31st Day of December, 1721, contrafted and incurred since the t$th Day of Deemb'tr, 1716, for answering and defraying the annual Charges and Expences of the Publick, for the current Service of t^e several; Years since the said Twenty-fifth Day of December, 1716, on the Eighth Day of March, 1727, amount to the Sum of Two Millions Six hundred and Five thousand Five hundred and Forty five Pounds, Sixteen Shillings, and Three Farthings.

The Third of the ford Resolutions, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The last of the said Resolutions being fead a Second time 1

An Amendment was proposed to be. made thereto* by adding, at the End thereof, these Words; cc and that, by " virtue of Two Acts of Parliament, of the Fifth Year €t of his late Majesty, further Additions have been made " to the capital Stock of the South Sea Company, for " making good several Deficiencies of the original and <c additional Funds of the said Company, settled and " established before the Twenty-fifth Day of December,

<c 1716, amounting together to the Sum of Two hundred Ninety thousand and Twenty-eight Pounds, Nine-<c teen Shillings, and Eleven Pence Half-peny.'*

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Resolution, lo amended, by adding, at the £nd thereof, these Words: " And also, that a new Debt, of " One hundred and Forty thousand Pounds, has been*

incurred for one Quarter's Intereston the Four Lotterics, and Bankers Debt."

And the Question being put. That those Words be added at the End of the said Resolution, so amended ;.

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended, That the national Debt, contrafted since the Twenty-fifth Day of December, 1716, for making good the yearly Deficiencies of the General Fund, from the Establishment thereof, to and for the Year ending at Michaelmas, 1726, the Surplus whereof is applicable to the Sinking Fund, amounts to the Sum of Seven hundred and Three thousand Seven hundred and Forty Pounds, Six Shillings, and Two Pence Half-peny; and that, by virtue of Two Acts of Parliament, of the Fifth Year of his late Majesty, further Additions have been made to the capital Stock of the South Sea Company, for making good several Deficiencies of the original and additional Funds of the said Company, settled and established before the Twenty-fifth Day of December, 1716, amounting together to the Sum of Two hundred Ninety thousand and Twenty-eight Pounds, Nineteen Shillings, and Eleven Pence Half-peny.

Resolved, nemine contradicente, That an humble Repre-fentation be made to his Majesty, upon the said Refold tions, and upon the Debate of the House; lay ing before* his Majesty a particular Account of the national Debts, discharged, and incurred, since the Twenty-fifth Day of December, 1716, distinguished under their proper Heads, and Services, with a State of the Sinking Fund, arid of the publick Credit.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to draw up the said Representation to his Majesty.

And it is referred to Sir Wm. Yonge, Sir Roger Mere-X dith.

81 i2° — 13° Martii./I. 17'27.

Hu flu Company.

Punishing Mutiny and Desertion.

dith, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir Geo. Oxen-den, Mr. Dodington, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Treasurer, Lord Malpas, Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Sandys, Sir Wm. Strickland, Lord Marquis of Hartington, Colonel Onslow, Mr. Sutton, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Page, Mr. Jacomb, Lord Finch, Sir Nathanael Gould, Mr. fVortley, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Sir John Eyles, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Scrope, jMr. Daniel Pulteney, Mr. Waller, Mr. St. John, Sir Charles turner, Mr. Gybbon, Sir Robert Sutton, Sir John Rufhout, Sir Wilfrid Lawson, Mr. Hedges, Mr. Tilfon, Mr. Kelfdl, Mr. Cary, Mr. Cholmondley, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Cockburn, Mr. Molyneux, Mr. Earle, Mr. Finch, Mr. Compton, Mr. Fane, Mr. Perry* Mr. Drummond, Dr. Sayer, Mr. Thompson; or any Five of them: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, toconsiderof the Petition of the Fellowship of English Merchants, for Discovery of new Trades, commonly called the Russia Company.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House to whom the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be abjoumed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

And it is referred to Mr Bertie, Mr. Drew, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Packer, Mr. Wither, Mr. Conduit, Sir John Hynd Cotton, Sir Geo. Oxenden, Mr. Plumptre, General Wade, Mr. Moor, Mr. Baillie, Sir Wm. Yonge, Sir Wm. Willis, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Alderman Child, Mr. Alderman Parsons, Mr. Scawen, Sir Thomas Hales, Colonel Read, Mr. Orlebar, Sir Jo-feph Eyles, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Worthy, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. St. John, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr, Clayton, Mr. Digby, Mr. Plumer, Lord Marquis of Hartington, Mr. North, Mr. EJflngton, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Wm, Stapleton, Mr. Cary, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Hucks, Sir Archer Croft,

Mr. Wallis, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Masters, Mr. Brereton, Sir Edward Knatchbull, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Hedworth, Mr. Pacey, Mr. Oglethorpe, Sir Marmaduke Wyvill, Mr. Gay, Mr. Pleydell, Mr. Conduitt, Sir John Coryton, Mr. Rey-nell, Mr. Leicester; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Berks, Wilts, Somerset, and Gloucester: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the poor Prisoners, confined for Debt in the South Gate of the City of Exon, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that by reason of Losses, and unavoidable Misfortunes, the Petitioners are become so miserably poor, that they are quite disabled from giving Sat isfaft ion to their Creditors, or to get any Subsistence for themselves and Families, who are a Burthen to their respective Parishes: And praying. That a Bill may be brought in for their Enlargement and Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Debtors

Petition.

Mercurii, 130 die Martii;

Anno i° Georgii IIdI Regis, 1727.

Praters.

Ditto. TV/f R* Pelham (according to Order) reported from the IV1 Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters, was committed, the Amendments the Committee had made to the BilJ, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the said Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question, severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Reading, &c> A Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and RoaJs. others, Inhabitants in and about the Town of Newbury, in the County of Berks, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that there is a Bill depending in the House, for the more effectual repairing the Highways between the Bear Inn in Reading, and Puntfleld, in the County of Berks, and for amending the Road, leading out of the said Highways to Burghfield Hatch, and from Puntfleld aforesaid to Seven Mile Stone, and from thence to Aldermarflon Bridge, in the said County: That the Road, leading from Reading to Speenhamland, adjoining to Newbury, is very bad, and dangerous to Travellers, by reason of the many heavy Carriages passing through the fame, as well between Seven Mile Stone and Speenhamland, as the other Part of the Road, by the Bill intended to be amended: And praying, that the said Bill may extend to repair the Road from Reading to Speenhamland, adjoining to Newbury aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Bill for repairing the Road from the Powder Mills Hounslow on Hounslow Heath, in the County of Middlesex, to a Place called Basingstone, near the Town of Bags hot, in the Parish of Windlesham, in the County of Surrey, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Conduitt,

Mr. Bertie, Mr. Scawen, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Gwynn, Mr.

Booth, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Plumptre, Mr.

Lewis, Sir Geo. Oxenden, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Phillips,

Lord Finch, Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Thomp-Joti, Brigadier Sutton, Sir Wm. Tonge, Mr. EJflngton, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Lord Gage, Mr. St. John, Dr. Sayer,

Mr. Keif all, Mr. Harrison, Lord Mickhthwaite, Mr.

Sandys, Sir John Rufhout, Mr. Williams, Mr. Clayton, Mr.

Hungerford, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Earle, Mr. Orlebar, Mr. Pacey, Sir Robert Sutton, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Mr.

Longueville, Sir Charles Turner, Sir John Cope, Colonel Onslow, Sir Nicholas Williams, Mr. Perry, Mr. Berkley,

Mr. Dodington, Mr. Finch, Sir Edward Knatchbull, Sir Roger Meredith, Mr. Polhill, Mr. Baker, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Whitworth; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Sussex,

Southampton, Wilts, Cornwall, and Devon: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Abraham Weffcloiv, WelfeWs was read the Third time. Nat.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing Abraham Wejfelow.

Ordered, That Mr. Phillips do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir John Rufhout presented to the House (according to Evcfiian Order) a Bill for repairing and amending several Roads, Road*-leading to and from the Borough of Evesham, in the County of Worcester; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Hyacinthus Richard Nugent, commonly Lord called Lord Rtverfton, of the Kingdom of Ireland, was Riverfton'i presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that by °utlawry-

reason

i Geo. II.

13° Ma

reason of an Outlawry against him for Treason, supposed to be committed by him against their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, when the Petitioner was but Six Years old, he is disabled to sue for, or hold, the Estate of his late Father Thomas Nugent, deceased, commonly called Lord Riverston, to whom he is eldest Son, and Heir; which Estate in Ireland his younger Brother, Wm. Nugent, now enjoys, without any Title, but an usurped Possession, taking Advantage of the said Outlawry, to deprive the Petitioner of his Right, who can be relieved only by Act of Parliament, which he hopes will be thought reasonable, to enable him to sue, and be sued, without reversing the Outlawry, and without Prejudice to any Protestant Purchaser of any forfeited Estate in Ireland, the Matter in question being only between him and his said Brother, and not interfering with any Protestant Families, possessed of any forfeited Estates in the said Kingdom, the Petitioner's Father being within the Articles of Limerick, and no Part of his Estate forfeited, or granted by the Crown to any Protestant: And therefore praying such Relief, as the House shall think fit.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, that the Petitioner's same having been humbly represented to his Majesty, his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that his Majesty gives his Consent, that this House may do therein as they think fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Relief of the Petitioner; and that Mr. Pelham, the Lord Gage, and Mr. Whitworth, do prepare, and bring in, the same*

Treaty with Mr. Treasurer acquainted the House, that his Majesty sPam* had commanded him to lay before this House, Copy of the Act for the Execution of the Preliminaries, signed at the Pardo, March the Sixth, 1728, N. S‘. and Translation thereof.

And he presented the same to the House.

And the Titles thereof were read.

the Translation of the A cl for the Execution of the Preliminaries is as follows; viz

Whereas certain Difficulties have arisen upon the Execution of the Articles, which are called Preliminaries, and which were signed at Paris the last Day of May, and afterwards at Vienna the 13th Day of June, in the Year 1727, by the Ministers respectively furnished with sufficient Powers: And whereas by a certain Declaration, made by the Count de Rottembourg, with the Consent of all the Parties, and approved, the aforesaid Difficulties have been happily adjusted; of which Declaration, and of the Acceptation thereof by his Catholick Majesty, as the same was exhibited, and subscribed by the Marquis de la Paz, in his Name, and by his Command, the Tenor here follows:

Whereas, since the signing of the Preliminaries, certain Difficulties have arisen between the con trading Parties, in relation to the Restitution of Prizes, that have been taken on either Side, and namely, that of the Prince Frederick, and its Cargo, belonging to the South Sea Company, seized and detained by the Spaniards at Vera Cruz; which Difficulties have delayed the Execution of the Preliminaries, the exchanging of the Ratifications with Spain, and the opening of the Congress; his Bri-tannick Majesty, to facilitate Matters, as much as lies in his Power, and to remove all Obstacles, that obstruct a general Pacification, has declared, and given his royal Word, to the most Christian King, that he will, without Delay, fend Orders to his Admirals Wager and Hojier, or, the chief Commander in his (lead, to withdraw from the Seas of the Indies, and of Spain, and that he consents,

that the counterband Trade, and other causesof Complaint, which the Spaniards may have in relation to the Ship Prince Frederick, shall be difeuffed and decided in the Congress; that all the respective Prelensions on each Side shall be produced, debated, and decided, in the same Congress; that therein shall likewise be difeufled and decided* whether the Prizes, taken at Sea on each Side Vox.. 21.

shall be restored.; and that his Britannick Majesty will abide by what shall on all this be regulated:

On my Part I promise, in the Name of the King my Matter, by virtue of the Orders, and full Powers, which I have received for that Purpose, that this Discussion, to be made at the Congress, shall be faithfully executed; that the Exchange of the Ratification shall be performed without delay; and that the Congress shall meet infallibly, and the fooneftthat shall be possible, according to what shall be agreed by the Ministers of the contracting Parties, who shall happen to be at Paris, provided his Catholick Majesty will give his royal Word,

x.

To raise immediately the Blockade of Gibraltar, by fending back the Troops to their Quarters, by causing the Cannon to be drawn off, the Trenches to be filled up, and the Works, made on occasion of this Siege, to be demolished, by re-establishing every thing on each Side conformably to the Treaty ot Utrecht:

2.

To fend, without Delay, his Orders, clear and express, for delivering up forthwith the Ship Prince Frederick, and her Cargo, to the Agents of the South Sea Company, who are at Vera Cruz, that, when they shall think fit, they may fend her to Europe, and to restore the Commerce of the English Nation in the Indies, according to what is stipulated by the Assiento Treaty, and agreed by the ad and jd Articles of the Preliminaries:

5.

To cause the Effetfts of the Flotilla to be immediately delivered to those, to whom they belong, and those of the Galeons, when they shall return, as in Time of Freedom, and of full Peace, according to the jth Article of the Preliminaries:

4-

That his Catholick Majesty do engage in the same Manner, as his Britannick Majesty has engaged above, to abide by all, that shall be regulated by the abovesaid Discussion and Decision of the Congress. Given at the Pardo this 4th of March, 1728.

(L. S.) Rottembourg.

I, the under-written Marquis de la Paz, declare, by express Order, in the royal Name of the Catholick King my Matter, and in consequence of his full Power, that his Majesty, out of his ever constant Desire to facilitate the Negociations for an universal and lasting Peace, is come into an Acceptation of, and does effectually admit, and accept, the Proposal, lately made by the Count de Rottembourg, Minister Plenipotentiary of his most Christian Majesty, according to what is here next above inserted. In witness whereof I sign this present Declaration, and put thereto the Seal of my Arms. At the Pardo, the 5th of March, 1728.

(L. S.) The Marquis de la Paz.

We, the under-written Ministers Plenipotentiaries, duly authorized, to the end the above-written Declaration and Acceptation may obtain the most full Force and Vigour, have signed this special Instrument of Consent and Approbation, in the Name, and by the Command, of our respective Matters, and have affixed our Seals thereto. Given in this Palace, called the Pardo, the 6th Day of the Month of March, in the Year 1728.

H. Count of Kiniigegg, B. Keene, Rottembourg,

(L. S.) (L. S.) (L. S.)

The Marquis la Paz} F. Vander Meer.

(L. S.) (L. S.)

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be peruied by the Members of the House.

The Copy of the Act for the Execution of the Preliminaries is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, that the Matter of the Return for the Borough of Milborne Port, in the County of Somer-Jet, complained of in the Petition of Thomas Barret, late

Deputy

Milborne

Port

Election.

84 i3* Martii. 1727.

Deputy Bailiff of the said Borough, and also the Matter of the Return for the said Borough, complained of in the Petition of William Lock, Esquire (appointed to be heard Yesterday before the said Committee) be heard before the said Committee Tomorrow.

We*dover The Right honourable Richard Hampden, Esquire, be-Wrjt. ing chosen a Knight of the Shire for the County of Bucks* and also a Burgess for the Borough of Wendover, in the same County, made his Election to serve for the said County of Bucks.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Wendover, in the room of the said Mr. Hampden.

St. George, The House proceeded (according to Order) to take into

Hanover Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom

nare, and pet jtion of the Vestry, and Inhabitants, of the Parish of St. George, Hanover Square, within the Liberty of Westminster, in behalf of themselves, and others, Proprietors of several Lands, and Houses, in the said Parish; and also, the Petition of the Vjcar, Churchwardens, Vestry, and other Inhabitants, and Landholders, of the Parish of St. Martin in the Fields; were referred.

And the Report was read, and is as follows; viz.

' That, in Obedience to the Orders of the House, of the Twenty-eighth Day of February last, and of the Fourth Instant, referring to the Consideration of this Committee the Petition of the Vestry, and Inhabitants, of the Parish of St. George, Hanover Square, within the Liberty of Westminster, in behalf of themselves, and others, Proprietors of several Lands, and Houses, in the said Parish, and likewise the Petition of the Vicar, Churchwardens, Vestry, and other Inhabitants, and Landholders, of the Parish of St. Martin in the Fields, the Committee had examined the Matter thereof.

That the Committee find, that an Act passed in the Sixth Year of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " the rebuilding the Parish Church of St. Martin in the " Fields, in the City of WestminsterJ' at the Charge of the Inhabitants of the said Parish; and that the Petitioners, in their respective Petitions, do refer to different £art$ of a Clause, contained in the said Act, which Clause is conceived in the following Words; viz.

u And whereas the Commissioners for erecting Fifty u new Churches in and about the Cities of London and " Westminster, pursuant to several Statutes in that behalf " made and provided, have appointed and intended one " of the said Fifty new Churches to be erected in one of "..the out Wards of the said Parish of St. Martin in the " Fields; it is further enacted and declared by the Au-<c thority aforesaid, that the several Parts and Divisions u of the fai.d Parish of S/. Martin in the Fields, called the " Two out Wards, except such Part thereof, as is inclosed within his Majesty's Park, called St. James's " Park, shall, from and immediately after Easter Day which shall be in the Year of our Lord 1724* or> m " case such Church shall not be so soon erected and consecrated, then from and immediately after Easter Day " next ensuing the Consecration thereof, shall be deemed " and taken to be of itself a distinct Parish, to all Intents " and Purposes whatsoever; and from thenceforth the " Inhabitants within the distinct Limits of such new Parish shall be the Parishioners thereof, and be divided <c and separated from the said Parish of St. Martin in the " Fields, as to their Vestry, and Parish Officers, and Rates " for the Church, and Relief of the Poor, Highways, " and other Parish Rates, within the Limits thereof, and shall be divided and exempt from the said Parish of St. Martin in the Fields, and from bearing any Offices " or Charges therein, and from all Dependences and

e y " Contributions ia respect thereof; and such Division of the said Parishes, hereby made, shall be perpetual, and " to all Intents and Purposes as effectual, and be deemed " and taken, to be within the Intent and Meaning of the

" several Statutes, relating to the said Fifty new Churches, " in such and the same Manner, as if the same had been " subsequent to the Consecration of the said new Church, tc there intended to be erected, as aforesaid, and had been <c made by the said Commissioners for Churches, with " the Consent of Vicar, Churchwardens, and Overseers

of the Poor of the said Parish of St. Martin in the " Fields, and of their Ordinary, by Instrument in Writing, under their Hands and Seals, and had been in all " other Respects made pursuant to the Statutes in that " behalf lately made and provided/'

That it likewise appeared to the Committee, that the Parish Church of St. George, Hanover Square, was con fecrated by the Lord Bishop of London on the Eighteenth Day of March, which was in the Year of our Lord 1724, and the Easter Day following was on the 28th Day of the said Month, in the Year 1725.

That Application was made to the Commissioners of the Land Tax, at their first general Meeting last Year in the Exchequer Chamber, to apportion a distinct Part of the Tax upon the Parish of St. George, Hanover Square, separate from that of St. Martin\ but the said Commissioners refused so to do, the Question being put for that Purpose, and carried in the Negative by a great Majority; and no distinct Sum hath hitherto been allotted upon the Parish of St. George, separate from that of St. Martin.

Neither did it appear to the Committee, that any Demand had been made for that Purpose, excepting last Year.

That, as to the Quotations from the several Acts, for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, for the Years 1725, 1726, and 1727, whereof different Parts of Clauses, relating to the Duty of Commissioners in distributing the several Proportions of the said Tax, are mentioned by the Two Petitions respectively, the Committee referred to the said Acts.

That it appeared to the Committee, that the Commissioners of the Land Tax, at their general Meetings, had proportioned the Land Tax to the several Divisions, in like Manner, as had been practised since the Statute, of the 4th of William and Mary, before the above-mentioned Act, of the 6th of the late King, for rebuilding St. Martin's Church, passed:

And, that particular Assessors and Collectors had been appointed by the Commissioners of the Land Tax of the Parish of St. Martin, for the out Wards, which now constitute the Parish of St. George, Hanover Square.

That the said Afl'efiors and Collectors were Inhabitants of the Parish of St. George; and that they were appointed at a Meeting, where one of the Commissioners, dwelling in the said Parish, was present.

That Evidence was likewise produced before the Committee, to prove, that several Houses in the Parish of St. George, Hanover Square, are more favourably rated to the Land Tax, than other Houses in St. Martin; and that the Rents of several Houses in St. Martin s Parish are diminished, some before, and many since, the new Buildings were erected in and about Hanover Square.

And several of the Witnesses imputed the Decreaseof Rents in St. Martin's Parish to the Increase of Buildings in St. George's Parish.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, for the Service of the Year 1728, is committed, that they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, to oblige the Commissioners for the City of Westminster, and Liberties thereof, and Offices executed in Westminster hall, to ascertain the Proportion of the Land Tax, to be charged upon the Parish of St. George, Hanover Square, distinct from the Parish of St. Martin in the Fields.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Biff, for granting

t Geo. II. 13° — 14® 85

granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain.

Ways and Means*

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning hext, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovisy 140 Martii j

Anno i° Georgii IK* Regis, 1727.

Pr AYERS.

Privilege. \ COMPLAINT being made to the House of jTIL a printed Pamphlet, intituled, " The Gloucester " Journal, with the most material Occurrences, foreign " and domestick; Tuesday, March 12th 1728: Glou-cc cester: Printed by R. Raikes; where Advertisements " are taken in; also by J. IVilfoti, Bookseller, in Ilorfe of Street, BrijlolIn which Pamphlet the Resolutions and Proceedings of this House are printed, in Contempt of the Order, and in Breach of the Privileges, of this House;

The said Pamphlet was delivered in at the Clerk's Table, and several Paragraphs thereof were read.

Ordered, That the said R* Raikes do attend this House upon this Day Fortnight.

Ordered, That the said J. WilJ'on do attend this House upon this Day Fortnight.

of a Sum of Money, Rolen out of his Office'in the Year 1724, was read the Third time.

The following Amendments were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz*

Press 1.1.42. to leave out " fame,* and insert " said " Loss:

Press 2.1. 25. to leave out c< or," and insert c‘ and 1. 34. After " was," insert " or were."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be,

An Act for Relief of the Right honourable the Lord William Rowlett, one of the Tellers of his Majesty's Exchequer, in respect of a Sum of Money, Rolen out of his Office in the Year 1724.

Ordered, That Sir Wm. Yonge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of poor Prisoners for Debt* confined in the Debtor* Gaol or CaRlc of Lancaster, for the County Palatine of Petitioa Laixcafier, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners, who are above a Hundred, by Losses, and otherwise, are utterly incapable of making Satisfaction to their Creditors; and, by the long Confinement of many of them, arc reduced to the greatest Milery and Want: And praying, that such a Bill may bebrought in for their Enlargement, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Bill for naturalizing John Lanove, was read a Se- Lanove's cond time.

Davie's An ingross'ed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act fcrtates. for confirming the Partitions of the Estates late of Sir William Daviey Baronet, deceased, among his Co-heirs, and for settling their Shares thereof, in Severalty, to the same Uses to which their several undivided Pans thereof Rood limited before the Partition, was read the FirR time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Evefliam c'n!ef Inhabitants, Freeholde-s, and

&c Roads. Landholders, of the Parishes of Holy Cross and St* Andrew, in Parfhore, in the County of Worcester, on behalf of rhem-selves, and many others, travelling the Road between the City of Worcester to London, as also of the several adjacent Parishes and Hamlets of Wick juxta, Parfhore. Pevsham, Comber ton Magna, Comber ton Parvax Brickiehampton, Elmely Castle, Birlingham, Defford, and Besford, in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the direct and great Hoad from Worcester to London lies through the said Town of Parfhore to Hinton on the Green, and from thence to Broadway Hill: That by the Bil 1 depend i ng i n t h i$ House, for repai ri n g a nd a m e nd -ing several Roads leading to and from the Borough of Evesham, in the County of Worcester, the Roads from a Place called No-man's Ground, upon Broadway Hilly in the said County, to Stone Bow Bridge, and the several Roads from the Borough of Evejhafy to Cropthorne Brook, Hinton on the Green, the Gate in Offenham Lane, leading to South Littletoiiy Norton, and Bretfordton, are proposed to be amended; and if a Turnpike should be erected upon Broadway Hilly the Petitioners, and all others, travelling the said great Road to and from London, and those Parts, will be obliged to pay a Toil towards repairing the said several Roads which they never touch, lave a small Space of Ground from Broadway Town to the Top of the said Hill: And therefore praying such Relief as the House shall think fit, and that the Petitioners may be heard by their Counsel against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, Until the Bill, for repairing anti amending several Roads leading to and from the Borough of Evefloam, in the County of Worcester, be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill for the Relief the Lord William kxc°cqu!r P owlet t, one of the Tellers of the Exchequer, in respect 4 ' Vol. 2L

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Eyrey Mr. Pelham, Mr. EJfington, Mr. Campbell Sir Wm.

Yonge, Lord How, Mr. Pturner, Mr. Scrope, Mr.

Kelfall. Sir Charles Turnery General Sabine, Mr Knight,

Sir Thomas Hales, Yir. Herbert, Mr. Clayton, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Edwards, Mr. Moor, Mr. Douglas,

Sir Archibald Grant, Mr. Heath cote, Mr. Andrczvs,

Sir Geo. Downing, Mr. Lifer, Mr. Bigg, Mr. Tilfon,

Mr. Bond, Mr. Hacks, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Gwynn, Mr.

Selwyn, Mr. Finch: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The Lord Gage presented to the House (according to Lord Order) a Bill (or Relief of Hyacinthus Richard Nugent, Riverilon's commonly called Lord Riverston, in the Kingdom of Ire* Outlawry. land; and the same was received, and read the FirR time,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of sundry Owners, Freighters, and Masters, Encouraging of Ships, trading from and to the Port of London, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners have for many Years paR Rruggled with very great Losses and Hardships, by the impressing Seamen from on Board Merchant-ships, by the total Decay of the Cargo, if loaded with peiifhable Commodities; which is not only a Loss to the Freighter, and Commerce of the said City, but to the Nation in general, by giving Foreigners an Opportunity to supply the Markets: That the impressing Seamen, and the long Time they are continued in the Service, unpaid their Wages, mufl expose their Families to great Necessities, and be a Discouragement to the Seamen, and occasions them to leave the Service of their Native Country, and con&questly lays the Merchant under a necessity of raising their Wages; which is a great Clog to the Employment of our Freight Ships, the great Nursery of our Seamen, and, if not timely prevented, may prove the Ruin of che best Part of our Navigation;

That, since his Majesty has from the Throne recommended to the House the Increase and Encouragement of Seamen, and that they may be invited, rather than compelled, into the Service, the Petitioners pray the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and give such Relief as ill all be thought moR convenient, far the Pie-femtion and Improvement of Trade and Navigation.

Y Ordered,

86

14° — 150

A. 1727.

Richmond

Election,

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Order of the Day being read, for the further hearing the Merits of the Election for the Borough of Richmond) in the County of York;

The Counsel were ordered to be called in:

And Counsel for the Petitioners only appearing; they were directed to withdraw.

The fitting Members acquainted the House, that the Right of Election being adjudged to be in such Persons only, as are Owners of ancient Burgages in the said Borough, hiving Right of Pasturein a common Field, called Whytcliffe Pasture, they were satisfied, they could not maintain a Majority of Votes, and therefore would not give the House any farther Trouble.

And the fitting Members being withdrawn;

And the Question being put, That Charles Bathurst, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Richmond, in the County of York)

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That Sir Marmaduke Wyvill\ Baronet, is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Richmond;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved) nemine contraiicente, That John Yorke) Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Richmond\

Resolved, nemine contradicente9 That the honourable Sir Conyers D' Arcy, Knight of the most honourable Order of the Bath, is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Richmond.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return for the Borough of Richmond, in the County of York, by rafing out the Names of Charles Bathurst, Esquire, and Sir Marmaduke IVyvill, Baronet, and inserting the Names of John Yorke, Esquire, and the honourable Sir Conyers JD'Arcy) Knight of the most honourable Order of the Bath, instead thereof.

A Petition of the Cordwainers* and Curriers, of the Borough of Bodmyn, in the County of Cornwall, was preferred to the House, and read; letting forth, that the Petitioners} have been great Sufferers, for Years past, in their Trade, by the great Scarcity of Leather, occasioned by the vast Exportation thereof, whereby Leather is advanced to more than double the Price it formerly was sold at, and they cannot get sufficient to employ themselves; lb that they, and their Families, must be ruined, if a speedy Remedy be not found out, to prevent the Exportation thereof; which, the Petitioners apprehend, is owing to the great Drawback allowed to the Exporters, who also go to the Tanners Yard, contrary to Law, and engross the belt Leather; so that there is scarce any fit for working, to be had: They are also Sufferers by the Loss in Weight of Leather, having found Hides to Ihrink Six or Seven Pounds from their first Weight; which would be righted, if brought to a proper Market, and there tried, and learched, to the Statute; another Grievance the Petitioners labour under, which is by the Butchers gafliing and cutting of Skins, and refuse Persons authorized to come into their Shops, where they fell them contrary to Law: And praying, that the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and relieve them therein.

Ordered) That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the poor infol vent Debtors in the County Gaol of Surrey, in behalf of themselves, and many Thousands of their unhappy Brethren in the several Gaols of this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners, by many Losses, are reduced to an utter impossibility of making Satisfaction to their Creditors, or tofubfift themselves, and must inevitably perish (as many of their confined Brethren have) if not relieved by the House, they being willing to deliver their All to their Creditors: And praying such Relief, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Export of Leather.

Debtors

Petition.

Encouraging

Voluntesr

Seamen.

The Order for the House to resolveitself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for encouraging Seamen who shall enter voluntarily into his Majesty's Service, being read;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Debt of his Majesty's Navy, as it flood on the Thirty-first of cember, One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-seven, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Strickland took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Strickland reported from the Committee, that they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Commiucef. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

Road.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing the Road leading from Chatte ii Chatteris Ferry, which divides the Isle of Ely from the Ferry County of Huntingdon, to Somerjloam Bridge, at Somersham Town's End, in the said County, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be,

An Act for repairing the Road leading from Chatteris Ferry, which divides the Isle of Ely from the County of Huntingdon, to Hammond's EaU) and from thence to So-mersham Town's End, in the said County.

Ordered, That the Lord Marquis of Hartington c!o cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Gold. fee, exported.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 150 die Martii;

Anno i9 Georgii IIdl Regis, 1727.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do lay before this House, An Account of the Exports of Gold and Silver, either in foreign Coin, or Bullion, from Christmas, 1722, to Christmas, 1727, distinguishing each Year, and the Places to which the said Exports were made; together with an Account of what has been since entered for Exportation, and for what Places, to the Fifteenth Day of March) 1727.

The House being informed, that Mr. Anefley, Rector Privilege, of Ingoljby, in the County of Lincoln) Mr. Ambrose Ke-dington) Thomas Collingwood> and Cornelius Rudkin, have made their Submission, and given Satisfaction, to Sir Gilbert Heathcotey Knight, in relation to the Breach of Privilege, complained of on his behalf the Twenty-second Day of February last;

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the Matter of the said Complaint.

Prayers.

Richmond

IvU&ion.

THE Clerk of the Crown attended, and (according to Order) amended the Return for the Borough of Richmond, in the County of York.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-eight.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir

Supply Bill; Land Tax.

i Geo. II.

15° — 18° Martii.

87

Port of

atber.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair,

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Qjjeen- Ordered, That Sir Jeremy Vanacker Sambrooke, Baronet,

Election at Liberty to withdraw his Petition, complaining of

an undue Election and Return for the Borough o{§>ueen-borough, in the County of Kent.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the Matter of the said Petition.

Supply.

Ways and Means.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, Tha.t this House m\\,uponWednefdayMorning next, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply grafted to his Majesty.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Luncey 18° die Martii;

Anno i° Georgii IP1 Regis, 1727. Prayers.

Reading A/T R- John Ivory Talbot reported from the Committee Itc. Roads. 1VX to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others. Inhabitants in and about the Town of Newbury, in the County of Berks, was referred; that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk'sTable; where the same was read, and is as follows; viz.

That the Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, dated the Thirteenth of M/irck instant, proceeded to examine the Matter of the said Petition: And, to prove the Allegations, the Petitioners called Mr. fVm. Jones, and Mr. Charles Hall; Who, being severally examined, said, that many Parts of the Road, leading from Seven Mile Stone to Speenhamland, being the great Road from London to Bath and Bristol, being about Two Miles and a half, by reason of heavy Carriages frequently passing through the fame, are become very bad and ruinous.

That it appeared, by the same Evidence, that the said Road cannot be effectually repaired without the Aid of Parliament.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee to whom the Bill for the more effectual repairing the Highways between the Bear Inn in Reading, and Puntfield, in the County of Berks, and for amending the Road leading out of the said Highways to Burghfield Hatch, and from Puntfield aforesaid to Seven Mile Stone, and from thence to Aldermarflon Bridge, in the said County, is committed, that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for amending the Road leading from Reading to Speenhamland, adjoining to Newbury, in the said County.

Canterbury Sir Thomas Hales reported from the Committee to

Workhouse. whom the Petition of the Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, Sheriff, and Common-coemcil, and other the principal Inhabitants, of the City of Canterbury, was referred; that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Vol. 21,

Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as follows; viz.

That the Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, dated the Eleventh of March instant, proceeded to examine the Matter of the said Petition:

To prove the Allegations thereof, Mr. Thomas HMng-bury and Mr. Henry Lenaker were called j and, being severally examined, said, that several Parishe6 in the City of Canterbury are now, and for many Years pall have been, burthened with the Maintenance of great Numbers of poor People; and that there is now raised yearly the Sum of £. 1,458. 6s. od. and, although it is a greater Sum than was raised formerly, yet it is not sufficient to support the Poor.

That many poor People are now destitute of Employ* ment, by the late great Decay of the Silk, Hop, and Wool-combing Trade; and that many poor People are daily wandering about the Streets, for want of Work.

That, by the Evidence of the said Mr. Hollingbury and Mr. Lenaker, it appeared to the Committee, if a Work* house was erected within the City of Canterbury, as the Petitioners pray for, it would be a great Ease to the Parishes, and the Poor thereof better provided for.

Ordered, Thar Leave be given to bring in a Bill for erecting a Workhouse in the City of Canterbury, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor there; and that Sir Thomas Hales, Sir Wm. Hardres, and Mr. Whitworth, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Davie's for confirming the Partitions of* the Estates late of Sir Estates< William Davie, Baronet, deceased, among his Co-heirs, and for settling their Shares thereof, in Severalty, to the same Uses, to which their several undivided Parts thereof flood limited before the Partition, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Wm. Tonge,

Mr. Heathcote, Mr. Wither, Sir Conyers D'Arcy, Mr.

Yorke, Sir John Hind Cottony Lord Wm. Pozvlett, Sir Nathanael Ctirzon, Mr. William, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr.

Plumptre, Mr. Pacey, Mr. Bofcawen, Mr. Selwyn, Mr.

Cary, Mr. Monro, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Page, Mr. Pelham,

Mr. Edgecumbe, Dr. Sayer, Mr. Clavering, Mr. Wallis,

Mr. Offley, Mr. Coppleflon, Mr. Finch, Mr. Norris, Captain Vernon, Mr. Huxley, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Pulteney,

Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Ctefar, Mr. Cornwallis, Mr. Molyneux; and all the Members, that serve for the Counties of Devon, Dorset, Somerset, and Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the poor and miserable insolvent Debtors, Debtors

confined in the Gatehouse Prison, Westminster, in behalf of Petition, themselves, and many Thousands imprisoned Debtors in the Kings Bench, and his Majesty's Prison of the Fleet, and in the several Gaols of this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners did conceive the greatest Hopes, whilst the late insolvent Act was under the Consideration of the House, that the same would have extended to relieve the Debtors, without Limitation, or to oblige the Creditors to maintain the Debtors, while confined: That the Session before the last insolvent Act, a Bill passed this House, to oblige the Creditor, either to release, or to maintain, his Debtor, upon his delivering up his All; but the fame, through Multiplicity of Business, did not obtain the sanction of a Law: And praying, that the House will find out some Expedient for their Enlargement, so that their Hands may be made useful to the Publick.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of several Persons whose Names are there- Ditto, unto subscribed, for and on the behalf of themselves, being upwards of One hundred and Forty poor insolvent Debtors in the Sheriffs Prison, or Ward, of and for the County of

88 18° Martli.

of Devon, vtras presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that their Extremities are so great, that though they have offered all they have to their Creditors, yet nothing will satisfy their cruel Desiresj but the dilrrial Languishing out their Days in Gaol; to which Banishment, With Liberty, is preferable, even to the Plantations, where their Hands may be serviceable: And praying the House to considerthe deplorable same of the Petitioners, and grant them such Relief, as shall be thought meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table,

heading, A Petition of the Bailiff, Burgesses, Gentlemen, and

ice. Roads, ^habitants of the Borough of Chippenham, in the County of Wilts, and others, neighbouring Gentlemen, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that there is a Bill depending in the House, for the more effectual repairing the Highways between the Bear Inn, in Reading, and Puntfield, in the County of Berks; That the Road leading from Reading to Newbury, in the said County, is very bad, and dangerous to Travellers, by reason of the heavy Carriages passing thrbugh the fame: And praying, that it may be an Inllruftion to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed, that they receive a Clause for repairing the Road from Reading to Newbury aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the iMatter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Rob arts, Mr. Molyneux, Mr. Digby, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Hughes, Sir Wm. Strickland, Mr. Conduitt, Mailer of the Rolls, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Booth,

Mr. Cross, Sir John Norris, Mr. Norris, Mr. Huxley, Mr. Efflngton, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Mr. St. John, Mr. Hung erf ord, Mr. Clayton, Sir John Rufhout, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Cary, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Price, Mr. Heath cote,

Mr. Newlaitd, Mr. Polhill, Mr. Ccefar, Mr. Alderman Child, Mr. Lacon Child, Sir Wm. Tonge; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Berks and Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Rochester to A Petition of several Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen,

ta* Roads' -?1^ 0t^ers' *vln§ ]n> and near, ^ie Town of Maidstone,

c* oa s, in the County of Kent, whose Names are thereunto ‘Tub-feribed, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that the Road leading from Rochester, through Maidstone, to Style Bridge, Sutton, Vallence, through Langley, and Yaiding, by Novell Hill, and also the Road leading from Mailing Heath, through Barming Woods, to Maidstone, by reason of the many heavy Carriages passing through the fame, are become very ruinous, and in many Parts impassable in the Winter, and great Part of the Summer Season: That Maidstone, being the Shire Town, and situate near the Center of the County, is the moll commodious Place for holding the Assizes, and transacting the other publick Business of the said County; but the Hoads being so much out of Repair, Passengers cannot pass and re pals to and from the said Town, without great Danger; and the Inhabitants of the several Parishes wherein the said Roads do lie, are not able by the ordinary course of the Laws to repair the same: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the said Roads.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr, Finch, Lord Fitzwilliams, Mr. Gybbon, Sir John Norris, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Polhill, Mr. Hope, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Booth, Mr. Pelham, Sir Edward Knatchbull, Mr. Molyneux, Mr. St. John, Mr. Huxley, Mr. Wither, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Byng, Sir Roger Meredith, Sir Robert Furnefe, Mr. Laivfon, Mr. Hedges, Mr. Lacon Child, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Bacon, Mr.

2Z

Bromley, Sir John Rufhout, Mr. Sands, Mr. Pacey, Mr.

Finch, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Geers, Mr. Gwynn, Mr Vane,

Mr. Fox, Sir Phillip Parker, Mr. Duckett, Mr. Eyres,

Mr. Hughes, Mr. Newland, Mr. C<efary Mr. Rob arts,

Mr. Danvers, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Wyndham, Mr. Norris,

Mr. Rudge, Colonel Fane, Mr. Fane, Sir Walter Bagot,

Lord Lewisham, Mr. Evelyn, Sir Roger Moflyn, Mr.

Tufton, Mr. Papillon\ and all the Members that serve for the Counry of Kent: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Paper.-, and Records.

A Petition of the Grand Jury of the Assizes; holden Rochester t» at the King's Town and Parish of Maidstone, in and for the Maidstone County of Kent, the Fourteenth Day of March, 17 26, and &C-R°acts« of the Mayor, Jurats, and Inhabitants, of the said Town, and other neighbouring Gentlemen, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Road leading from the City of Rochester to Maidstone, through Yalding, by Tovell Hill, being above Fifteen Miles in Length, is, by reason of the many heavy Carriages passing through the lame, become so very bad, that many Parts thereof are almoll impassable: That Maidstone is the Shire Town, and the most commodious Place for holding the Assizes, if the Roads were in any Degree of Repair; but they are so bad that', by the ordinary Course or the Law, the same cannot be repaired, without some other Provision be made by Parliament: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the said Roads.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the Petition of several of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, and others, living in, and near, the Town of dSIaidflone, in the County of Kent, whole Names are thereunto lub-feribed, is referred; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition of several of the Trustees named in an Act Coalftev, &c. passed last Session of Parliament, for repairing the lL>acts Read, leading from Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, to and from several Places therein particularly mentioned, and also of several other Persons living in, and near, the said Town of Birmingham, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Road leading from Great Bridge to Coaifley, in the Parish of Sedgley, in the County of Stafford, about Two Milesin Length, joins to the Road directed to be repaired by the said Act; and Waggons, and other Carriages, in bringing of Coals to Birm'mgham through the said Road, have caused the same to be so very bad and ruinous, that it cannot be repaired, and so kept, without Ernie Provision be made for that Purpose: And praying that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Road from Great Bridge to Coaifley in the Parish of Sedgley, in the County of Stafford, for the better carrying on the Iron Manufactures at Birmingham.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the Petition of several Gen'tlemen, Tradesmen, and others, living in, and near, Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, whose Names are thereunto subscsibed, is referred; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House-.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this Cirmarthcrt House Tomorrow Morning, with the Return for the Election. Town of Carmarthen.

A Petition of the Corporation of Cordwainers and Export of Curriers, and others belonging to the Leather Trade, in Lealher' the City and County of Exon, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners have for several Years pad been great Sufferers in their Trade, by reason of the Exportation of vast Quantities of Leather, which renders it lb scarce, that they cannot get sufficienc

89

i Geo. II. j89 — 19

I'.ditocj

Rsai,

to carry on their Business, and so dear, that it is double the Price it used to beat; which Scarcity, and Dearness, is occasioned by the great Drawback the Exporter is allowed, who engrois all they can* by going to, and buying at, the Tanners Yards, contrary to the Act 90 Amide Regina: The Petitioners are also Sufferers by the Butchers cutting and gashing the Hides atod Skins, contrary to Law, which obliges them to bring the Skins to a proper Place* to be viewed, and searched, which would prevent that Abuse; but they fell them at their Shops, in Defiance of the Law: And praying, that the House will take their Grievances into Consideration; and apply such a Remedy as shall prevent the like for the future.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Punching An ingrossed Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, Mutiny and an(j for the better Payment of the Army, and their Dc eruoB. Quarters> was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters.

Ordered, That Mr. Pelham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Standing The House being informed, that forne Difficulties had Orders for arisen at the Committee of Privileges and Elections, JUturnt* touching the Method of proceeding upon the double Return for the Town of Montgomery, and upon the several Petitions, presented to the House, and referred to the Committee, on the First Day of February last, relating to the said Return, and the Election for the said Borough 5 Several Journals of the House were read.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put. That in all Cases on double Returns, where the same shall be controverted either at the Bar of this House, or in Committees of Privileges and Elections, the Counsel for such Person who shall be first named in such double Return, or whose Return shall be immediately annexed to the Writ, or Precept, shall proceed in the First Place;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas, j^r J l77-

Tel.crsforlh«Noa,|"r^;t J

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, and Declared, That the Laid Order be a Standing Order of the House.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Encouraging Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday next,

Volunteer5 at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee Seamen. of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for encouraging Seamen who shall enter voluntarily into his Majesty's Service.

Supply Bill Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn-

Land Tax* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-eight.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

R-aoirg &c Ordered That all the Members who serve for the Roads. Counties of Gloucester and Somerset, be added to the Committee to whom the Bill for more effectual repairing the Highways between the Bear Inn in Reading, and Puntfidd in the County of Berks, and for amending the Road leading out of the said Highways to Burghfield Hatch, and from Puntfield aforesaid to Seven Mile Stone, and from thence to Aldermarflon Bridge, in the said County, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vol. fii« ,

Mart is, 190 dieMdrtii \

Anno i# Georgii IIdi Regis, 1727.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Corporation of Cordwainers Export of and Curriers, &c. belonging to the Leather Trade, Lealhcr* in the Borough of Penryti, in the County of Cornwall, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners have for several Years past been gheat Sufferers in their Trade, by reason of the Exportation of vast Quantities of Leather; which renders it so scarce, that they cannQt get sufficient to carry on their Business, and so dear, that it is double the Price it used to be at; which Scarcity, and Dearness, is occasioned by the great Drawback the Exporter is allowed, who engross all they can, by going to, and buying at, the Tanners Yards, contrary to the Act 9* Anna Regina: The Petitioners are also Sufferers by the Butchers cutting and gashing the Hides and Skins, contrary to Law, which obliges them to bring the Skins to a proper Place, to be viewed, and searched, which would prevent that Abuse; but they fell them at their Shops, in Defiance of the Law: And praying, that the House will take their Grievances into Consideration, and apply such a Remedy as shall prevent the like for the future.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Effington reported from the Committee to whom Lanove't the Bill for naturalizing John Lanove was committed; Nal* that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

A Bill for repairing and amending several Roads lead- Evefhatn ing to and from the Borough of Evesham, in the County Roads, of Worcester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Job1 RuJJiout, Lord Wm. Powlet, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Gybbon,

Mr. Conduitt, Sir John Hinde Cotton, Mr. Knight, Sir Edward Stanley, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Sclwyv, Sir John Sion-house, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Edwards, Mr. Torke, Mr. Packer,

Mr. Peyioe, Mr. Wor t ley, Mr. Brereton, Mr* Dig by.

Sir John Dutton, Mr. Plummer, Mr. Cox, Colonel Read,

Mr. Vincent, Colonel Berkeley, Mr. Lutwyche, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Huxley, Mr. $iifnell\ Sir Wm. Keyt, Mr Harvey,

Mr. Cornwallis, Sir Thomas Sebright, Mr. Duncomb, Mr.

Lawson, Lord Morpeth, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Potenger, Mr.

Hacks, Mr. Crofts, Colonel Onslow, Sir IVilfrid Lawson

Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Owen, Mr. Williams,

Lord Marquis of Hartington, Dr. Sayer, Mr. Byng, Mr.

Wither, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Hanbury, Mr. Norris,

Mr. Shephard, Sir John Eyles, Mr. Rudge, Mr. Ewards.

Sir Nath. Curzon, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Alderman Child, Mr.

Holmes, Mr. Effington, Sir Edward Knatchbull, Sir Henry Houghton, Mr. Pacey, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Alderman Pa fans. General Wade, Mr. Munro, Mr. Campbell, Mr.

Fane, Mr. P/umpire, Sir John Cope, Sir James Campbell,

Mr. Rowney, Mr. Waller; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Gloucester, Worcester, Warwick;

Salop, and Hereford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Petition of the chief Inhabitants, Freeholders, and Landholders, of the Parishes of Holy Crofs and St. Andrew, in Parfhore, in the County of Worcester, on behalf of themselves, and many others, travelling the Road between the City of Worcester to London, as also of the several adjacent Parishes and Hamlets of Wick juxta-, Parfhore, Pensham, Comberton Magna, Comberton Parva, Bricklehampton, Elmely Cajile, Birlingham, Defford, and Besford, in the said County, which was presented to the House the Fourteenth of March Instant, and ordered to lie upon the Table until the second Reading of the said Z Bill,

9°

Bill, be referred to the said Committee; and that the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel against the said Bill, before 'he said Committee, if they think fit.

Evcfliam A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Freeholders, Te-Roads; scants, and others, the Inhabitants in the several Parities and Townships of Bredfordton, Wilierfea, Saint-bury, Afion, Westott, the Honybqnes, Mickleton, Pebworth, Barton, Biddeford, Broome, Wexford, Church Salford, Abbots Salford\ Harvington, Norton, Leachwick, Offenhafn, C/m?, Prior, North Littleton, Middle Littleton, Littleton,

Badfey, Wickamford, Gra/ Hampton, Little Hampton, Buckland, Laberton, Hinton on the Green, Alcester, Broadway, Childs Wickham, Dojfmgton, Summervilles, Act on, Churchdench, Hob deneh, Ach deneh, Stanton, Long Mar-ston, We If or d, in the several Counties of Worcester, Gloucester, and Warwick, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read $ setting forth, that the several Towns and Villages aforesaid lie near adjoining to Evesham, which is the chief Market, to which the Petitioners can conveniently re fort; That the Petitioners find, a Petition has been presented to

N the House, On behalf of the Mayor, Aldermen, and

Burgesses, of Evesham, setting forth, that the Road from a Place called No-man $ Ground, upon Broadway Hills, to Btfze; Bridge, and the several Roads to Crapthorne Brook,' Hinton on the Green, the Gate in Offcnham Lane, leading to Littleton, to Norton, and to Bretfordton, are, by many heavy Carriagespafling through the lame, become almost impassable; and that the Inhabitants of the adjacent Parishes are not of Ability to repair the fame: That, if such a Bill should pass into a Law, the same will greatly prejudice the Petitioners; for that the High Road from the City of London to Worcester doth not go from the Place called No-man's Ground, to Stone Bow Bridge, through Evesham, but through Hinton on the Green, and Perfhore, in the County of Worcester, near which last , Place the late Worcester Act for amending the Roads, reacheth; which is the ancient and accustomed Road, and a much nearer Way than by Evesham and Stone Bow Bridge, and is much more easy of being repaired, by reason of its Nearness to the Materials to do it; and the Roads prayed to be repaired by the said Petition, are not deep, or full of Quick-sands, nor have many Carriages passing through the fame; nor are the Inhabitants of the adjacent Parishes unable to amend them \ who have not done their Statute-work for many Years pad, which, if duly done, would have been sufficient to repair those Roads; but the Petitioners have great Reason to believe, that the true Intent of the Inhabitants of Evesham, for making a Road through their Town, chiefly is calculated for rebuilding a large Stone Bridge over a deep and wide Water within the said Town, a great Part whereof is lately fallen in, and must be intirely rebuilt, and the fame, being no County Bridge, hath been, and ought to be* repaired by the Inhabitants of Evesham; and the Petitioners, having no Advantage by the Roads prayed to be amended by the said Petition, for that they are obliged to use other Roads leading from their Habitations to Evesham, ought not to pay any thing thereto: And praying, that they may be heard by their Counsel, before any such Bill as is prayed for by the said Petition, qjafs into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the Bill for repairing and amending several Roads leading to and from the Borough of Evesham, in the County of Worcester, is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel against the said Bill, before the said Committee, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard for the said Bill.

Peterborough Ordered, That the Matter of the Petition of Janes

Election. pix> Bailiff of the City of Peterborough, complaining of an undue Return for the said City, which Petition was presented to the House the First Day of Februarydaft, and

A. 1727*

referred to the Committee of Privileges and JEleftions, be heard at the Bar of this House.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House upon Tuesday, the'Ninth Day of April next.

Ordered, That the Matter of the Petition of the Dean and Prebendaries of the Cathedral Church of the said City of Peterborough* complaining of an undue Return for the said City, which Petition was presented to the House the First Day of February last, and referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, be heard at the Bar of this House at the same time the Matter of the Petition of James Pix, Bailiff of the said City of Peterborough, is appointed to be heard at the Bar.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Eleiftions be discharged from proceeding upon the Matter of said Petitions.

Ordered, That James Pix, Bailiff of the City of Peterborough, do attend this House upon Tuesday, the Ninth Day of April next, with the Return of Citizens, to serve in this present Parliament for the said City, alleged to be made, and tendered, by him to the High Sheriff of the County of Northampton*

The House proceeded (according to Order) to the hearing the Merits of the Election and Return for the Borough of Carmarthen.

And the Counsel were called in.

And the Petition of James Phillips, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, and also the Petition of Erasmus Phillips, one of the late Sheriffs for the said Borough* complaining of the said Return, were read.

And the Counsel were heard.

And the Evidence on both Sities being given, as to the Right of Election; and the Charters, and Copies of fe-vera) ancient Records, and Returns, being read; and the Counsel on both Sides further heard; and the Counsel, and Witnesses, being withdrawn;

A Motion being made. That the Right of Election of Burgesses, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Carmarthen, is in the Burgesses of the said Borough;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by adding, at the End thereof, these Words; " and in the Inhabitants thereof, paying Scotland Lot." And the Question being put, That those Words be added to the Question;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas, j

Tellers for the Noes, . j 73-

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Right of Election of Burgesses, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Carmarthen, is in the Burgesses of the said Borough.

Then the Counsel were called in again, and Mr. Speaker acquainted them with the said Resolution.

And the Counsel were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further hearing the Merits of the Election and Return for the Borough of Carmarthen, be adjourned till Thursday Morning next, Eleven of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock*

190 Martii.

Carmarrhen

Elc&ion.

ar:!c

'Ikffl

l Geo. II. io°

91

dinbirgfi

Petty

Customs.

CotHley, &c. Road.

Mercuriij 20° afe Martii;

Anno i° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1727. Prayers.

AP £ T I TI O N of the Lord Provost, and Magistrates, of the City of Edinburgh, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that by an Act 30 Georgii IBi, and an Act 90 Georgii I®1, for granting to the fai'd City, for the Uses therein Specified, a Duty of One-sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, for each Scots Pint of Ale and Beer brewed and consumed within the said City, or Liberties, it is provided, that, daring the Term thereby granted, certain Duties, known by the Name of Petty Port Customs, should be discontinued; but Several Doubts have arisen touching the Meaning of the said ClauSe, by reason there is no Specification of Such of the Petty Port Customs as are intended to be discontinued, and such as were intended to be continued: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill for ascertaining and distinguishing Such of the said Petty Port Customs, as were not by the said Laws intended to be discontinued.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the Hotife.

And it is referred to Mri Campbell, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir Wm. Yonge, Lord Flow, Mr. Plummer, Mr. Scrope, Mr. Keif all. Sir Charles Turner, General Sabine, Mr. Knight, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Clayton, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Edwards, Mr. Moor, Mr. Douglas, Sir Archibald Grant, Mr. Heath cote, Mr. Andrews, Sir Geo. Downing, Master of the Rolls, Mr. Lifter, Sir Edward Knatchbull, Mr. Big, Sir Wilfrid Lawson, Mr. Tilfon, Mr, Effington, Mr. Bond, Mr. Bathurst, Sir Nicholas Williams, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Cjry, Mr. Colly ear, Sir John Cope, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Sehvyn, Mr. Hucks, Lord Lewifham, Mr. Finch, Mr. Tow ufend, Mr. Whitworth, Lord Marquis of Hartington, Lord Morpeth; and all the Members that Serve for JVtfrM Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the tdock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Digby reported from the Committee to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Tradesmen, and others, living in, and near, Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, and also the Petition of several of the Trustees named in an Act, palSed last Session of Parliament, for repairing the Roads leading from Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, to and from several Places therein particularly mentioned, and also of several other Persons living in, and near, the said Town of Birmingham, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, were referred; that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as follows; viz.

That the Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, had examined the Matter of the said Petitions, and found the same to be as follows; viz.

Mr. Wm. Twamlcy, Mr. James Furr eft, and Mr. John Wilks, were called; and, being examined, said, that the Road desired to be repaired, leads from Great Bridge to Ccaljley, where great Plenty of Coals are, and joins to one of the Roads directed to be repaired by tire Act passed in the last Session of the last Parliament of his late Majesty, for repairing the several Roads leading from Birmingham to several Places in the Act mentioned; and the same is become so very ruinous, by reason of heavy Carriages frequently going that Way, that Horses and Cattle canont pass and repass in the Winter Season without great Difficulty.

That the same Witnesses gave Evidence, the Statute-work had beenconstantly done by the Parishes wherein this Vol. 21.

Road lies; and, if n^ore was done, than is required by Law, it would not be sufficient to repair the lame; and, this Road being so bad all the Winter, a great many Persons using Coals are obliged to go to another Place for what they want, where they are forced to give double the Price they usually paid.

Mr. Twamley laid, that, if this Road was repaired, which is no more than Two Miies, the Price of Coals would be abated; for Coals which Two Years ago were sold at Four Pence, and Four Pence half-peny, per Hundred Weight, are now fold for Eight Pence per Hundred Weight; and the Persons who have Coals at other Places, keeping the Price of them very high, has impoverished Abundance of poor Families employed in the Iron Manufacture, and increased the Poor's Rates to above Three hundred Pounds/w Annum; and that, by this advanced Price, he now pays Nine Shillings pet Week more for.Coals, than he used to do; but if this Road was amended, Coals might be had at the same Price they were formerly.

Mr. John Wilks, one of the Trustees in the late Act of Parliament, for repairing the Road near Birmingham; Aid, that he and his Co-trustees are willing that Part of the Moneys arising by the Toll collected by the said Act* should be applied for repairing this Road, being no more than Two Miles in Length, if they may be impowered by Parliament so to do.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for impowering the Trustees appointed to put in Execution Part of an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads leading from Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, to and from several Places in the said Act mentioned, to repair the Road from Great Bridge, in the County of Stafford, to Coalefley, in the said County: And that Mr. Digby, Mr. Peytoe, and Mr. Plumer, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the poor Prisoners, confined for Debt in the several Gaols or Prisoniof the County of Nottingham, and of the Town of Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read: setting forth, that some of the Petitioners have been Prisoners above 12 Years, some of their Debts amounting to 218. to one Person; so that such of them could have no Relief from any Act for a limited Sum, but are mightily reduced to a lamentable Degree of Poverty and Insolvency, having no Redress from the distant Parishes to which they belong, who have refused to comply with the Orders of the Justices of Peace for the Petitioners Subsistence: And praying such Relief, as the House shall think proper, for their Enlargement.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing John Lanove, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing John Lanove.

Ordered, That Mr. Effington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Orders of the Day being fead;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ~ House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The Order for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, being read;

Ordered, That the Account of what Arrears of former Land. Taxes are now remaining in the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, bje referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Surplusses, statedat Lady-day, 1727, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Surplusses, stated at Michaelmas, 1727, be referred to the said Committee.

Then

Debtoit

Petition.

Lanove'a Nat.

Siipply*

Ways and Meani.

pet 20° — 21°

' Theh the House resolved itself into thfe (kid Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that they had ccfltne to several Resolutioni, which they had directed him to report, when the House Will please td receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be reteived To-morroiV Morning.

Sir Charles Turner also acquainted the House, that he v Was directed by the Committee to rtidVe, that they may have Leate to lita^ain.

Resolved, That mis Hmife will, upon Monday Morn-itlg next, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for ritifing the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Sup|7ly Bill. The Order, for the House to refoive itself into a Com-

Lao4 Ta*t' htittefc Of thfe Whole House, to consider further of the Bill for glinting ah Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be fciifed in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Severt hundred and Twchty-eight, being read;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to itceive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee* that they have Power to receive a Clause for making good the Deficiency of the Land Tax, for the Year Orife thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-six, out Of the Loans on this Act.

Then the House refolded itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

SvvK^harles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker fefumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that they had mide a further Progress in the Bill; and had directed ftioi to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, at Twelve of the Clock, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ctfmarthen Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this Election. House Tomorrow Morning, with the Return for the Borough of Carmarthen.

Committee*. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 2i°die Martii

Anno i° Georgii IIrtl Regis, 1727.

Prayers.

Canterbury C IR Thomas Hales presented to the House (according Workhouse. O to Order) a Bill for ‘erecting a Workhouse in the City of Canterbury, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor there; and the fitme was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Export of A Petition of the ChriJwainers, Sadlers, and Curriers, Leather, belonging to the Leather Trade, in the Bbrodgh of Horn-tonj in the ‘County of Devon, was presented to the‘House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners have, for several Years past, been great Sufferers in their Trade, by reason of the Exportation of vast Quantities of Leather; which renders it lo scarce, that they cannot get sufficient to canv on their Business, and so dear, that it is double the Price it used to be at; which Scarcity, and Dearn^fs, is occasioned by the great Drawback the Exporter is allowed, whoengrofe ad they can, by going to, and buy-

Martii. A. 1727*

ing at, the Tanners Yards, contrary to the Act 9* Ann*

Regina: The Petitioners are also Sufferers by the Butchers cutting and gashing the Hides and Skins, contrary to Law, which obliges them to bring the Skins to a proper Place, to be viewed, and searched, which would prevent that Abuse 5 but they fell them at their Shops in Defiance of the Law: And praying, that the House will take their Grievances into Consideration, and apply such a Remedy as shall prevent the like for the future.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the insolvent Debtors, confined in the Debtor* Prison of Woodstreet Compter* in behalf of themselves, Petitions, and many Thousands of Prisoners in the several Gaols of this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that though they are willing to deliver up all they have to their Creditors, yet they refuse to accept of the fame, resolving rather have their Persons confined, whose Liberty might be serviceable to the Publick j but their Imprisonment is become a Burthen to the several Parishes to which they belong: That, since his Majesty's Accession to the Throne has filled the Hearts of all other his Subjects with Joy, the Petitioners hope the Government will not leave so many Thousand Debtors as there are in Gaol, to despair of Mercy: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of insolvent Debtors.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the several Person in White Chappel Pri-fbn, in behalf of themselves, and several Thousands imprisoned Debtors in the several Gaols of this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners had great Hopes whilst the late insolvent Act was depending, that the same would have extended to relieve all Debtors, without any Limitation of a Sum, or that the Creditor should be obliged to maintain the Debtor, whilst in Gaol, upon Refusal to accept of his All; but that Act limited a Sum ofj£. 100. due to any one Creditor; whereby the Petitioners, who owed above that Sum, were deprived the Benefit thereof, and are in a worse Condition than Bankrupts, or other Prisoners who had not so considerable Dealings in the World, and may be made serviceable to the Publick: And praying, that, if their Creditors will not accept the Surrender of all they have, upon Pain of Death, that they may be obiged to maintain them in Prison.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr.

John Bennet:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Maidenhead, for making more effectual an Act, passed in the Fourth &c. Bridge* Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, intituled, H An Act for repairing the Highways from Mai- denhead Bridge to Sunning Lane End, next to Twyford,

<4 in the Road to Reading, and from the said Bridge* to «4 Henley Bridge, in the County of Berks " without any Amendment:

And also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, Ellison's An Act to enable Robert Ellison, Esquire, and the Heirs Name, and Issue of his Body, to take and use the Surname of Carre, according to the Will of his Uncle, Francis Carre,

Esquire, deceased, without any Amendment:

And also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, WcflelowM An Act for naturalizing Abraham Wcfelow, without any N&«< Amendment;

And also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, OUenWghV An Act for naturalizing Adam Oldenbnrgk, and Phil/ippe &c. Nat. DumouJhery\Nith some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

And also, the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Lord Act to enable the Guardians of the Lord George Bent in eke, Bentincke'* Second Son of Henry late Duke of Portland, to make £lUle % Leases of certain Houses, Grounds, and Tenements, in Soho, during the Minority of the said Lord George, for making Ptovifionfor his Maintenance, and for, other Pur-

poles

Birmingham

Hoads.

Hockliffe

Hoads.

Ditto.

I Geo. It. 0. C Martil.$3

poses therein mentioned; to which tiife Lords desire th6 met at their generaf Quarter Sessions of tfce Peaces Concurrence of this House. holden at Bedford, for the said County, the Fourth Day

And then the Messengers withdrew; of October 1727, is referred; and that they do examine

the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear Mr. Digby presented to the House (according to to them, to the House.

Order) a Bill for impowering the Trustees, appointed to

put in Execution Part of an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Sir Charles Turner (according to Order) reported from Ways

Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re^ and Mean*

First, for^epniring the Roads leading from Birminghahi, in ferred to consider further of Ways and Means for railing

the County of Warwick, to and from the several Places in the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions, which the said Act mentioned, to repair the Road from Great they had directed him to report to the House: And he:

Bridge, in the County of Stafford, to Coalefley, in the said *edd the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it County; and the same was received, and read the First in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read; and time. the Resolutions of the Committee are as follow; viz,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. 1 Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee;

That the Sum of Fifteen thousand Seven hundred Fifty-/ A Petition of his Majesty'sjustices of the Peace for the &ven Pounds, Fifteen Shillings, remaining in the Receipt County of Bedford, met at their General Quarter Sessions of hte Majesty's Exchequer, on Arrears of former Land of the Peace, holden at Bedford, for the said County, the Taxes, be applied towards raising the Supply granted td Fourth Day of October, 1727, was presented to the House, his Majesty, for the Service of the Year One thousand and read; setting forth, that by an Aoh 50 Anna Regina, Seven hundred and Twenty-eight, for repairing the Highways betwen Hockliffe and Woburn, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee/

in the said County, a Term wasgranted, of 21 Years, for That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-three thousand Six raising Money by a Toll; and the Money collected hath hundred and Eleven Pounds, Five Shillings, and Four been duly collected, and applied for that Purpose; yet Pence Half-peny, be granted to his Majesty, for making,

several Parts of the said Road are dill so much out of good the Deficiency of the General Fund of Seven liun-

Repair, that they cannot be amended, unless the said dred Twenty-four thousand Eight hundred Forty-nine

Term be enlarged, and a conii'derable Sum raised for that Pounds, Six Shillings, and Ten Pence; and One-fifth Part End: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring ofa Peny, per Annum, for the Year, ended at Michaelmas* in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-seven. the said Act, so as the said Highways may be effectually The First of the find Resolutions, being read a Second amended and repaired. time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the by the House.

Consideration of a Committee; and that they do exa- The Second Resolution being read a Second time;" mine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Resolution appear to them, to the House. - be postponed.

And it is referred to Lord Finch, Mr. Compton, Mr. Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee Pitlteney, Dr. Saver, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Yorke, Mr. San- of the whole House, to whom the Bill (or granting an Aid dys, Mr. Bacon,'Mr. Serjeant Birch, Sir John Cope, Mr. to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Bri-Vernon, Mr. Danvers, Lord Marquis of Hartington, Sir tain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven

Humphry Monoux, Mr. Pacey, Mr. Plumer, Sir Philip hundred and Twenty-eight, is committed, that they do

Parker, Mr. Shuttlewcrth, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. receive a Clause, pursuant to the First of the said Kefo-

Byng, Mr. Bigg, Mr. Townsend, Mr. Clayton, Colonel lubons, agreed to by the House.

Read, Sir Charles Turner, Lord Palmerston, Mr. Crowle,

Mr. Digby, Mr. Budge, Mr. Tufnell, Mr. Robarts, Sir Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Navy do lay Naval Thomas Clarke, Sir Edmund Bacon, Lord Galloway, Mr. before this House, An Account of the Value of the Stores, Stores.

Lawson, Mr. Effington, Lord Morpeth, Mr. Heron, Mr. which have been expended for the Service of the royal

Dundafs, Mr. Campbell, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Sir Na- Navy, from Christmas, 17 22, to Christmas iaft; and also,

thanael Curzon, Mr. Finch, Sir Walter Bagot, Mr. Hamil~ an Account of what has been purchased for the fam^ Ule,

ton, Mr. Williams, Mr. Levifon Gower, Mr. Bevan, Mr. within the same Time; distinguishing, what has been

Potenger, Mr. Withers; and all the Members, that serve expended, and purchased, each Year.

for the Counties of Bedford, Hertford, Bucks, Northampton, Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Navy do lay shns and and Warwick: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at before this House, An Account of the Ships; and old old Naval

Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Stores, which have been fold, from Christmas, 1721, to Stores fold.

Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. Christmas last, and for how much they were fold.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, residing in the Parishes of Newport Pagnell, A Petition of the principal and other Inhabitants of the profeemions Moulfoe, Broughton,-Middleton, Keynes, and Wavendonfm Town and County of Poole, was presented to the House, for dealing in the County of Bucks, and also of several Waggoners, and and read; setting forth, that the said Town is very much ^cu^omcti

Stage-coach-men, in behalf of themselves, and others, impoverished, and the Trade lessened, by Prosecutions G°° *'

was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that againift such of the unhappy Inhabitants, as through the Road, leading from Tickford Bridge, in Newport Ignorance, or Inadvertency, either imported, or bought,

aforesaid, to Woburn Com* Bedford, through the said fe- Goods, which had not paid the Duties: And, in regard

veral Parishes, is Part of the great Road, leading from many have innocently offended, by dealing in uncustomed

Chefiitre, Torkfltire, &c. to London, and is become very Goods, not knowing of any Penalty on the Buyer, and

founderous, and dangerous for Persons travelling through they, and their Families, may be ruined by such Profecu-

the fame, by reason of the many heavy Carriages and lions, the Petitioners pray the Consideration of the House,

Cattle passing the said Roads; which cannot be suffici- and such Relief, as the House shall think fit. ently repaired by the Laws now in being: And praying, Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-

that if Le^ve be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the fiderafton of a Committee; and that they do examine Term, formerly granted, for repairing the Road between the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear Woburn Hockliffe, the tame may be extended for repair- to them, to the House.

ing the said Road from Tickford Bridge to Woburn And it is referred to Sir Wm. Tonge, Mr. Trenchard, aforesaid. Sir Wm. Wyndham, Mr. Bond, Mr. Pulteney, Sir Wm,

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con- Carew, Mr. Edgcumbe, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer,

sideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of his Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Sandys, Matter of the Rolls, Mr. Brere-

Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Bedford, ton, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Burrard, Lord Wm. Powlet, Mr.

Vol. 2J. A a Clayton,

94

Clayton, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Keif of Mr. Plumptrt, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Molyneux, Mr. Drew, Mr. Alderman Barnard} Lord Morpeth, Mu EJJjngton, JVIr. Geers, Mr. fVortley, Sir Edward Stanley, Sir Thomas Lowther, Mr.'; Vernon, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Phillips, Mr. /W-

ington, Mr. Hungerford\ Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. C0/77- Mr. Mr. £^r/r, Mr. Cary, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Edwards, Mr. Alderman Child, Mr. Campbell, M r. Munro, Mr. Ptttfda/s, Sir Janies Campbell, Lord Gage, Sir Robert Clifton, Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Andrew, Mr. Griffith; and all th^t serve for the Sea-port Towns; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternpon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Record?.

A*rthen House (according to Order) proceeded in the

£ c ion. the Merit? of the Election and Return

for the Roroogh of Carmarthen.

And the Counsel wpre cailed in.

And the Petitioner's Counsel examined several Witnesses, and went through their Evidence, and summed up tl?e fame.

And then the Counsel were directed to withdraw Ordered, Thar the further hearing the Merits of the EJe&ion and Return for the Borough of Carmarthen, be adjourned till Saturday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read; inemiraging Refblved, That this House will, upon fuefday next, at

SttmenT twelve of the clocl*> resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for en- couraging Seamen, who shall enter voluntarily into his Majesty's Service j and nothing to intervene.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow f Morning, Nine of the Clock.

1727*,

Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Grofutnor, Mr. Town fend, Mr.

Eyres, Mr# Hampden, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Crof, Sir Richard Grosvenor, Mr. New land, Lord Charles Cavendish, Mr.

Tucker 1 And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Oldenburg Amepdments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, *c* War-An Act for naturalizing Adam Oldenburg, and Phillipe Dumouftier.

And the said Amendments were read, and arc as follows; viz*

Press 1. L. 4. Leave out " and."

L. 7. After "France," insert Ciprien Ron*

0 deau, Son of John Rondeau, by Susanna his Wife, born u at St. Queintin, in France; Conrad de Smeth, Son of " John de Smeth, by Margaretha his Wife, born at Hart->

" zigerode, in the Principality of Anhalt, in Germany; and Henry Witters, Son of Henry Witters, by Rebecca his " Wife, born at Hambri, in Germany."

L. 17. Leave out <s and; and, in the same Line, after " Dumouftierinfert M Ciprien Rondeau,

" Conrad de Smeth, and Henry Witters L. 28. Leave put " and."

L. 29. After " Dumouftier ' insert u Ciprien u Rondeau, Conrad de Smeth, and Henry Witters

Pr. % . L. 10. Leave out " and and, in the same Line, after <c Dumouftierinfert " Ciprien.Rondeau, Con-u rad de Smeth, and Henry Witters."

L. 23. Leave out " and ;" and, in the same Line, after u Dumouftier," insert " Ciprien Rondeau, Con*

" rad de Smeth, and Henry Witters."

At the End of the Title add " and others."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Robert Hucks docarrry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

21* — 220

Ftineris> 2 2° die Martii j Anno i° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1727. Prayers.

Milbank A PETITI ON of the principal and other Inhabitants New Church. f\ of Milbank Division, in the Parish of St. Margaret, Westminster, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was. presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that ope of the Fifty new Churches, erected at Milbank aforesaid, is now finished, and made fit for divine Worship, and a District i.s appointed for the new-intended Parish, and enrolled, and aDwelling-house is built for the Minister, that shall be presented to the said new Church; and the Petitioners are willing to provide a competent Maintenance, by a Pound Rate, for such Minister, and his Successors: That the said new Church is very much wanted, for that the greater Number of the Inhabitants of that part of St. Margaret's Parish cannot be supplied with Seats in St.

Margaret's Church: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making the said new Church parochial, and for the Endowment thereof, as the House (Rail think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Cop-Iteration of a Committee; and that they dp examine the Matter thereof, and report the feme, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred tp Mr, Clayton, Mr. Oglethorpe, Mr. Jacomb, Mr. Butler, Sir Charles Turner, Sir Roger Brad-Jhaigh, Mr. Orlebar, Sir Nathaniel Gould, Mr. Scrop> Mr. Herbert, Mr. Kelfal\ Mr. Edwards, Colonel Onslow, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Waller, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Wither, Mr.. Bertie, Mr. Alderman Child, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Phillips, Sir Wm. Wil/ys, Mr. Booth, Mr. Huxley, Mr. Ingram, Sir Nathanael Cur % oi\, Mr. St. John, Lord James Cavendish, Mr. Bacoq, Colonel Bladen, Mr.. Cleveland, Mr. Comptott, Sir Jofin type. Sit Edward Stanley, Mr. Big,

*5

A Petition of the-Churchwardens, Overseers of the Stepney Poor, and the principal Inhabitants, of the Five several NewChurch. Hamlets of Bow, Poplar, Spittle-fields, Wapping (Stepney), and Limehouse, in the Parish of St. Dm ft an Stebunheath, alias Stepney, in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Commissioners for building the Fifty new Churches, have already built Three several new Churches in the said Hamlets ot Spittle fields, Wapping (Stepney), and Limehouse, within the said old Parish, and have thought fit, that the ancient Chapels in the said Hamlets of Bow and Poplar be converted into new Churches, and have appointed Districts for new Parishes to the Chapel of Bow, and the said Three new Churches; which said Chapel of Bow hath been con^ fecrated, and the said other Chapel, and Three new Churches, are ready for Consecration, and fit for divine Service; but there being no Provision, or Maintenance, for Mipifters in the fame, other than the small Tythes,

F.after Offerings, and Garden Penies, which do belong to the Two Ministers, or JPortiopifts, of the said old Church, the Petitioners are as yet destitute of fitting OpportunU ties of frequenting the publick Worship of God: That the small Tythes, Easter Offerings, and Garden Penies (or a yearly Pound Rate in lieu thereof) together with the Surplipe Fees, and the Assistance of the publick Fund, given by Parliament, towards the Maintenance of the Ministers of the Fifty new Churches, may afford due Maintenance to the Ministers of the said Chapels, and new Churches; and one of the said Portions, belonging to the said old Church, being now vacant, the small Tythes, Easter Offerings, and Garden Penies,. arising in the said Five Hamlets of Bow,

Poplar, Spittle fields, Wapping (Stepney), and Limehouse, may be now separated from the said old Church, and appropriated towards the Maintenance of the Ministers of the said Chapels, and new Churches, without '

Injury;

Icnhur^ c. Nat;

I Geo. II. $26 Martii 95

Injury; and the Petitioners being defiroiis, that fitting Ferry, which divides the Isle of Ely from the County of and certain Maintenances should be provided for the said Huntingdon, to Hammond's Eau, and from thence to Sower~ Ministers, they (being discharged of the said frilall Tythes, sham Bridge, at Somersham Town's End, in the said Easier Offerings, and Garden Penies) fubrnit. to pay arid County, without any Amendment: raise amongst themselves, by a yearly Pound Rate; in lieu

thereof, frich reasonable Sums, for the Maintenance of such Ministers, as the House shall think fit: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill fot the Purposes aforesaid, and also for making the said Hamlets* or new Parishes, distinct Parishes, separate from the said old Parish.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Dr. Sayer, Mr. Orlebar, Mr. Digby, Mr. Hucks, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Wither, Mr. Ja-comb, Mr. Bristow, Mr. Clayton, Sir John Rushout, Mr. IViflningtoH, Mr. Brereton, Lord Marquis of Hartington, Sir Thomas Lyttelton, Mr. Geers, Mr. Plummer, Mr. Compton, Sir Tho. Read, Lord fVm. Powlet. Sir Wilfrid Lawson, Mr. Wert ley, Mr. Bacon, Nir.Gybbon, Mr. Serjeant Birch, Mr. Byng, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Mr. Scrope, Mr. Alderman Parsons, Mr. Henley, Mr. Alderman Child, Mr. Effvigton, Sir John Eyles, Mr. St. John, Mr. Kelfdl, Colonel Read, Mr. Tilfon, Mr. Dockminique, Sir Richard Grosvenor, Mr. Bold\ Mr. Grosvenor, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Shephard, Mr. Oglethorpe, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Ha fey. Sir Edward Stanley, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Britiffe, Lord Harvey, Mr. Fortescue, Mr. Bevan, Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Potenger, Sir Geo. Downing, Six James Campbell, Mr. Hungerforcl, Mr. Coppleston, Mr. Leveson Gower, Mr. Edwards, Mr. Serjeant Shephard, Mr. Cornwallis, General Sabine, Mr. Cross, Mr. Conduitt, Mr. Wynn: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Prosecution* A Petition of the principal and other Inhabitants of the for dealing iu Town of Harzvich, was presented to the House, and read; VAcuftonwl setting forth, that several Persons of that Town, and Neighbourhood, lie under Prosecutions, and others are in Prison, for having imported, bought, or carried far themselvesor others. Goods, that had not paid the Duties, of which they were ignorant: And praying the Consideration of the House, and such Relief, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the principal and other Inhabitants of the Town and County of Poole is referred; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Goods.

And also, the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estate of Williath Bromley, Esquire, and Mar\\ his Wife, lying at Sundon, in the County of Bedford, in Trustees; to be sold, pursuant to an Agreement in their Marriage Settlement; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew;

kefolved. That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House; to take into Consideration that Part of his Mar jetty's most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament,.which relates to Greenwich Hospital.

Ordered, That a State Of the yearly Revenue and Expence of Greenwich Hospitafr be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account of the Number of Pensioners, at present lodged and maintained in Greenwich Hospital, what Conveniencies there are for lodging a greater Number, and for how many, together with aa Estimate of what may be the Expence of maintaining any such additional Number, be laid before this House*

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, that he will begraciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers, to lay before this House the said State, and Account.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estate of William Bromley, Esquire, and Mary, his Wife, lying at Sundon, in the County of Bedford, in Trustees, to be sold, pursuant to an Agreement in their Marriage Settlement, was read the First time.

Resolved., That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-eight.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fic again.

Resolved, That this House will, at Half an Hour after Two of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Bromley's

EfUtet

Greenwich

Hospital.

Bromley's

Estate,

Supply Bill; Land Tax.

Andover Ordered, That the Matter of the Petition of Wm. Guidott,

Elc&ion. of Laverjlock, in the County of Southampton, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Andover, in the said County of Southampton, and which was referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, be heard at the Bar of this House.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard it the Bar of this House upon Saturday, the Thirtieth Day of March instant.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the Matter of the said Petition.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ho ford and Mr. John Bennet:

Mr. Speaker,

runishing The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act datiny and for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Desertion. Payment of the Army, and their Quarters, without any Amendment:

Chatteris And also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, ?rry Road. An Act for repairing the Road, leading from Chatteris Vo l. SI.

A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Charles Dalton, ^ovaI Assent Gentleman-usher of the Black Rod: to Biih.

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend his Majesty immediately in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty in the House of Peers:

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, that the House had attended his Majesty in the House of Peers; and that his Majesty had been pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several publick and private Bills following; viz.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters:

An Act for making more effectual an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, intituled, "An Act for repairing the Highways c‘ from Maidenhead Bridge to Sunning Lane End,.next to " Twyford, in the Road to Reading, and from the said M Bridge to Henley Bridge, in the County or Berks:"

An Act for repairing the Road, leading from Chatteris

Ferry,

Supply Bill; Land Tax.

Carmarthen

Election.

Committees.

Lord

Bentincke,i

Estate.

Export of Leather.

Debtors Petition.

y6 22° — 23 0 M172 7.

Ferry, which divides the Isle of Ely from the County of Huntingdon, to Hammond's Eau, and from thence to SomerJ/iam Bridge, at Somersham Town's End* in the said County: ,

An Act to enable Robert Elli/ony Esquire* rind the . Heirs and Ifluc of his Body, to take and use the Surname of Carre, according to the Will of his Uncle, Francis Carrey Esquire, deceased:

An Act for naturalizing Abraham IVefrehiv:

An Act for naturalizing Adam Oldenburgh, Philllpe Dumoujlier, and others.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-eight.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refuined the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, 'When the House will please to receive the same.

Ordere4y That the Report be received upon Wednesday Morning next.

1 1

Ordered, That Mr. Erasmus Phillips, one of the late Sheriffs of the County Borough of Carmarthen, do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 2 30 die Martii;

Anno i* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1727.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Guardians of the Lord George Ben* tineke, Second Son of Henry, late Duke of Portlandy to make Leases of certain Houses, Grounds, and Tenements, in Soho, during the Minority of the said Lord George, for making Provision for his Maintenance, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Cordwainer. % and Curriers, £dV. be-longingto the LeatherTrade in the Borough of Tobies, in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners have for several Years past been great Sufferers in their Trade, by reason of the Exportation of vast Quantities of Leather; which renders it so scarce, that they cannot get sufficient to carry on their Business, and so dear, that it is double the Price it used to be at; which Scarcity, and Dearness, is occasioned by the great Drawback the Exporter is allowed, who engross all they can, by going to, and buying at, the Tanners Yards, contrary to the Act 90 Anna Regina: The Petitioners are also Sufferers by the Butchers cutting and gashing the Hides and Skins, contrary to Law, which obliges them to bring the Skins to a proper Place, to be viewed, and searched, which would prevent that Abuse; but they fell them at their Shops, in Defiance of the Law: And praying, that the' House will take their Grievances into Confederation, and apply such & Remedy, as shall prevent the like for the future.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.,

Gaols of this Kingdom, on Account of the Penalties irt curred, and Duties owing, for clandestine Importations, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners, having, by their Errors, fallen under the Severity of the Law, are, by long Confinement, with their unhappy Families, reduced to the greatest Necessities, and many thousand others, equally guilty with the Petitioners, have absconded and left their Families, to avoid the Terrors of the Petitioners Punishment; which is a Detriment to our Woollen Manufactures, the Fishery, and Trade in general, especially his Majesty's Service, tire greatest Part of them being seafaring Men: And, as the Petitioners are incapable of making any Reparation for their Faults, Extent, and long Imprisonments, having swallowed up what little Substance they had, which many of the Petitioners offered to Composition, they humbly pray the Companion of the House, to release them from the Duties, and several Penalties, incurred by their clan* destine Importations, and their present Confinement, which can have no other Consequence, than the Ruin of themselves, and their innocent Families.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Conduitt reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing the Road from the Powder Mills on HounJIow Heath, in the County of MidJlefexy to a Place called BaJingUotte, near the Town of Bagshot, in the Parish of Windlesham, in the County of Surrey, was committed* that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments threunto, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table; where the said Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Order of the Day, for the further hearing the Merits of the Election and Return for the County Borough of Carmarthen, being read;

And the House being informed, that the Petitioner, James Phillips, Esquire. did desist from prosecuting his Petition, and would give the House no further Trouble;

Resolved, That Arthur Bevany Esquire, is dulyelefted a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Carmarthen.

Resolved, That the Execution of the Writ, for electing a Burgess, to serve in Parliament for the County Borough of Carmarthen, and the making a Return thereof, are in the Two Sheriffs of the said Borough jointly.

The Clerk of the Crown attending with the Return for the said Borough, the Writ and Return were read.

And it appearing to the House, that the said Return was executed by Mr. David Morgan, One of the Sheriffs, without the other Sheriff joining therein; /

And the House being informed, that Mr. Erafmas Phil* lips, who was the other Sheriff at the time of the Election, attended at the Door, according to Order;

Ordered, That Mr. Erasmus Phillipsf One of the late Sheriffs of the County Borough of Carmarthen, be called in, and that he do execute the said Return.

And he, being called in, did, at the Bar, execute the said Return accordingly.

nd then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

A Petition of the Prisoners, confined in his Majesty's Prison at Dorchester, in the County of Dorset, in behalf of themselves, and great Numbers of others in the different

Hounslow

Heath Ro ad.

Carmarthen

Election.

inflow I tnii

ui

'a

i Geo. II.

26°

hurnz, 2 50 die Martii;

Anno i° Georgii II'1 Regis, 1728.

Prayers.

Canterbury X R I L L for erecting a Workhouse in the City of

Workhouse* JlX Canterbury, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor there, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir 'Thomas Hales, Sir Geo. Oxen den, Mr Gybbon, Mr. Tufnell, Mr, Sa?idys, Mr. P he lips, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Vincent, Sir Wm. Hardress, Mr. Papillon, Sir Robert Furnejfc, Mr. Hales, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Conduit t, Mr. Wyndham, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Hampden, Sir Campbell,

Lord Malpas, Lord Mr. Bowes, Colonel RW,

Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Bacon, Colonel Fane, Mr. G/d«- Mr. Whitworth, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir Wilfrid Lazvfon, Mr. Sir Edward Knatchbull, Mr. Pacey,

Mr. Bevan, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Lord Morpeth, Mr. Cornwall, Mr. EJfington, Mr. Munroy Mr. Hacks, Mr. Campbell, Sir Mr. Orlebar, Sir Thomas Lyt-

telton, Sir JoZ/tf Rv.Shout; and all the Members who serve for the County of: Arid they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the-Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Reading,&c.. Mr. Roberts reported from the Committee, to whom Road«. the Petition of the Bailiffs, Burgesses, Gentlemen, and Inhabitants, of the Borough of Chippenham, in the County of Wilts, and others, neighbouring Gentlemen, was referred; that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the feme, as it appeared to them, to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table 5 where the same was read, and is as follows; viz.

That the Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, had examined the Matter of the said Petition:

And, to prove the Allegations thereof,

John Williams was called; who, being examined, said, that the Road, leading from Reading to Newbury, in the County of Berks, is become very ruinous, and dangerous to Travellers passing that Way; and, although the Statute-work has been duly performed, yet the same is not sufficient for repairing the said Road, without the Aid of Parliament.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the more effectual repairing the Highways between the Bear Inn in Reading, and Punt-field\ in the County of Berks, and for amending the Road, leading out of the said Highways to Burghfield Hatch, and from Puntfield aforesaid to Seven Mile Stone, and from thence to Aldermarfion Bridge, in the said County, is committed, that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for amending the Road, leading from Reading to Newbury, in the said County,

Magna, and Comberton Parva, in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that a Bill is depending in the House, for repairingfeveral Roads, leading to and from the Borough of Evefiiam, in the said County: That the Road from the said Town of Parjhore to Bengworth, being about Four Miles, and Part of the Road from the City of Worcester to London, is, by reason of the Deepness of the Soil, in a very ruinous Condition, and almost impassable, and the Inhabitants of the Parishes, in which the said Roads lie, are not able, by the ordinary Course of Law, to repair the fame; but, as the Road from Parjhore, as well as that from Stone Bow Bridge, in the Bill mentioned, unite upon Broadway Hill, One Turnpike may serve both Roads, by carrying them through Bengworth, which will save a double Tax upon the Country: And praying, that the said Bill may be extended, to amend the Road from Parjhore to Bengworth.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Tho. Sebright, Sir Nathanael Ctirzort, Sir Wm. Carew, Mr. Peytoe, Mr. Talbot, Mr* Packer, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Compton, Lord Fane, Mr. Gybbon, Lord Finch, Mr. Effington, Mr. St. John, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Sand vs* Sir Tho. Hales, Mr. Foley, Sir Wilfrid Lawjon, Mr. Law-Jon, Sir Geo. Oxenden, Mr. Rob arts, Sir Robert Sutton, Sir Edward Knatchbull, Mr. Hucks, Mr. Phelips, Mr. Papillon, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Bruan, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Lord Morpeth, Mr. Munro \ and all the Members, that serve for the Counties of Worcester, Gloucester, Warwick, Salop, and Staffordt And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Navy do lay before this House, an Account of how much of the Navy Debt, due at Christmas, 1716, did remain unpaid on the Eighth Day of March, 1727.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, that they do hear the Matter of the Return for the Borough of Milbome Port, in the County of Somerset, next after the hearing the Merits of the Election for the Borough of Minehead‘ in the said County of Somerset.

An fiver to Address.

Eveffiam

JRoadi.

Mr. Treasurer reported to the House, that their Address, of Friday last, that his Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers, to Jay before this House, a State of the yearly Revenue and Expence of Greenwich Hospital, and also an Account of the Number of Pensioners, at present lodged ad maintained there, what Conveniences there are for lodging a greater Number, and for how many, together with an Estimate of what may be the Expence of maintaining such additional Number, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he will give Directions to the proper Officers, for laying the said State, and Account, before this House.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the several Parishes of St. Andrew and Holy Cross, in the Town of Parjhore, in the County of Worcester, on behalf of themselves, and many others, travelling the Roads to and from London, as also of the adjacent Towns, Pari (lies, and Hamlets, of Besford, Wick juxta Parjhore, Pcnsham, Comberton - Vou.21.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 26° die Martii;

Anno i° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1728. Prayers.

AP E T IT I O N of the poor insolvent Debtors,

now lying in the Gaol at Halijax, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that most of them have been Prisoners for above 12 Months past, a rid some of them since the last Ad of Insolvency; and there is no Allowance for their Maintenance in this Gaol ;fothat they are in a starving Condition, who, if at Liberty, might be lerviceable to their Country: And praying, that a Bill may be brought in, for the Relief of insolvent Debtors. Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

B b - Mr.

Nav*y Debt-

Supply.

Ways and Means,

Mil borne Port Election.

Debtors Petition.

p8 1(5° Mart'll. J. 1718.

Rochester to Mr. Finch reported from the Committee, to whom the

Maidstone, Petition of several Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, and kc.Roadsi g^ers, living in, and near, the Town of Maidstone, in the County of Kent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, and a!so the Petition of the Grand Jury of the Assizes, holden at the King's Town and Pari 111 of Maid-stone, in and for the County of Kent, and of the Mayor, Jurats, and Inhabitants, of the said Town, and other neighbouring Gentlemen, whose Names are* thereunto subscribed, were referred; that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions, and haddirested him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as follows; viz.

That the Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, of the 13th of March instant, proceeded to examine the Matters of the said Petitions:

And, to prove the Allegations thereof, the Petitioners called

Mr. Robert Salmon*, who, being examined, said, that he knew very well the Road between St. Margaret's Church, in Rochester, and Maidstone, which leads through several Parishes, and contains above Eight Miles: That the same is in so bad and ruinous Condition, especially in the Winter Season, that it will cod at lead Fifty Pounds a Mile to amend it; and that many Parts thereof are (o narrow, that Coaches and Carriages cannot pass by one another; nor can a Horse pass by a Coach or Carriage in some Places.

That the same Witness, being examined as to the Condition of the Road from Maidstone to Mailing Heath, leading through Barming Woods, laid, That Road is about Two Miles, but so deep and bad, that it is not passable for Coaches and Carriages; and that it will cost near One hundred Pounds a Mile to repair it: And said further, that, if a draight Koid was made, the Road would be nearer by half a Mile.

That Mr. John Reeves, Mr. Wm. Cruttenden, Mr. Joseph Smalwell, and IVManjer, being severally examined, confirmed the Evidence given by Mr. Robert Salmon: And Joseph Smahvell added to his Evidence, that the repairing of the Road between Rochester and Maidstone would cost between £. 60 or^. 70 a Mile.

Mr. Smalwell, being examined as to the Condition of the Road, leading from Maidstone to Wrotham Heath, said, that the same is so bad, that it is almost impafiable; and that the Statute-work is not near sufficient to repair it.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and enlarging the Road, leading from St. Margaret's Church, in Rochester, to Maidstone, and from thence to Mailing Heath, through Barming Woods, in the County of Kent, and that Mr. Finch, Mr. Whitworth, and Mr. Glanville, do prepare, and bring in the fame.

BroirtT€y^s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act ElUte. for veiling the Estate of William Bromley, Esquire, and Mary, his W ife, lying at Sundon, in the County of Bedford, in Trustees, to be sold, pursuant to an Agreement in their Marriage Settlement, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas Lyttelton, Sir John Rushout, Sir John Norris, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Alderman Barnard\ Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir Geo. Saunders, Mr. Pearce, Lord Wm. Powlet, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Effington, Mr. Digby % Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Conduit, Mr. Trelawny, Mr. Cornwallis, Mr. Vernon, Sir Thomas Hales, Sir Edward Knatchbull', Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Brereton, Sir Thomas Sebright, Mr. Munro, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Huxley, Dr. Sayer, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Tufnell, Sir Wilfrid Lawson, Mr. Lawson, Mr. Cox, Sir Tho. Read, Colonel Read, Mr. Molyneux, Mr. Danvers, Lord Gage, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Perry, Mr. Alderman Parsons, Sir Wm. Tonge, Mr. Middleton, Mr. Neale, Mr. Yorke, Mr, Plumer, Sir Richard Grosvenor, Sir Nathanael Gould, Mr. Gibjon, Mr. Pacey, Mr. Cafar, Mr. Cro/s, Lord Mor-lS

peth, Mr. Letts', and all the Members, that serve for the Counties of Bedford, Worcester, and Gloucester: And they, are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do lay before this House, an Account of the foreign Coin, and Bullion, entered for Exportation, from the Sixteenth Day of January, 1717, to the Fifteenth Day of March, 1727, distinguishing each Year, and the Countries for which the said Entries were made.

Ordered, That the Wardens of the Goldsmiths Company do lay before this House, an Account of the Plate, of the Old and New Standard, marked at Goldsmiths Hall, from the Twentieth Day of January, 1717, to the Fifteenth Day of March, 1727.

A Petition1 of the Cordwainers, and Curriers, and others, concerned in the Leather Trade within the Town and Parish of Tiverton, and Parts adjacent, in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners have for several Years past been great Sufferers in their Trade, by reason of the Exportation of vast Quantities of Leather; which renders it so scarce, that they cannot get sufficient to carry on their Business, and so dear, that it is double the Price it used to be at; which Scarcity, and Dearness, is occasioned by the great Drawback the Exporter is allowed, who en-grofsall they can, by going to, and buying at, the Tanners Yards, contrary to the Act 90 Ann<e Regina: The Petitioners are also Sufferers by the Butchers cutting and galhing the Hides and Skins, contrary to Law, which obliges them to bring the Skins to a proper Place, to be viewed, andsearched, which would prevent that Abuse; but they fell them at their Shops, in Defiance of the Law: And praying, that the House will take their Grievances into Consideration, and apply such a Remedy, as shall prevent the like for the future.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table*

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for encouraging Seamen, who shall enter voluntarily into his Majesty's Service.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Strickland took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Strickland reported from the Committee, that they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill j and nothing to intervene.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of the Fellowship of English Merchants, for Discovery of new Trades, commonly called the Russia Company.

And then the House adjourned till To-morro^ Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Coin and Bullion exported.

Piste markrd atGoliifmithi Hali.

Export of Leather.

Encouraging

Volunteer

Seamen.

Russia

Company.

I Geo. II.

27* Martil,

99

CoSoani

Bullion

cxponei.

'te marlts; Soldi siui Hall.

cport of eatk. 1

Mercurii) 2j° die Martii

Anno i° Georgii IIdl Regis, 1728.

PRAYEkS;

THE House being informed, that Mr. Chockey front the Exchequer, attended at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of what Money has been paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer for the Duty on Malt, for the Years 1726 and 1727, distinguishing each Year; and also.

An Account of what Money has been paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer upon the Land Taxes, for the Years 1726 and 1727, distinguUhing each Year; and also,

PublicDebta. An Account of all the public Debts at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, due or (landing out at Christmas, 1727, with the annual Interest, or Sums, paid for the same.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read*

The said Accounts are as follow \ viz.

Malt Duty.

Land Tax.

d.

if

Al

To the honourable tte Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled:

An Account of what Money has been paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer for the Duty on Malt, for the Years 1726 and 1727* distinguishing each Year.

Paid into the Exchequer,

On Malt 1726, to 15th March, £. S.

I7*t - - 636,17$ 4

On Malt 1727,to the same time 61,881 —

' Exchequer. Alexander Chocke.

27th Day of March, 1728.

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled:

An Accxnint of what Motley has been paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer upon the Land Taxes, for the Years 1726 and 1727* distinguishing each Year.

Paid into the Exchequer,

On the Land Tax 1726, to £. d.

15th Match, *72-J- - - gt3,897 13 5

On the Land Tax, 1727, to

the same time - 850,890 ——

~ , Alexander Chocke.

Exchequer,

ajth Day of March, 1728.

s

in»

tr

u

Vol. 31;

To

A. 1728.

joo 27 h Martii.

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of all the public Debts at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, due or (landing out at Christmas, 1727, with the annual intered, or Sums, paid for the same.

Exchequer

Annuities for long Terms, being the Remainder of the annual Sum unsubscribed to the South Sea Company - -

Annuities for Lives, with Benefit of Survivorship, being the original annual Sum -

Annuities payable upon Two and Three Lives, being the annual Sum remaining, afrer deducing what has fallen in by Deaths To the short Annul ties, at £. 9.per Cent per Annum'll she Remainder

Ditto on Lottery Anno 1710 - - -> 0

of the annual Sums unsubscribed to the South Sea Company. ToAnnuities onArmyDebentures, at£.4./>^Cf///.remainingdi(charged Annuities for Nevis and St. Christopher' % Debentures, at £.3. per Cent. whereof there remains in the Exchequer the' Sum of £.30,712. i6j. od. towards discharging this Debt, but cannot be applied to that Purpose, without further Directions of Parliament -Exchequer Bills, made forth on the Victuallers Act Anno 1726, at the rate of £. 3 per Cent, per Annum -pitto on the Surplus of the Duty on Coals since Lady Day, 1719, Anno 1727, at the rate of £. 3. per Cent. per Annum - Ditto for the interest on the old Bills exchanged - -

Loans on the Duty on Coals, at the JRate of £. 4. per Cent. per Annum Note, The Land Taxes, and Duties on Malt, being annual Grants, are not charged on this Account.

East India Company:

By Two Acts of Parliament, 90 IVillielmi Regis, and by Two others,

6° 10° Ann*, at £. 5. perCent....

Bank of England.

On their Original Fund, at £. 6. per Cent. -

For cancelling Exchequer Bills 70 Anna, at £. 4. per Cent.

For cancelling Exchequer Bills 30 Georgii Primi, £. 4. per Cent.

The Sum purchased by them of the South Sea Company, at £. per Cent. To them more, for Charges of Management £. s. d.

of their original Debt - - - 4,000 ----- --- per Annum.

For a proportional Charge of Management of the £. 4,000,000 purchased of the

South Sea Company - - - -1,898 3 5! per Annum.

L 5*898 3 5*

Principal.

Annual interest.

s. d.

South Sea Company:

On their capital Stock, and Annuities, Act 90 Georgii Regis Primi, at £.4. per Cent. - - . -

Memorandum: There was in the last Account £. 280. 8s. 6d. carried to the South Sea Company's Stock, more than in this, the said Sum having been deducted by Warrant, in pursuance of an Act Anno 8° Georgii Primi, for rectifying Mistakes in the Subscription to the said Company.

To them more, for Charges of Manage- £. s. d.

of their original Debt of £. 10,000,000 8,000 ----- per Annum.

For. the Lottery 1710, on the Subscription Anno 1719 - - - - 1,397 9 6 per Annum.

Fora proportional Charge of Management oinheSubscriptions, taken in^ww 1720 10,101 16 61 per Annum

Exchequer,

27th Day of March, 1728.

i-19.499 6 —

218,165 *6 4i

68,534 1 lj

486,600 ——

338,800 ——

2,100 ——

90,000 ——

3.200.000 — —

1.600.000 ——

1,775,027 17 10*

2,000,000 — -

4,000,000 ——

33,802,203 5 6|

£ * d. 131,458 12 8

7>567 ——

17,527 8 9

14,499 15 — 9,836 a. —

8,726 12 7 fc

2,056 — 5

14,598 ——

10,164 ——

3,600 ——

160.000 ——

96.000 ——

71.001 2 3I

80,000 ——

160.000 ——

1,352,088 2 7

47>58i>53* — 11

2,139,122 16 4i

II lll--

Alexander Chocke.

Ordered, That the said Account of what Money has been paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer for the Duty on Malt, and also the said Account of what has been paid into the said Receipt upon the Land Taxes, for the Years 1726 and 1727, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the said Account of all the publick Debts at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, due or (landing out at Christmas 1727, with the annual interest, or Sums paid for the same, be referred to the Committee, appointed the 12th of this Instant March, to draw up a Representation to be made to his Majesty, in relation to

the national Debts, the State of the Sinking Fund, and of the publick Credit.

The said Account of the publick Debts was afterwards withdrawn by Order, of the 5th of April.

The House being informed, that Mr. Oxenford\ from the Commissioners of the Customs attended at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of what Customs are payable on Wines, imported into the Port of London, as alfj what Customs are payable on Wines, imported into the other Ports of Great Britain: and also, >.

An

Customs on Wines.

GoO^lC

Wines.

imported.

i3 Geo. U.

IOI

An Account oftbd Qoantkiesof Wii^s,i

London in Ten Years, from Chri/fmah*-1717* tojC/Jfi#-. V727, distinguishingeach Year; and also.

An Account of the Quantities of Wihes, whichhavte been imported into the Outsorts of that Part of Great Britain called England, for Ten Years, to Chxjfimas last, distinguistting.^ each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. -Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the"Table* to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are bound up with the other ~ Papers of this Session.

The House being informed, that*Mr. Corbett, Sparer

t^ry af fficenwich Hospital, attended; at, the Door, he- Greenwich ;was called in, and, atthp Bar, presented to the House, H°fpnai. pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, t; A Swe of the yearly Revenue and Expence of Greenwich Hospital; and also,

An Account, of the Number of Pensioners, at present lodged and maintained in Greenwich Hospital, what Conveniences there are for lodging a greater number, and for how many, together with an Estimate of what may' be' the Expence of, maintaining any such additional. Number.

Artd^then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said State and Account were read. . A \ *; . *

Th? said State and Account are as follows; viz.

An E S TIM A T E of the yearly Revenue 6f Greenwich Hospital.

The Seamen, voted for his Majesty's Service at Sea in the present Year-1728, are 15,000 Men, and, supposing that Number to be employed, the Six-pences per Menfem, deducted from their Wages, will come to - - - v. -: -

The Number of Seamen, employed in his Majesty's Ships in ordinary, are uncertain, but in time of Peace may be about 1,500 Men; the Six-pences of whose Wages come to -The Six-pences deduced from Seamen in the Merchant Service,-by a Medium of Eight Years past, have yielded to the Hospital ——

The Lights on the N* and S° Forelands do yields communibus Amtis9 about - -

The Rents of sundry Houses and Tenements, belonging to the Hospital, and situated in London and Greenwich, and the Rents for Water, paid by some of the Inhabitants of Greenwich, by the exa&eft Computation may yield, communibus Annie -

The Wages, Groats, and Provisions of the Two Chaplains of the Ordinary of Woolwich and Deptford, who are entertained as Chaplains to the Hospital, and paid a yearly Salary from thence, may yield, communibus Annis9 about . - - - .

Total of the Revenue of the Hospital

£ *. d.

4>»7 5 ——

487 10 —

5.377 6

1,400 ——

270 ——

- 107 ——

- £. 12,517 6 6

Memorandum: In times of Peace the Numbers of Men, usually voted for his Majesty's Service at Sea, have bien 10,000 Men; and then the Revenue of the Hospital will fink in the First Article £. 1,625. '

An ESTIMATE of the yearly Expence of Greenwich Hospital.

The Charge of maintaining the Officers, Pensioners, and Servants, jon the Establishment of the Hospital, by a Medium of Eight Years past, come to ——

The Charge of the ordinary Repairs in and about the Hospital, with the Salaries of the Officers of the Works, amount to, communbus Annis ——

Incident Charges, by a Medium of Seven Years past, amount to - -

12,057 18 6

1,400 ——

470 ——

Greenwich Hospital, 26th March, 1728.

Total of the Expence of the Hospital

Tho. Corbett, Secretary.

L 13*9*7 18 6

ACCOUNT, Shewing the Number of Pensioners at present lodged and maintained in Greenwich Hospital, what Conveniencies there are for lodging a greater Number, and for how many.

Men.

The present Number of Pensioners, lodged and maintained in the royal Hospital at Greenwich, are - - 450

Men.

In the west Dormitory there is room to receive ----- ----- 96

The Charge of putting this Dormitory in Condition to receive the said Men, will come to £. 150.

In the south Dormitory there is room, ready fitted, for the Reception of ----- - 32

In Queen Anne's Court there are Seven Wards, which will contain - - - - -92

But to fit up these Wards with Cabins, Windows, Floors, Ceilings, Stairs, Wash-places, Cisterns, for the Reception of the said Men, will come to, by Estimate, £. 3,500.

If the sick and infirm Men, who at present possess the lower Floor of the south Dormitory, were removed, and the Infirmary built, as is designed, for them, at lbme Distance, there will be room in the said lower Floor of the south Dormitory for - - - . - . - - - 80

But the Expence of building an Infirmary, according to the original Plan, is estimated at £. 15,000.

300

Greenwich Hospital,

26th March, 1728. Tho. Corbett, Secretary.

Cc

An

f®4 vf Martii. A. 17481

ATE bethi yearly Expenceof maintaining Three hundred additional Penfiooers,

' 1 >' *' with One additional Captain, and Three Lieutenants.

_ j£*

The firstCharge of 300 Penltoners, on their Admission into the Hospitd, in Cloaths, Linen,

Bedding, &c.is estimated at - - 2,212 18 —

The yearfy Chatge of 300 Pensionera is computed as follows;

Provisions for joo Men and 18 Nurses, at g\d. per diem each - - 2,659 18 8

£. s,

Allowance of Money, at *2 d.a Man a Week -- - - - - - 780 — —

Additional Allowance to Ten of thdfe Men, under the Changer of Boatswains, at 7 ________

is. 6d. per Week each - ~ - - - y 31

D* to 24 ofthofeMen.under the CharacterofBoatfWains Mates, atW./fl*Week each 10 4 —

----- ----- --1, ----- ----- ----- ----- - 8*i 4 — '

Cloaths, and Body Linen, at £.a. 2 s. 1 d. per Man - - - 631. .5 —

Additional Charge ofdistinguishing the Boarfwains, and their Mates, Cloaths from ! ,

the rest - - - - J 1 " 10

Gowns and Petticoats to the 1 ft Nurses, at £.1. i"]s. 6 d.each - - 33 15 —

----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- - 681 10 —

Bidding - < r r: - - - ' . 43 15 w-

Washing - - - - . 234 7 g

Soap ior the Nurses, 4t 5 d. per Month iq —

----- ----- ----- 258 17 8

Shaving, at. \d. per Man a Week - - - - " - - , . _ 3a 10 —

Firing - - 1 - - - 144 4 —

Lamp? - - - - 40-

f a Pound of Candles a Week to each Nurse, during the Winter Season - - 3 17 —

----- ----- ----- ----- 45 17 —

Table Linen —: - - - 112_-

Sheets, PrUowbiers, Towels, and Hand Cloths - - . - ' . 55198

----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- -- 67 t 8

Small Stores, as Mops, Brooms, Wr. - - - - . _ _ 32168

Wages torhe 18 Nurses, at £.8, each - 144 — - —

Leather Caps, Brass Pails, Pewter Utensils for their Tables, Coal-Buckets, Chamber-pots, Horn")

>Lanterosj and Tin Dult Shovels, for the Nurfos, foouring Sand, Fullers Earth, Packthread, f__________

mending and scouring the Pensioners Cloaths, Needles and Thread for mending their Linen, &c. f may be computed at - - - - _ .)

Medicines and Dispenser? Pjfhwrfwntnts. . - - - - 88 It 4

Funeral Charges - - . _ _ . 15 12 —

:, Total Charge of 300 Pensionersis 5,075 18 —

Annual Expence of an additional Captain, and Three Lieutenants.

To the Captain, for his Table - 21 5 10

Servants Cloiths ----- - ----- - 221

Provisions - - 873

Wages - - , - - - 6 — —

His Allowance of Wood, Coals, Candles, and other Stores - - - - 17 — —

,; 54 15 4

Salaries of Three Lientenants, at~£. rO®- -..... 300 — —

Allowance for their 'fable - - - - 63176

Coals, Candles, and other Stores - * * - - - - 31 — —

----- ----- ----- --- 394 17 6

Ordered, That the said State and Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

..... Mr. Clayton, of Sundoft, reported from the Committee,

NewChurch to whom the Petition of the principal and other Inha-" bitapts of Milbank Division, in the PariQi of St.

Westminster, was referred; that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as follows;

That the Committee, pursuant to the Order of the floufe, bearing date the 2id of March instant, proceeded to examine the Matter of the said Petition: And, to prove the Allegations thereof, Witnesses were called , viz.

John Mackereth; who said, that the Church, erected at Milbank, Westminster, is now finished, and made fit for the Exercise of Divine Worship.

Then the Petitioners produced a Deed Poll, inrolled, d^ted the 8th Day of January, 1724; ^hereunto is a

In all - - £. 5,525 10 3

9 ‘ho.Corbett, Secretary.

Plan annexed of the intended District for the said new Parish.

That a Dwelling-house is built for the Use of such Minister as shall be presented to the said Church.

Mr. Win. Tuffnell, Jokn Backhurst and Thornes -sley, being severally examined, said, that the greater Number of such of the Inhabitants of the Parish of St. Margaret's, as live in the new District, cannot be fop-plied with Seats in the Parish Church.

That it appeared to the Committee, that the Petitioners are willing and desirous to provide a competent Maintenance, by a Pound Rate, for such Ministerj and his Successors, as shall be appointed to officiate in such new Church.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to make Provision for the Re ft or of the new Church, fitoate near Milbank, in the Parish of St. Margaret, Wefimmjkr; and that Mr. Clayton, of Suit den, the Lord Pow-

lett, the Lord Charles Cavendish, Doctor and Mr.

Cross, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Charles Turner (according to Order) reported from Supply I

the hand'*

Greenwich

Hospital.

8*pply.

Ways and Means.

Whelans

Estate.

Greenwich

Hospital.

Gold, Ire. coined.

Hounslow

HetiMf*;

Road,

i Geo. II. i

10,3

tta Committee of House, to.whfom the Bill

for granting aft Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be tailed in Great Britain, for the Service of the Yeai Gnfc tfroufend SfcVert hundred and Ttocnty-eight, waa committed, the Amendments the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered the' Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the said Amendments were read once throughout; and several of them, being readJ a Second time, wiere, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with some Amendments to one of then!* agreed unto by;the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned tlM Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Rejbtved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House* to take into Consideration that Part of his Majesty s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, which relates to Greenwich Hospital.'

Refoive d\ That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 28° d Martit j Anno if Georgii II*1 Regis, 17*8. Prayers.

AM ESS A G E from the Lords, by Mr. Light boun and Mr. Masham:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill* intituled, An Act for vesting the Manor of Shirfield, and divers Lands 4nd Hereditaments, in the County of Southampton, the Estate of Granville Wkeler, Esquire, in Trustees, dif-Charged of the Uses in a former Settlement, he having settled an Estate in the County of Kent to the' same Uses* in lieu thereof j to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital do lay before this House, An Account of how much hds been received of the Six thousand Pounds per Annum, given by Parliament out of the Duty on Coals towards building the said Hospital, and how much of the same is at present in his Hands.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do certify to this House, what is due to Workmen, or others, on account of the Building, or Repairs, of Greenwich Hospital.

Ordered, That the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital do lay before this House, An Account, br Estimate, of what remains in Cash, and Credit, on the Revenue of the said Hospital.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, An Account, or Estimate, of what H due for the Expence on the Establishment of Greenwich Hospital.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, An Account of the Gold and Silver, that has been coined at his Majesty's Mint, from the Twentieth Day of November, 1717, to the Fifteenth Day of March,

1727, distinguishing each Year.-

An ingrossed Bill for repairing the Road from the Powder Mills on Hounslow Heath, ki the County of Mid-Vox. SI.

<Hefex, to a Place called Bafngstone, near the Town of Bagshot, in the Parish of Windlesham, in the County of Surrey, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be.

An Act for repairing the Road from the Powder Mills on Hounslow Heath, in the County of Middlesex, to a Place, called Baflngstone, near the Town of Bagshot, in the Parish of Windlesham, in the County of Surrey.

Ordered, That Mr. Conduitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Debtors in Winton Gaol, in the Debtors County of Southampton, and likewise the Debtors in the Petition. City and Bishop's Prison, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners are very numerous, apd poor, and most of them unable to make any Satisfaction to their Creditors, and are really perishing for Want* and those, that have any thing, are willing to give up their All to their Creditors: And praying the House to take their inexpressible Miseries into Con-Gderation* and give Leave to bring in a Bill for their Relief and Enlargement.

Grimed, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The House (according to Order) resumed the further s^PPfr Consideration of the Report of the Bill for granting an ai Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-eight.

And the Residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the Bill* were severally read a Second time, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for exempting their Royal Highnesses the Princesses, and their Annuities, Officers, and Servants, from Taxes.

And the said Clause was twice read, with a Blank \ which was filled up.

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingfoffed.

Sir Thomas Sebright reported from the Committee, to Evesham whom the Petition of the Inhabitants of the several Pa- Road, ri flies of St. Andrew and Holy Cross in the Town of Par-shore, in the County of Wor.cefier, on behalf of them- '

selves, and many others, travelling the Roads to and from London, as also of the adjacent Towns, Parishes, and Hamlets, of Bexford, Wick juxta Parjhore, Comber-ton Magna, and Comberton Parva, in the said County, \ was referred; that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House:

And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, a«d is as follows j viz.

That the Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and found, by the Testimony of

Mr. Thomas Ashfield, and Mr. Henry Chappell, that the Road from the Town of Parjhore to Bengworth, about Four Miles in Length, and Part of the Road/Jeading from the City of Worcester to London, is become so very deep and ruinous, that it is dangerous for Passengers.

And the same Witnesses said, that, although the Statute-work has been constantly done by the Parishioners of the Parish, through which the Road leads, yet the same has not been sufficient to repair that Road:

That this Road, as also the Road from Stone Bow Bridge, unite upon Broadivay Hill; and, if Provison was made by the Bill now depending, for repairing the several Roads, leading to and from Evesham, to amend the Road between Parjhore and Bengworth, the same might be repaired by One Turnpike, without any further Expence to Passengers,

Ordered*

104

18 — 2 9® Martii. 1728.

Ordered, That it be an Induction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and amending several Roads, leading to and from the Borough of Evtjliam, in the County of Worcester, is committed, that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for amending the Road leading from Parjhore to Bengworth, in the said County.

‘ 1 aimond's A Petition of Thomas Hammond\ late of London, Mer-. cbfro chant, in behalf ol himielr, and Samuel Woodlaw and the Ciwn. fjerry ijVondin, his Sureties, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that the Petitioner was a considerable Trader in Wines, Tobacco, and other Goods, for 20 Years, and has paid the Crown, for Customs, above £. 100,000, but by great Losses he was disabled from paying about ^.6,987. 8j. 9d. for Customs; upon which an Extent iiiued against the Petitioner in 1711, and he made a full Discovery of all his Estate and Effects, which were found by Inquisition: That Extents issued against all the Petitioner's Securities, whose Effects were seized, and who are dead infol vent, except Samuel Wood* lazy, who absconded, and Henry Woodin, who is in Prison: That, towards satisfying the said Debt, the Petitioner assigned over to her Majesty Queen Anne, in 1711, several Sums, amounting to £.2,890 due to him on account of the Ship Worcester \ and there hath fmee been paid out of the Petitioner's Effects, 3,320; he also assigned over One Half Part of the Ship Thomas and Elizabeth, and her Freight, homeward bound from Virginia,

which cod him above £. 3,520, whereby his original Debt would h ive been paid off, with an Overplus of £. 2,742, had not the Ship Thomas and Elizabeth been loft: That the Petitioner, and the said Samuel Woodlaw, and Henry Woodin, oxto\\ insolvent; but their Relations are willing to raise £. ioo for each of them, in case they-may be difr charged from the said Debt: And praying"that L»ea\ie may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Commissioners of the Treasury to compound the said Debt with the Petitioner, and his Sureties.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, that the Petitioner's same having been humbly represented to his Majesty, his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that his Majesty gives his Consent, that this House may do in this Cafe, as they think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself int') a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

Privilege. The House being informed, that Robert Raikes, Printer at Gloucester, and J. Wilson, Bookseller at Bristol, attended at the Door, according to Order; Robert Raikes was called in to the Bar; where he owned the printing of the Pamphlet complained of; and said, he had the Intelligence therein mentioned, which relates to the Proceedings of this House, from Edward Cave, of the Post Office, London and that J. IVilfan had no Concern in the printing thereof.

And then he withdrew.

Resolved, That Robert Raikes, Printer at Gloucester, having printed the Proceedings of this House, in Contempt of their Order, is guilty of a Breach of the Privilege of this House.

Ordered, That the said Robert Raikes be, for his said Breach of Privilege, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That the said J. Wilson be discharged from his furthe r Attendance upon this House.

Ordered, That Edward Cave, of the Post Office, London, do attend this House upon Saturday Morning next.

Dumbarton, The House proceeded (according to Order) to the

*c. EUaion. hearing the Merits of the Return for the District of Boroughs of Dumbarton, G/afgow, Rut her glen, and Renfrew.

And the Counsel were called in.

And the Petition of Daniel Campbell, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said District of Boroughs, and also the Petition of James Dun-canfon, common Clerk of the Borough of Dumbartonr complaining of the said Return, were read; and the Counsel were heard.

And the Fifth Section of an Act, of the Sixth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for rendering the Union of the Two Kingdoms u more entire and complete," was read.

And several Witnesses wereexamined on the Petitioners Part; and an Indenture of Return of Daniel Campbell, of Shawfield\ Esquire, which was executed by the said Jamas Duncanfon, znA by him tendered to the Sheriff Depute of the Shire of Dumbarton, was delivered in, and read.

And the Sitting Member's Counsel examined several Witnesses.

And an Act, made in the Twentieth Parliament of King James the Sixth of Scotland, the Twenty-fourth of June, 1609, c. 8, relating to Magistrates within Bur-rowes, was read.

And the Charter of the Borough of Dumbarton, and divers Entries in the Common-council Books of the said Borough, and several Instruments, produced on both Sides, were also read.

And the Evidence being given as to the Merits of the Rttum, and the Counsel further heard; and the Coun-fcl, and Witnesses, being withdrawn;

A Motion being made, and the Question being put. That James Duncanfon was, at the Time of the Election of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the District of Burghs of Dumbarton, Rutherglen, Glasgow, and Renfrew, the legal common Clerk of Dumbarton, the then presiding Burgh of the said District, and the proper Officer, from whom the Sheriff of the Shire of Dumbarton or his Deputy, ought to have received the Return of the Name of the Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said District of Burghs;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Te.lmfo,h.Y}..$

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Clerk of the Crown attending (according to Order) with the Return for the said District of Burghs;

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do take off from the File the Indenture of Return, signed by David Hutckifon, the same not being signed by the common Clerk of Dumbarton, the presiding Burgh of the said District of Burghs.

And he took the same off from the File accordingly.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do annex to the Writ the Indenture of Return, signed by the said James Duncanfon, the common Clerk of Dumbarton, the presiding Burgh of the said District of Burghs.

And he annexed the same to the Writ accordingly.

Ordered, That John Blackwood, Esquire, be at Liberty to petition this House, touching the Election for the District of Burghs of Dumbarton, Rutherglen, Glasgow, and Renfrew, within Fourteen Days next, if he thinks fit.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 290 die Martii;

Anno i* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1728.

Praters.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr. Masham:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Limitation rendering Part of the Act, for Limitations of Actions, and of Action‘-‘7 for

Sheldon's

Estate.

dealing*

Estate*

Lord

Bcntiacke's

Estate.

Debtors

Petition.

Profecntioas

against

Smugglers.

Stepney new Churches.

i Geo. IL 29°

for avoiding Suits in Law, more effectual; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

And also, the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of Francis Sheldon, Esquire, a Lunatick, for discharging the Debts and Incumbrances affecting the fame; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

And also, the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Guardians of Anna Elizabetha Beating, an Infant, about Four Years old, appointed by this Act, to grant building Leases of her Fourth Part and Share of and in certain Messuages, Ground, and Hereditaments, in r near the Parish of St. Andrewt Holborn, in the County of Middlesex yto which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Guardians of the Lord George Bentinckey Second Son of Henry, late Duke of Portlandy to make Leases of certain Houses, Grounds, and Tenements, in Soho, during the Minority of the said Lord George\ for making Provision for his Maintenance, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second time.

Resolvcdy That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Turnery Lord Palmerftone, Mr. Scrope, Sir James Long, Dr. Sayer, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Effington, Mr. Moor, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Papillon, Sir Roger Meredith, Matter of the Rolls, Mr. Claytony Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Plummer, Sir Tho. Clarke, Mr. Paw let, Sir John Norris, Mr. Middleton, Mr. Ccpp/eston, Colonel Onslow, Mr. Trenchard, Sir Edward Knatchbull, Lord Wm. Powlett, Mr. Hampden, Mr Bacon, Mr. Pacey, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Potengei*, Mr. Turner\ Mr. Phillips, Mr. Molyneux, Mr. Lawson. Mr. Yorke, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Corker, Mr. Polhill, Mr. Picydell, Sir John Monjon, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Lewis, Sir Richard Ellis, Sir Conyers D Arcy, Mr. Robinson, Colonel Vane, Mr. Cary, Lord Montrath, Sir Wm. IVillys, Mr. St. John, Sir John Shaw: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the poor insolvent Debtors, confined in the Prison of Fiji.erton-anger, in the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read $ setting forth, that they are so much the more miserable, by how much the less they are indebted to their Creditors, the greater Laws freeing Bankrupts, whilst the poor Prisoners have no Hopes of Liberty, but by the Goodness of Parliament, though they are willing to deliver up their All towards Satisfaction of their Creditors: And praying, that the House will give them such Relief, as shall be thought proper, for their Enlargement.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of many Gentlemen, Clergymen, and Freeholders of the County of Dorset, in behalf of themselves, and many Thousand others. Inhabitants of the said County, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of great Sufferings upon Account of Prosecutions against those, formerly concerned with Smugglers.

And the said Petition was, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Doctor Sayer reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and the principal Inhabitants, of the Five several Hamlets of Bow, Poplar, Spittlefields, Wapping (Stepney) and Lime-house, in the Parish of St. Dwtftan, Stebunheath, alias Stepney, in the County of Middlesex, was referred; that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk#s Table; where the same was read, and is as follows; viz.

Vol, 21.

rttu 105

That the Committee, pursu&nt to the Order of the House, bearing Date the 22d of March instant, proceeded to examine the Matter of the said Petition.

And, to make good the Allegations therein, relating to the new Churches of Bow, Poplar, Spittlefields (Wap-ping) Stepney, and Limehouse, and the Provisions, desired for the Ministers thereof, the Petitioners called the several Witnesses following; viz.

Mr. Ben)a. Mackey, Mr. Joseph Bushell, Mr. John Hughes, Mr. Wm. Hoar, and Mr. Samuel Cooper: Who, being severally examined, said, that the Inhabitants of the several Hamlets, above-mentioned, are destitute of all Opportunity of performing divine Service, the Parish Church of Stepney being not toear sufficient to hold the Inhabitants of the said Parish:

And that Three new Churches are built by the Commissioners for building Fifty new Churches, in the Hamlets of Spittlefields, Wapping (Stepney) and Limehouse \ and one ancient Chapel in the Hamlet of Bow is converted by them into a new Church, and one other, in the Hamlet of Poplar, ready to be converted:

That the said Churches are ready for Consecration, and to have divine Service celebrated therein; and particular Districts are appointed, in order to make Bow, Spittlefields, Wapping (Stepney) and Limehouse, separate and dif tinet Parishes: And Four several Deeds roll, under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners, inrolled in Chancery, were produced to the Committee, as also a Plan for the intended Division or Parish of Poplar:

That there is no Provision for the Ministers of the said several Churches; but that the small Ty thes, Easter Offer-. ings, and Garden Penies, of one Portion of the Church of Stepney, being now vacant, by the Death of one of the Portionifts of the said Church, may be disposed or applied, without Injury to any one Person whatsoever:

That the Petitioners, and Inhabitants of the said several Hamlets, have, at their respective Meetings, unanimously agreed, and are desirous, that a certain and competent Maintenance may be provided, by a Pound Rate, for the Ministers, and their Successors, who shall be appointed to officiate in the said several Churches, provided, that they, the said Inhabitants, be exempted and discharged from the Payment of small Tythes, Easter Offerings, and Garden Penies, within their several and respective Districts and Parishes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for uniting the Moieties or Portions, of the Reftoryof St.

Dunstan, Stepney, alias Stebunheath, and for making one Rest or full Incumbent of the said Rectory, and for converting the Chapel at Poplar into a Parish Church, and appointing a District for a new Parish for the fame, and for the Maintenance of the Ministers offivenew Churches, at Stratford (Bow) Poplar, Spittlefields, Wapping (SteprtOy) and Limehouse, and for retraining the Churchwardens of the said Five new Churches from disposing of the Pews/ and Places in Pews, without the Consent of the Vestry, and for making the Parish Clerks of Spittlefields, Wapping (Stepney) and Limehouse, Members of the Corporation or Company of Parish Clerks; and that Doctor Sayer, Mr.

Clayton, of Sundon, Mr. Lawson, Mr. Drummond, and Mr. Alderman Child, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Robert Jones, Esquire, Son of Edward, Kennedy'* late Lord Bishop of St. Asaph, by Elizabeth, his Wife, Estate* Daughter of Sir Richard Kennedy, Knight and Baronet, one of the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Ireland, deceased, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that in January, 1726, the Petitioner obtained a Grant of the Custodium of the Estate of his Uncle, Sir William Kennedy, as forfeited to the Crown by Outlawry against him, in 169J, for High Treason in the Irish Rebellion of 1688 , which Estate was limited to him by a Settlement, made by his Grandfather, Sir Richard Kennedy, in 1679: That by the said Custodium there was re-servedto the Crown Three-fourth Parts of the said Estate,

D d and

0

WMcr'i

Estate.

Bealing'j

Estate.

Supply Bill; Sale of Annuities.

Crowe's

Estate.

Brown's

Estate.

106

290 — -30° Martii.

and One-fourth of the Arrears of Rent was granted to the Petitioner, as a Reward for his Discovery: That Sir William Dudley, and his Wife, and the Lady Frederick Howard, her Mother, have for Sixteen Years together concealed the said Forfeitures, kept Possession, and received the Rents, and have cut down, and fold, great Quantities of Timber, without any Account to the Crown, whose Title they have contested with the Petitioner, to his very great Expence; i'o that, as yet he hath only recovered £. 720.per Annum, £. 300. a Year, lying in a different County, being shall in Possession of the said Sir William Dudley, for which the Petitioner is now prosecuting at Law: That, on the Petition of the said Sir William, and his Lady, a Bill is brought into this House, for Sale of the said forfeited Estate; the Allegations of which Petition are not true, the Petitioner and others, claiming a Title thereto, under the Settlement of the said Sir Richard Kennedy, and the Will of his Grandson, Sir William Ken-nedy\ which will be destroyed, if a Bill should pass, for giving Sir Wm. Dudley the Preference in purdiafing the said Estate: And praying, that he may be beard by his Coonfel against the said Bill; and that, if such a Bill should pais, Provision may be made therein, for rewarding the Petitioner's said Discovery, and reimbursing his Expences in behalf of the Crown.

Ordered, That the said Petition do tie upon the Table, until the Bill for Sale of the Estate of Sir Richard Kennedy, Baronet, deceased, in the Kingdom of Ireland, forfeited during the Life of Sir William Kennedy, his Grea't Uncle, be read a Second time; and that the Petitioner be then heard by his Counsel against the said Bill, if he thinks fit

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Manor of Shirfield, and divers Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Southampton, the Estate of Granville Wheler, Esquire, in Trustees, discharged of the Uses in a former Settlement, he having settled an Estate in the County of Kent to the same Uses, in lieu thereof, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A, 1728.

the Lords desire the

Seamen.

County of Lancaster\ to which Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Encouraging Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Volunteer the Bill for encouraging Seamen, who shall enter voluntarily into his Majesty's Service.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Strickland took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Strickland reported from the Committee, that they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Supply.

Ways and Means.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Guardians of Anna Elizabetha Beating, an Infant, about Four Years old, appointed by this Act, to grant Building Leases of her Fourth Part and Share of and in certain Messuages, Ground, and Hereditaments, in or near the Parish of St. Andrew, Holborn, in the County of Middlesex, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Charles Turner presented to the House (according to Order) a Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England, to be charged on the Duties on Coals and Culm, granted by an Act of the Ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and (ince made perpetual; and for further applying the Produce of the Sinking Fund towards the Redemption of sundry Annuities, payable to the South Sea Company, and Bank of England: And the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Lighthoun, and Mr. Masham:

Mr* Speaker,

The Lords have patted a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Christopher Crowe, of Woodjord Hall, in the County

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 30° die Martii\

Anno l* Georgii lldl Regis, 1728.

PLAYERS.

f)RD ERED, That the Serjeant at Arms, attending Privilege. this House, do bring Robert Raikes, in his Custody, to attend this House immediately.

Mr. Potenger reported from the Committee, to whom Reading, the Bill for the more effectual repairing the Highways &c. Roads, between the Rear Inn in Reading, and Puntfield, in the County of Berks, and for amending the Road, leading out of the said Highways to Burghfield Hatch, and from Puntfield aforesaid to Seven Mile Stone, and from thence to Aldermarfton Bridge in the said County, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

A Petition of several Inhabitants of Broadway, Wick- Evclham, hamjord, Badjey, Offenham, Hinton, Cr opt horn. Great *c- Road*. Hampton, and other Parishes, adjacent to the Borough of Evesham, in the County of Worcester, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that there is a Bill depending in the House, for repairing and amending the several Roads leading to and from the Borough of Eve-

of Essex, Esquire, to fell, or otherwise dispose of, the /ham, in the County of Wore eft er; which Roads are very

Mansion-house called Woodjord Hall, and all other his Lands and Hereditaments at Woodjord, comprised in his Settlement thereof, he having settled other Lands and Hereditaments in the County of York, of greater Value, to the same Uses, in lieu thereof; to Which the Lords ctefire the Concurrence of this House:

And also, the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, an Act to enable Thomas Brown, Gentleman, to grant Building Leases of his Estate1 in the Town of Manthcjltr in (he 20

bad, and the amending thereof will not only be of great Benefit to the neighbouring Towns, but of all Persons travelling those Roads: And praying, that the said Bill may pass.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and amending the several Roads leading to and from the Borough of Evesham, in the County of Worcester, is committed.

A Petition

£ve(ham,&c.

Roads*

Ditto.

Ditto.

Davie's E Rates.

Brown's Eli ate.

Crowe's

Estate.

i Geo. II. 30° Ma 107

A Petition of other Inhabitants of the aforesaid Places, and other Parishes and Places adjacent to the said Borough, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that there is a Bill in the House, for obtaining a Turnpike, for repairing the feverah Roads from Stone Bow Bridge to a Place called No-man's Ground, on the Top of Broad Way Hill, being the great Road to London from Evesham aforesaid; which Roads are in a very bad Condition, anti the amending thereof will be a great Benefit to all Persons travelling through the fame: And praying, that the said Bill may pass.

Ordered, That -the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and amending the several Roads leading to and from the Borough of Evesham, in the County of Worcester, is committed.

A Petition of several Inhabitants of Winchcombe, So-merviles, Aston, and other Parishes adjacent to the said Borough, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that there is a Bill in the House, for obtaining a Turnpike, for repairing the several Roads from Stone Bow Bridge to a Place called No-marls Ground, on the Top of Broadway Hilly being the great Road to London from Evesham aforesaid; which Roads are in a very bad Condition, and the amending thereof will be a great Benefit to all Persons travelling through the fame: And praying, that the said Bill may pass.

Ordercdy That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and amending the several Roads leading to and from the Borough of Evesham, in the County of Worcester, is committed.

A Petition of other Inhabitants of the Places aforesaid, and of other Parishes and Places adjacent to the said Borough, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that there is a Bill depending in the House, for repairing and amending the several Roads leading to and from the Borough of Evesham, in the County of Worcester', which Roads are very bad, and the amending thereof will not only be of great Benefit to the neighbouring Towns, but of ail Persons travelling those Roads: And praying, that the said Bill may pass.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and amending the several Roads leading to and from the Borough of Evesham, in the County of Worcester, is committed.

Mr. Copleston reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming the Partitions of the Estates, late of Sir William Davie, Baronet, deceased, among his Co-heirs, and for settling their Shares thereof, in Severalty, to the same Uses, to which their several undivided Parts thereof flood limited before the Partition, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Thomas Brown, Gentleman, to grant Building Leases of his Estate in the Town of Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Christopher Crowe, of Woodford Hall, in the County of Essex, Esquire, to fell, or otherwise dispose of, the Mansion-house, called Woodford Hall, and all other his Lands and Hereditaments at Woodford, comprised in his Settlement thereof, he having settled other Lands and Hereditaments in the County of York, of greater Value, to the same Uses, in lieu thereof, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Vol. 21.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Sheldon's for Sale of Part of the Estate of Francis Sheldon, Esquire, a Lunatick, for discharging the Debts and Incumbrances affecting the fame, was read the First time.

' Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Tradesmen, Coalfley, acc. and other Inhabitants, living in and near the Market Town Road‘ of Dudley, in the County of Worcester, was presented to the House and read; setting forth, that by an Act, 13*

Georgii Imi, for repairing the several Roads leading from Birmingham, through the Town of Wednesbury, to a Place called High Bullen, and to Great Bridge, and from thence to the End of Gibbet Lane, adjoining to Bilson, and from Great Bridge, through Dudley, to Kinfwinford, and to the further End of Brittle Lane, in the Counties of Warwick, Stafford, and Worcester, the Trustees, therein named, have caused several Turnpikes to be erected in the said Road leading from Great Bridge to Dudley, and also in the Road, leading from Dudley towards Oldbury and Birmingham, which turns out of the Road, leading from Great Bridge to Dudley, about half a Mile from Dudley:

That the Petitioners, and all Persons travelling from Dudley to Great Bridge, Birmingham, or Oldbury, have, ever since the 15th of May iaft, paid Toll at the said Gates, to their very great Expence, and Prejudice; for that the Trustees have not caused any thing to be done to repair those Roads, though the same are very ruinous, and dangerous to Passengers, and are great Roads: That the House having given Leave to bring in a Bill to impower the said Trustees, to put the said Act in Execution, to repair the Road from Great Bridge to Coaljley, in the County of Stafford, which Road is only a private Road, leading into the said Road from Birmingham to Woolverhampton; and, if such a Bill should pass, it will be a great Burthen and Prejudice to the Petitioners; they therefore pray, that they may be heard by their Counsel against the said Bill, before the same do pass the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon, the Table, until the Bill for empowering the Trustees, appointed to put in Execution Part of an Act, passed in the 13th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads leading from Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, to and from the several Places in the said Act mentioned, to repair the Road from Great Bridge, in the County of Stafford to Coaljley, in the said County, be read a Second time; and that the Petitioners be then heard by their Counsel against the said Bill, if they think fit.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders Tradesmen, Ditto, and other Inhabitants, living in, and pear, the several Towns of Wednesbury, Darlajton, and Willenball, in the County of Stafford, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that by an Act, passed 130 Georgii I®1, for repairing the several Roads leading from Birmingham, through Wednesbury, to High Bullin, and to Great Bridge, and from thence to the End of Gibbet Lane, adjoining to Bilson, and from Great Bridge, through Dudley, to Kings-winford, and to the further End of Brittle Lane, in the Counties of Warwick, Stafford, and Worcester, the Trustees, in the said Act named, have caused Turnpikes to be erected in the Road, leading from Birmingham to Wednesbury, and from Birmingham to Woolverhampton, where the Petitioners, and all Persons travelling those Roads, have paid Toll, ever since the 15th of May last, to their great Expence; and yet almost all the said Roads remain unpayable for Waggons and Carts in the Winter Season: That the Petitioners are informed, the House has given Leave to bring in a Bill to impower the Trustees, named in the said Act, to repair the Road from Great Bridge aforesaid to Coaljley,

Com9 Stafford, which is only a private Field-way, and, in case such a Bill should pass, it will be a great Burthen and Prejudice to the Petitioners, and be a Means to hinder the repairing of the Roads leading from Birmingham to W°.dnesbury, and to Great Bridge and Woolverhampton:

And praying, that they may be heard by their Counsel against the said Bill, before it pass into a Law.

Ordered,

io8 30°

Ordered, That the said Petition do lieupon the Table, until the Bill for impowering the Trustees, appointed to

?ul in Execution Part of an Act, passed in the 13th ear of the Reign of his Jate Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads leading from Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, to and from the several Places in the said Act mentioned, to repair the Road from Great Bridge, in the County of Stafford, to Coaljley, in the said County, be read a Second time; and that the Petitioners be then heard by their Counsel against the said Bill, if they think fit.

Coaffley. &c. A Petition of several of the Trustees, named in an Road. Act of Parliament, passed in the 13th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Road leading from Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, to and from the several Places in the said Act mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that by the said Act the Petitioners, with tlivers others, were appointed Trustees, for putting the same in Execution; and several Turnpikes have been erected in the Road-way leading from Birmingham to V/oolverhampton, and from Great Bridge to Dudley; and great Sums have been taken up at Interest, and raised, and expended, in paying the Charges of obtaining the said Act, arfd in erecting Gates and Houses in the Roads, and repairing Part thereof; which yet are so very great, and ruinous, that Waggons and Carts cannot pass the fame, and are also hazardous for Saddle Horses: That the Money, collected for Tolls, will not be sufficient to repair the said Roads for many Years to come: That the Petitioners are informed, the House hath given Leave to bring in a Bill to impower the said Trustees to repair the Road from Great Bridge to Coaljley, in Staffordjliire, which is only a private Way, leading from the great Road to Coaljley, which is a small Village in the Parish of Sedgley; and if such a Bill should pass, it will be a great Prejudice to the Petitioners, and hinder repairing the other great Roads: And praying, that they may be heard by their Counsel against the said Bill, before the same do pass.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for impowering the Trustees, appointed to put in Execution Part of an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads leading from Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, to and from the several Places in the said Act mentioned, to repair the Road from Great Bridge, in the County of Stafford, to Coaljley, in the said County, be read a Second time; and that the Petitioners be then heard by their Counsel against the said Bril, if they think fit.

Ordered, Th.-.t Counsel be admitted to be heard for the said Bill, at the same time.

Dumbarton, A Petition of John Blackwood, Esquire, was presented &c.Election. to the House, and read; setting forth, that, in order to the late Election of a Burgess, to serve in Parliament for the District of the Burghs of Dumbarton, Glasgozv, Ren-frezv, and Rutherglen, James Redie was elected Commissioner for Glasgow, Colen Campbell for Renfrew, David Pinkerton for Rutherglen; and there was a double Election for Dumbarton, of David Colquhon and Geo. Smallet: That the said Election was on the 9th Day of September last; and the Commissioners from Glasgow, Rutherglen, and David Colquhon from Dumbarton, appeared at the Town-house of Dumbarton, which was the proper Place of Election, and demanded Admittance; but the said George Smallet, having the Night before placed a Guard of armed Men in the Town-house, and having another Guard of the Town Officers, and others, along with him, thought fit to post himself, with a Halbert in his Hand, at the Door, and taking upon himself to judge, who were lawful Delegates, refilled to admit any, but whom he thought fit, and in particular the said David Colquhon, and likewise refused Entrance to David Hutchinson, who appeared with a Commission to be Common Clerk to the Town of Dumbarton; whereupon the Commissioners for

Marl'd. d- 1728.

Glasgow and Rutherglen insisted, that every Person, pretending to have a Commission to be Delegate, or Common Clerk, should be admitted, that their Right might be determined; which the said Smallet absolutely refused, saying, himself was the legal Delegate for Dumbarton, without so much as (hewingany Commissionl for that Purpose; against which Proceedings the Commissioners for Glasgow, Rutherglen, and the said David Colquhon, protested, and declared, they came there to have given their Votes for the Petitioner; and, giving publik Notice to all then present, withdrew to the nearest convenient House, and chose the Petitioner, and made use of the said David Hutchinson, as Clerk to the Meeting; and the Commissioner from Renfrew refused to concur with Smallet, as apprehending his Proceedings to be arbitrary; but the said George Smallet alone has taken upon him to name Daniel Campbell,

Esquire, to be Member for the said District, and James Duncanfon,2iS Common Clerk of Dumbarton, hath returned him, as duly elected, in Prejudice of the Petitioner: And praying the Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

The House being informed, that EdzvarJCave, of the pfirstege. Post Office, London, attended at the Door (according to Order) he was called in, and examined at the Bar touching his fending to Robert Raikes, Printer at Gloucester, the Intelligences relating to the Proceedings of this House, mentioned in the printed Pamphlet, complained of the Fourteenth Day of March Instant.

And the said Robert Raikes was also called in, and examined.

And the said Edward Cave owning, that he had sent to Robert Raikes several written News Letters, which did contain Intelligences, relating to the Proceedings of this House; and he delivering in other written News Letters, which, he said, he received from William Wye, John Stanley, John Willys, and Elias Delpeuch, containing also Intelligences, relating to the Proceedings of this House; '

And the said Edward Cave and Robert Raikes being withdrawn;

The Journal, of the Twenty-third of January, 1721, wras read.

Resolved, That Edward Cave, having presumed to disperse written News Letters, containing Accounts of the Proceedings of this House, is guilty of a Breach of the Privilege of this House.

Ordered, That the said Edward Cave be, for his said Breach of Privilege, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That William Wye do attend this House upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That John Stanly do attend this House upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That John Willys do attend this House upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That Elias Delpeuch do attend this House upon Tuesday Morning next.

The House proceeded (according to Order) to the Andorer hearing the Merits of the Election for the Borough of tleftion. Andover, in the County of Southampton.

And the Counsel were called in.

And the Petition of Wm. Guidott, of Laverflock, in the said County, Esquire, was read; and the Counsel were heard.

And the Act of Parliament, y° Gulielmi Tertii Regis, c. 4. for preventing Charge and Expence in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, and the Journal of the House, the Thirty-first Day of January last, were read.

And Come Entries in one of the Corporation Books of Andover were also read.

And the Evidence on both Sides being given; and the Counfei, and Witnesses, being withdrawn;

Mr.

Hammond's Debt to the Crown,

Greenwich

Hospital.

i Geo. II. 3°° Martii. — 1° Aprilis. 109

Mr, Collyear was heard in his Place: And then he withdrew.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the honourable Charles Collyear, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to fierve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Andover, in the County of Southampton;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas, } l67-

Tellers for the Noes, ] 70.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative,

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, at Eleven of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of Thomas Hammond, late of London, Merchant, in behalf of himself, and Samuel Woodlaw, and Henry Woodin1 his Sureties.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Lunee, i° die Aprilis;

Anno ie Georgii IIdi Regis, 1728.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That the Serjeant at Arms, attending Privilege. this House, do bring Edward Cave, in his Custody, to attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

The House being informed, that the Deputy Trea- Greenwich surer of Greenwich Hospital attended at the Door, he Hof^iial. was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of how much has been received of the Six thousand Pounds per Annum, given by Parliament out of the Duty on Coals, towards building the said Hospital, and how much of the same is at present in the Treasurer's Hands; and also,

An Estimate of what remains in Caffi, and Credit, on the Revenue of Greenwich Hospital.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Account, and Estimate, were read.

The laid Account, and Estimate, are as follows; viz.

To the honourable the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled:

An ACCOUNT, of how much has been received of the Six thousand Pounds per Annum, given by Parliament out of the Duty on Coals, towards building Greenwich Hospital, and how much of the same is at present remaining in the Treasurer's Hands; viz.

Received by Galfridus Walpole, Esquire, late Treasurer -Received by Philip Cavendish, Esquire -

Remaining of the said Moneys in the Treasurer's Hands, on Account of the Building - 308 3 34

Greenwich Hospital, — nr- — wmsssm*

ift April, 1728. Phil. Cavendish.

Greenwich Hospital, f An ACCOUNT of Cash, now remaining in the Hands of the Treasurer, with an Estimate 1 ft April, 1728. \ of the Credit on the Revenue of the said Hospital, arising from the following Heads; viz.

Sum.

£- s- £- s. d.

16,000 ----- ---> 50,173 19 Sr

- 34,173 19 5t> ——

To Cash remaining in the Treasurer's Hands arising from the Revenue on £. s. d. £. s. d. the Houffield ----- ----- --- - 5,478 13 9*

To the Estimate of Seamens Six-pences in his Majesty's Ships, now em- 1- —

ployed at Sea, about - - - -11,114 — —

To the Six-pences of Seamen, serving on board his Majesty's Ships in the Ordi* naries ——

To the Six-pences of Seamen, employed in the Merchants Service To the Rents of Light-houses in the North and South Forelands To the Rents of Houses, &c. belonging to the Hospital -To the Chaplains Wages, and Groats, from the Ordinary of Deptford and Woolwich Yards -

Memorandum: — There is also due to Greenwich Hospital, from the Effects of the honourable Richard Hampden, Esquire, £. 4,448. Phil. Cavendish.

500 ——

980 ----- ---} 13,14° ——

35o ——

136 ——

60 ——

Ordered, That the said Account, and Estimate, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House being informed, that Mr. Bell, Steward of Greenwich Hospital, attended at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of what was due the Thirty-first: of March, 17 28, upon the Establishment of Greenwich Hospital, so far as concerned the Houffield*

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as follows; viz.

An Account of what was due the 31 ft Marc h, 1728, upon the Establishment of Greenwich Hospital, so far as concerned the Houffield; viz. £+ s. d.

For Salaries of Officers and Servants, Cloaths} and vi&ualJing of the Pensioners, and> 5,753 3 6 all Incidents relating thereto - -)

W. Bell, Steward, ill April 1728. Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Tabic, to be perused by the Members of the House. Vol. 21.

The House being informed, that Mr. James, Clerk of the Works of Greenwich Hospital, attended at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Estimate of what is due to Workmen, or others, on account of the Building, or Repairs, of Greenwich Hospital, to the Thirty-first of March, 1728.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read;

The said Estimate is as follows; viz.

To the honourable the House of Commons of Great Britain, assembled in Parliament:

An Estimate of what is due to Workmen, or others, on account of the Building, or Repairs, of Greenwich Hospital, to the 3 ift March> 1728. £. s. d.

On account of the Building - - 2,947 16

On account of Repairs, and Incidents,)

constantly accruing to the House f

In toto - - - £. 3,663 2 10

Greenwich Hospital, — ‘

I ft April, 1728. John James,

Clerk of the Works.

E e Ordered,

Greenwich

Hospital.

no

i° Apritis. 1728.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Reading, . The House proceeded (according to Order) to take *c. Roads. into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the more effectual repairing the Highways between the Bear Inn in Reading and Puntfield, in the County of Berks, and for amending the Road, leading out o^ the said Highways to Burchfield Hatch, and from Puntfield aforesaid to Seven Mile Stone, and from thence to Aldermarfion Bridge, in the same County, was committed.

And the Report was read.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to some of them, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Wendover A Petition of the Persons, whose Names are theretmto Election, subscribed, Constables, and Burgesses, of the Borough of Wendover, in the County of Bucks, on behalf of themselves, and many other Burgesses, having a Right to vote in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the proper Officers, to make the Return of Members, to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, are the Constables, annually chosen at the Manor Court, held before the Steward of the Lord of the Manor of Wendover for the Time being: That the Lord of the said Manor, in 1726, was Richard Hampden, Esquire, and his Steward was Francis Sheldon, Gentleman; but by an Act of Parliament, parted the last Session of King George the First, the said Richard Hampden became diverted of all his real Estates, with the said Manor of Wendover, which are verted in the Trustees, mentioned in the said Act; and at a Manor Court, held before the said Mr. Sheldon, in October, 1726, Jonathan Fofter, and William Christmas, were chosen Constables of the said Borough, and acted as such, in returning the Lord Limerick, and Mr. Hampden, as Members for this present Parliament; and their Time expiring on the 25th of October last, at a Court then held, John Ginger, junior, and Wm. Trott, were elected Constables, and had the Staffs delivered them, and acted, and ought to act, as Constables for the whole Year ensuing: That Mr. Hampden, being elected Knight of the Shire for the County of Bucks, as well as a Burgess, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Wendover, did, on the 13th of March last, make his Election, to serve for the said County of Bucks; and thereupon a new Writ issued, for electing a Burgess for Wendover, which ought to have been returned by the said John Ginger and Wm. Trott; but John Hamilton, Esquire, intending to set himfe'lf up as a Candidate for the said Borough at the new Election, caused another Court of the said Manor to be held, in an illegal Manner, within Fourteen Days after the said former Court, before John Geary, Gentleman, as Steward to Mr. Hampden, and procured Thomas Penning, and Wm. North, junior, to be chosen Constables: That on the 131h of March last the said Mr. Hamilton, by Bribery,-and other corrupt Practices, procured himself to be elected a Member, to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, and is returned as such by the said Benning and North, who refused several of the Petitioners Votes 2 And praying, that the Election and Return of the said John Hamilton, Esquire, may be declared void.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Davies's An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estates. for confirming the Partitions of the Estates, late of Sir Wm Davie, Baronet, deceased, among his Co-heirs, and for settling their Shares thereof, in Severalty, to the same Uses, to which their several undivided Parts thereof

flood limited before the Partition, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Copelfton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Compton reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Bedford, met at their General Quarter Sessions of the Peace* holden at Bedford for the said County, the Fourth Day of October, 1727, and the Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, redding near the Parishes of Newport Pag-nell, Moulfoe, Broughton, Middleton, Keynes, and Waven don, in the County of Bucks, and also of several Waggoners, and Stage-coach-men, in behalf of themselves, and others, were referred; that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerks Table; where the same was read, and is as follows; viz.

That the Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, bearing Date the 21st of March last, proceeded to examine the Matter of the First Petition: And, to make good the Allegations of the lame.

The Act of Parliament, mentioned in the said Petition, passed in the 5 th Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for repairing the Highways between Hockliffe and Woburn, in the County of Bedford, was produced, and Part thereof read; whereby it appeared, that the Toll, by the said Act granted, was made payable for the Term of 21 Years, from the 24th Day of June, 1707; but the Tolls and Profits, arising in the two last Years of that Term, are, by the said Act, directed to be paid to the Lord of the Manor of Battles-don, and the same have been paid to him accordingly, ever since the 24th of June, 1726.

Then a Witness was called, to prove the Condition of the said Highways between Hockliffe and Woburn \ viz.

Mr. Jof. Willoughby: Who, being examined, said, that, although the Money collected by the Tolls, hath been applied, and accounted for, as the Act directs, yet several Parts of the Highways are ftiil very much out of Repair; and that they cannot, by the ordinary Course of the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, be effectually amended, without some further Provision be made, for ra-ifing Money to be applied for that Purpose, Materials fit for repairing the Roads being at a great Distance from the same.

Then the Committee proceeded to examine the Matter of the Second Petition:

And, to prove the Allegations thereof, several Witnesses were called; viz.

John Ingram, John Gregory, John Holmes, John Cxcjfi, and Wm. Wotton: Who, being severally examined, said, that the Road, leading from Woburn to Bickford Bridge, leading through the several Parishes of Wavendon, Middleton Keynes, Broughton, Moulfoe, and Newport Pagnell, in the County of Bucks, is become very bad, and dangerous to Passengers; and also said, that the Inhabitants of the several Parirties have constantly. done their Statute-work in the said Road.

And the same Persons gave Evidence, that, if the Inhabitants of the several Parishes, through which the said Road leads, were to do and pay much more, than they are obliged to do andraifeby Law, the same would not be sufficient effectually to repair the Road, so as to make it commodious for Passengers.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more effectual amending the Highway between Hockliffe and Woburn, in the County of Bedford, and for repairing the Road, leading through Woburn to Tickford Bridge, in Newport Pagnell\ in the County of Bucks; and that Mr. Compton and Mr. Wrigbie do prepare, and brine in, the fame.

A Petition

Hockliffe

Roads.

Ill

Export of Leather.

Hammond's Debt to the Crown.

Encouraging

Volunteer

Seamen.

Greenwich

Hospital.

Supply.

i Geo. II. i° — 20

A Petition of the Cordwainers, and Traders in Leather, inhabiting in the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners, for several Years last past, have been great Sufferers in their Trades, by reason of the great Scarcity, and Dearnefe, of Leather; so that Merchants, who used to export, yearly, above One hundred Dozen of Shoes, do now hardly export any at all, telling the Petitioners that Goods, made in foreign Parts, of our own Leather, are fold cheaper there, than those made here, to the Impoverishment of the Petitioners; the chief Occasion of which they conceive to be, the great Encouragement given to the Exportation of Leather, by Drawbacks allowed to the Exporters, who buy up the same at the Tanners Yard, before the same is duly tanned, and dryed; whereby the Markets are forestalled, and the Petitioners are forced to give the Tanners what Price they please for their Leather: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of Thomas Hammond, late of London, Merchant, in behalf of himself, and Samuel Woodlaw and Henry Woo din, his Sureties.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Vincent took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Vincent reported from the Committee, that they had considered the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to move the House, that a Bill may be brought in, to enable the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer, for the Time being, to compound with Thomas Hammond, late of London, Merchant, and his Sureties, a Debt, due to the Crown, for Customs on Tobacco and Wines.

And Mr. Vincent moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, to enable the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or the Lord High Trea-furer, for the Time being, to compound with Thomas Hammond, late of London, Merchant, and his Sureties, a Debt, due to the Crown, for Customs on Tobacco and Wines; and that Mr. Vincent, Sir Roger Meredith, Mr. Polhill, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Barnard, and Mr. Perry, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for encouraging Seamen, who shall enter voluntarily into his Majesty's Service.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Strickland took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Strickland reported from the Committee, that they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow* a* Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into aCommittee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The other Orders of the Day being read

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration that Part of his Majesty's most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, which relates to Greenwich Hospital.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolvq itself into a Committee or the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That Sir William Tonge have Leave to make a Motion, it being past Four of the Clock.

Vo l. 21.

Aprilis.

And he moved the House accordingly;

Ordered, That the Committee, appointed to draw up a Representation to be made to his Majesty, in relation to the national Debts, the State of the Sinking Fund, and of the publick Credit, be impowered to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Mr. Clayton have Leave to make a Motion, it being past Four of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly;

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account of what annual Sum was payable, at the Exchequer for Annuities, for Two or Three Lives, of which the Reversions have not been fold, as the same flood on the Twenty-fifth of December, One thousand Seven hundred and Sixteen.

Ordered, That Mr. Jacomb have Leave to make a Motion, it being past Four of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly;

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account of what principal Sums, charged on the several general Mortgages, in the Sixth, Seventh, and Eighth, Years of the Reign of the late Queen Anne, were undischarged on the Twenty-fifth of December, One thousand Seven hundred and Sixteen, and have sincebeen paid off.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Hales have Leave to make a Motion, it being past Four of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for erecting a Workhouse in the City of Canterbury, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor there, is committed, that they have Power to receive aClause, for the enlightening the Streets in the said City, and the Liberties and Precincts thereof.

Arid then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 2° die Aprilis;

Anno i* Georgii IId Regis, 1728. Prayers.

MR. Speaker acquainted the House, that Mr. Aifkew, the Clerk's Assistant, is at present disabled, by the Gout, to attend the Service of the House; and that the Clerk desires, Mr. William Hester (who before assisted him in Mr. Aifkew's former Indisposition) may again assisthim.

Ordered, That Mr. William Hester do attend, to assist the Clerk of this House, during the present Indisposition of Mr. Aifkew, a^also on Occasion of any future Indisposition, which he may have.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Thrufton and Mr. Masham:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to settle a Jointureon Susanna, Countess of Shaftesbury, Wife of Anthony, Earl of Shaftesbury, in lieu and bar of her Dower, or Thirds, at the common Law; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed, that Mr. Chocke, from the Exchequer, attended at the Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of what annual Sum was payable, at the Exchequer, for Annuities on Two or Three Lives, of which the Reversions have not been fold, as the same flood on the Twenty-fifth of December, 1716; and also,

An

National

Debt.

Exchequer

Annuities.

Public

Mortgages.

Canterbury

Workhouse.

Clerk's

Aifillant,

Counted of Shaftesbury's Jointure.

Exchequer

Annuities.

112

2° Aprilis. 1728.

Public An Account of what principal Sum?, charged on the Mortgages, several general Mortgages, in the Sixth, Seventh, and Eighth, Years of the Reign of the late Queen Anne, were undischarged on the Twenty-fifth of December, 1716, and have since been paid off And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as follows; viz.

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled:

An Account of what annual Sum was payable, at the Exchequer, for Annuities on Two and Three Lives, of which the Reversions have not been fold, as the same flood on the 25th of December, 1716.

£ d.

The annual Sum payable at the Exchequer,

as above-mentioned, was the Sum of - 20,971 8 9 Exchequer, 2d Day of April, 1728. Alexander Chocke.

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled:

An Account of what principal Sums, charged on the several general Mortgages, in the Sixth, Seventh, and Eighth, Years of the Reign of the late Queen Anne, were undischarged on the 25th of December, 1716, and have since been paid off.

The principal Sum, charged on the general Mortgage in the Sixth Year of the late Queen, has been all paid off before Christmas, 1716.....Nil.

The principal Sum, charged on the general Mortgage in the Seventh Year of the late Queen, has been all paid off before Christmas, 1716 - - - - Nil.

The principal Sum, charged on the general Mortgage, in the Eighth Year of the late Queen, that remained undischarged on the 25th of December, 1716, and fmCe been paid off, amounted to the Sum of* £.269,575. 95.

Exchequer, 2d Day q{ April, 1728. Alexander Chocke.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Debtors A Petition of the poor insolvent Debtors in the Gaol Petition, of St. Edmunds Bury, in the County of Suffolk, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners are so poor, that they are not able to satisfy their Creditors, and have no Prospect of being discharged out of Prison, and the Parishes, to which their poor Families belong, be eased of their Burthen, but by an Act of Parliament for their Enlargement, whereby they may become serviceable to their Country: And praying the House to take their miserable same into Consideration, and relieve them, as shall be thought meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

E f A Petition of the Cordwainers, Curriers, and others Leather, belonging to the Leather Trade, within the Borough of Truro, anti County t)f Cornwall, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners have, for several Years pa ft, been great Sufferers in their Trade, by reason of the Exportation of vast quantities of Leather; which renders itfo scarce, that they cannot get sufficient to carry on their Business, and so dear, that it is double the Price it is used to be at; which Scarcity, and Dear-ness, is occasioned by the great Drawback the Exporter is allowed, who engross all they can, by going to, and buying at, the Tanners Yard, contrary to the Act 90 Anna Regina: The Petitioners are also Sufferers by the Butchers cutting and galhing the Hides and Skins, contrary to Law, which obliges them to bring the Skins to a proper Place, to be viewed, and searched, which would prevent that Abuse; but they fell them at their Shops, in Defiance of the Law: And praying, that the House will 20

take their Grievances into Consideration, and apply such Remedy, as shall prevent the like for the future.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Cordwainers, and Curriers, of the Bo- Export of rough of Clifton Dartmouth Hardness, in the County of leather. Devon, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that, for several Years last part, the Petitioners have been great Sufferers in their Trades by the Scarcity of Leather, occasioned by the Exportation thereof, and the Drawback thereon, whereby Leather is advanced to more than double the Price it was formerly sold at; so that the Petitioners cannot be sufficiently supplied at their neighbouring Markets, the Exporters going into the Tanners Yards, and engrossing the Leather there: That, until a few Years last, no Leather was exported from Dartmouth, but such, as was wrought up into Boots and Shoes; which was a great Encouragement to the Petitioners Trades:

The Petitioners also are great Sufferers by the Butchers galhing and cutting the Hides and Skins, which they rc- (

fuse to bring into the Market, to be viewed by the proper

Officer, as the Law directs: And praying such Relief in \

the Premises, as the House shall think proper. J

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Beating'i to enable the Guardians of Anna Elizabetha Sealing, an Estate.

Infant, about Four Years old, appointed by this Act, to grant Building Leases of her Fourth Part and Share of and in certain Messuages, Ground, and Hereditaments, in, or near, the Parish of St. Andrew, Holborn, in the County of Middlesex, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Bacon, Sir John Cope, Mr. Middleton, Mr. Alderman Child, Mr. Burchct, Mr. Bertie, Sir Tho. Clarke,

Sir John Norris, Mr. Townsend, Mr. Neale, Mr. Vaughan,

Mr. Pacey, Sir John Coiyton, Sir Tho. Littclton, Mr.

Finch, Sir Tho. Hales, Mr. Campbell, Lord IVm. Powlct,

Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Cafar, Mr. Bofcawen, Sir Edward Knatch bull, Mr. Lifer, Sir Wm. Strickland, Dr.

Sayer, Lord Morpeth, Mr. Hungerfor.d, Mr. Earle? Mr,

Alderman Barnard, Mr. Huxley, Mr. Tufnell, Mr. Myddelton, Sir Nicholas Williams, Mr. Glanville, Sir Rowland Alfon, Mr. Annejley, Mr. Packer, Mr. JeJJop, Mr. Worthy, Mr. Collyear, Mr. Whitworth, Sir James Campbell,

Mr. Dockminique, Sir Robert Furnefe, Mr. Furnefe, Sir John Shaw, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Drew, Mr. Gregory, Mr.

Fane, Colonel Campbell, Mr. Hucks, Lord Limei'ick, Mr.

Jacomb: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossfed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Whder'i for veiling the Manor of Shirfield, and divers Lands and Estate-Hereditaments, in the County of Southampton, the Estate of Granville Wheler, Esquire, in Trustees, discharged of the Uses in a former Settlement, he having settled an Estate in the County of Kent to the same Uses, in lieu thereof, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Roger Meredith, Mr. P owlet. Lord Vane, Mr. Polk ill, Sir Robert Furnefe, Mr. Fox, Mr. Jacomb, Sir John Aftley, Mr.

Wither, Mr. Gifford, Sir Wm. Strickland, Sir Tho. Hales,

Mr. Bowes, Mr. Papillon, Mr. EJJington, Mr. Perry, Mr.

Alderman Barnard, Mr. Vernon, Sir John Rufhout,

Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Cafar, Sir Charles Turner, Mr.

Townsend, Mr. Cross, Sir Gilbert Heathcote, Mr. Pacey,

Mr. Nightingale, Mr. Hedworth, Mr. Jennfon, Mr. Hope,

Mr. Ramsden; and all the Members that, serve for the Counties of Southampton and Kent: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Doctor Sayer presented to the House (according 10 Stepney icvr Order) a Bill for uniting the Moieties, or Portions, of Churchei. the Rectory of St. Dunstan, Stepney, alias Stebunheath, and for making oneReftor full Incumbent of the said Rectory,

and

0

span of ‘-^ther.

tc.

i Geo. It

1.13

and for converting the Chapel at Poplar into a Parish Church, and appointing a District: for a new Parish for the same; and for the Maintenance of the Ministers of Five new Churches at Stratford (Bow) Poplar, Spittle-fields, Wrapping, (Stepney) and Limehouse; and for rest raining the Churchwardens of the said- Five new Churches from disposing of the Pews, and Places in Pews, without the Consent of the Vestry; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Rochdter to Mr. Finch presented to the House (according to Order) Maidstone, a gju for repairing and enlarging the Road leading from c' 08 St. Margaret's Church, in Rochester, to Maidstone, and from thence to Mailing Heath, through Barming Woods, in the County of Kent: And the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Commis- A Petition of Charles Townsend] in behalf of George lioners of f ownfend, Mountague Bacon, John Atwood, and John

I>*bt to the Burton, late Commissioners for licensing Hawkers, Ped-Crown. lars, and petty Chapmen, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners were appointed Commissioners for the said Revenue, and found the Receipt of the said Revenue was intruded with a Cashier; in which Manner they thought fit to continue it, taking a Security of^.6,000. from their Cashier: That afterwards Mr. Thomas Tomkins, the Cashier of the said Office, unknown to the Commissioners, did make use of, and embezzle, the publick Money, deceiving the Commissioners with the Pretence of hav;ng paid the same into the Exchequer, from time to time, as by Law required; but, when the general Calamity happened, their said Cashier, withdrew himself beyond the Sea, greatly indebted to his Majesty, and took* with him most of the Books and Papers of Accounts belonging to the said Office; whereby the said Commissioners stand charged in the Exchequer with a great Sum of Money, although none of it ever came to their Hands; That Extents, &nd other Prosecutions, have been issued out against the said Commissioners, by reason whereof they have been obliged to go beyond Sea, and are now in a miserable Condition (their Estates being seized) having nothing to support themselves, but the Charity of their Friends and Relations: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Lords of the Treasury to compound with the said Commissioners for their Debt due to the Crown, or that they may have such other Relief as the House shall think fit.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, that the Circumstances of this same having been humbly laid before his Majesty, his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that his Majesty gives his Consent, that this House may do therein as they think fit.

The (landing Order of the House, of the Twenty-fifth of March, 1715, and the Certificates annexed to the said Petition, and also the Journal of the Seventh of March, 1726, were read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-" night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

Ordered, That Sir Wm. Yonge have Leave to make a Motion, it being pad Two of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly.

National Ordered, That the Account of what annual Sum was I?ebt. payable at the Exchequer for Annuities on Two or Three Lives, of which the Reversions have not been fold, as the same flood on the Twenty-fifth of December, One thousand Seven hundred and Sixteen, be referred to the Committee, appointed to draw up a Representation, to be made to his Majesty, in relation to the national Debts, the State of the Sinking Fund, and of the publick Credit. Vol.£L

Ordered, That Sir William Strickland have Leave to make a Motion, it being pad Two of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That the Account of what principal Sums, National charged on the several general Mortgages in the Sixth,

Seventh, and Eighth Years of the Reign of the late Quceri Anne, were undischarged on the Twenty-fifth of December, 17.16, and have since been paid off, be referred tbthe Committee, appointed to draw up a Representation to be made to his Majesty, in relation to the national Debts*, the State of the Sinking Fund, and of the publick Credit,

The Order, for the House to resolve itself into a Com- Encouraging mittee of the whole House, ,to consider further of the Volunteer Bill for encouraging Seamen, who shall enter voluntarily Scawea. into his Majesty's Service* being read;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas, W)ffn J s8.

Tellers for the Noes, } 9*

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for encouraging Seamen, who shall enter voluntarily into his Majesty's Service.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That William Wye do attend this Hobfe To- Privilege, morrow Morning.

Ordered, That John Stanley do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That John Willys do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Elias Delpeuck do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, do bring Edward Cave, in his Custody, to attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Thurston and Mr. Masham:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Cherrington appointing Commissioners to make a Division of certain Inclosure. Common Fields, Lands, and Wastes, in the Parish of Cherrington, in the County of Gloucester, among the Proprietors, in order to inclose the fame; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 30 die Apr His;

Anno i° Georgii IP1 Regis, 1728.

Prayers.

THE House being informed, that John Afgill, Bramber Esquire, now a Prisoner in the Custody of the Elcaion. Marshal of the King's Bench Prison, is a material Witness to be examined, touching the Matter of the Petition of James Hofie, junior, Esquire, complaining of an undue Electionand Return for the Borough of Bramber, in the County of Sussex, appointed to be heard at the Bar of this House Tomorrow Morning;

Ordered, That the said Mr. dfgill be brought to the Bar of this House Tomorrow Morning; and that Mr.

Speaker do i(Tuc his Warrants to the Marshal of the said F f Prison,

Cotfutefs of Shaftcflmry's Join cure.

Export of Leather*

Crowe's

Eiiaie.

Brown's

Estate.

114

Prifea, and to the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, accordingly.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to settle a Jointure on Susanna, Countels of Shaflejbuty, Wife of Anthony, Earl of Shaftesbury, in lieu and Bar of her Dower, or Thirds, at the Common Law, was read' the Firfi: time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Cordwainers, and Traders in Leather, inhabiting in and about the Borough of Fowey, in the County of Cornwall', was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that, for several Years last pall, the Petitioners have been great Sufferers in their Trades, by the-Scarcity of Leather, occasioned by the Exportation thereof, and the Drawback thereon, whereby Leather is adyajlCQd to more than double the Price it was formerly sold at; let that the Petitioners cannot be fuflicie.itly supplied at their neighbouring Markers, the Exporters going into the Tanners Yards, and engrossing the Leather there: Thjjt, Imtii a few Years last, no Leather was exported from Dartmouth, but such as. was wrought up into Boots and Shoes, which was a great Encouragement to the Petitioners Trades: The Petitioners also are great Sufferers by the Butchers galhing and cutting the Hides and Skins, which they refule to bring into the Market, to be viewed by the proper O/Scer, as the Law directs: And praying such Relief in the Premises, as the House shall chink proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie. upon the Table.

5° Apri

J. 172&

Kingdom of Ireland, was presented to the House, and Incumbrance read; praying such Belief, as the House shall think fir, in relation to a Sum of One thousand Three hundred and-Forty Pounds, paid by Charles, late Lord Bishop of MCloyne, in Part of the Purchase-money for the Lands of Donoghmore, sold by the late Trustees for the forfeited Estates in Ireland\ which Lands were afterwards restored.

the See of Cloyne by an Act of the Third Year of the Reign of the late Queen Anne, and Provision was made in the said Act for Repayment of the said One thousand Three hundred and Forty Pounds out of the Produce of the said forfeited Estates; but such Provision has proved ineffectual, and the said Lands thereby remain in the Possession of the Executrix of the iaid late Bishop of

Cloyne, until Repayment of the said One thousand Three hundred and Forty Pounds, with Interest.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the,

House, that this same had been humbly represented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that his Majesty gives his Con-lent, that this House *iay do therein as they; think rit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill* according to4tl)e Prayer of the said Petition.; and that Mr. Doddingtoy, the Lord Viscount Fitz William, and the Lord Limerick, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Fulham ami Putney Bridge.

An ingrossed Bill from I he Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Christopher Crowe, of Woodford Hall, in the County of Essex, Esquire, to fell, or otherwise dispose of, the Manflon house, called Woodford Hall, and all other his Lands and Hereditaments at Woodford, comprised in his Settlement thereof, he having set tied other Lands and Hereditaments in the County of York, of greater Value, to the same Uses, in lieu thereof, was read a Second time.

Refilled, That the Bill be committed to Lord Gage, Mr. Serjean t Birch, Si r Roger Bradjl/aigh, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Medjycot, Mr. Earl, Mr. Cary, Mr. Monro, Lord; James Cavendish, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Hacks, Mr. Latvfim.4: Sir Edward Knatchbull, Sir Wm. Willys, Mr. CriJ'pe, Sir % h. Lowther, Mr. Bacon, Sir'Wilfrid Laivfon, Sir Wm. Youge, Sir Roger Meredith, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Corn^ wall, Mr. Pacey, Mr. New laud, Mr. Shippeti, Mr. Bowes, Lord Limrick, Mr. Plumptre, Lord Galloway, Lord 7}r-connel, Lord Wm. Beauclerk, Mr. Leveson Gower, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Mr. Gascoigne, Mr. Corker, Mr. Tuf-ton, Mr. Fuller, Dr. Bayer, Mr. Effington, Mr. Sandys, Sir Tho. Hales, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Paiv/etand all the Members that serve for the Counties of Essex and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Thomas Brown, Gentleman, to grant Building Erafes of his Estate in the Town of Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Wilson, Six Edmund Bacon, Mr Phillips, Mr Crtfpe, Mr. Law] on. Sir WiIfrid Law-[on, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Master, Sir Thomas Lowther, Sir Wm. Willys, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Cholmondley, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Griffith, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Vincent, Lord Wm. Poivlet, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Mr. Bond, Mr. Pacey^ Mr Townsend, Mr. Martin, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Bold, Mr. Jacornb, Mr. Cafar, Mr. Oglethorpe Mr. Pottenger, Mr. Hucks, Lord Gage, S:r Wm. Yonge, Sir Robert Clifton, Mr. Cornwall, Lord Limerick, Mr. Pa-pi lion, Mr. Bertie.-, and all the Members that serve for the County of Lancaster: And they are to mtet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

A Petition of Henry, Lord Bishop of Cloyne, in the

A Petition of the Commissioners and Trustees, appointed by an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twelfth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, lor building a Bridge cross the River of Thames, from the Town of Fulham, in the County of Middlesex, to the Town of Putney, in the County of Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth the Progress they have made towards building the said Bridge; and that they are not enabled by the said Act to raise Money sufficient for the said Work:

And praying the Consideration of the House, and such,

Relief, by explaining and amending the said Act, as

may enable them to build a Bridge, and to repair and v

maintain the fame.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committy *, and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinioa thereupon, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Vincent, Mr. Burchett, Mr.

Gybbon, Master of the Rolls, Mr. Price, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Sandys, Lord Malpas, Mr. Scrope, Mr. Tilfon,

Mr. Hughes, Sir Wm. Yotige, Mr. Pul/eney, Lord Wm.

Poivlet, Mr. Earle, Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Dockminique, Mr.

Gascoign, Mr. Selvyn, Mr. Scawen, Sir Geo. Oxenckn, Mr.

Finch, Mr. Fane, Lord Morpeth, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Effing-ton, Mr. St. John, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Cary, Mr. Clayton, Mr.

Onslow, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Compton, Mr. Medlycot, Mr.

Townsend, Mr. New/and, Mr. Nelthorpe, Lord Palmer-ston, Mr. Hucks, Mr. Robarts, Mr. Vernon, Mr, Moly-neux, Lord James Cavendish, Dr. Sayer, Mr. Cholmondeley, Sir James Campbell, Sir John Rvjhout, Mr. Oglethorpe, Mr. Lewen, Mr. Qrlebar, Mr. Pacey, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir Nathanael Gould, Mr. Alderman Child, Sir John Monfin, Mr. Ash,

Mr. Cross, Mr. Whitworth', and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Surrey, Sussex, Kent, and Middlesex: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers* and Records.

A Petition of the Gentlemen and Freeholders of the Prosecutions County of Southampton, was presented to the House, and fordealingin read; letting forth, that several Inhabitants of the said- ^ncujlorntd County lie under Prosecutions, and others are in Gaol, lor being concerned in importing, or buying, of Goods that had not paid t he Customs: And praying the Consideration of the House, and such Relief as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the principal and other Inhabitants of Portsmouth, Gcsport, Porifea, and other neighbouiing Par rilhes, in the County of Southampton, was presented to the House, and read j setting forth, that severalr Persons of that

Goods.

Ditto.

i Geo. II. -4* t i§

Bttbnu. Ddcq^. C Lai.

that Neighbourhood lie under Prosecutions, and others are in Prison, for having imported, bought, or been Other-wjfe concerned in, Goods that had not paid the Duties, of which they were ignorant: And praying the Consideration of the House, and such Relief, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the principal and other Inhabitants of the Town and County of Poole, is referred; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them* to the House.

Kennedy's Ordered, That the Bill for Sale of the Estate of Sir

Estate. Richard Kennedy, Baronet, deceased, in the Kingdom of

Ireland, forfeited during the Life of Sir William Kennedy, his Great Uncle, be read a Second time upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard for the said i Bill, when Counsel are heard against the lame, upon the Second Reading thereof.

Edinburgh Mr. John Campbell reported from the Committee, to Petty whom the Petition of the Lord Provost and Magistrates, CuUoms. of the City.of Edinburgh, was referred, that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and 1 had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to

7 them, to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; { where the same was read, and is as follows; viz,

1 The Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House,

bearing Date the 20th Day of March last^proceeded to examine the matter of the said Petition; and find,

That an Act of Parliament passed in the 3d Year of his late Majesty's Reign (which was produced to the Committee) for continuing the DutyofTwo Penies Scots on every Pint of Ale and Beer, fold in the City of Edinburgh, and Privileges thereof, for the Benefit of the said City, and for difeantinuing the Payment of the Dues, commonly called the Petty Port Customs, at Edinburgh, during the Continuance of that Act.

That by the last Clause in the said Act it is provided, and enacted, that the Dues paid, and commonly called or known by the Name of the Petty Port Customs, payable at the Port of tlxe City of Edinburgh, should be difeon-tinu.ed and cease, during the Continuance of that Act.

That, in the Ninth Year of his said late Majesty's Reign another Act passed, which was also produced to the said Committee, for enlarging the derm granted by the said Act, made in the 3d Year of his said I ate Majesty's Reign, and for making the said Act more effectual.

And in the said Act, of the Ninth Year of his said late Majesty's Reign, there is the like Clause, for difeon-tinuing the Payment of the Petty Port Customs, during the Continuance of that Act.

That it appeared to the Committee, that some Doubts and Questions have arisen in relation to the true Meaning of the Clause in both Acts, touching the Petty Port Customs, there being noDiftinct ion, or Enumeration, of such of the Petty Port Customs, as were by the said Acts to be discontinued, or such, as were to be continued.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain the Acts, of the Third and Ninth Years of his late Majesty's Reign, for continuing the Duty of Two Penies Scots on every Pint of Ale and Beer, fold in the City of Edinburgh, in relation to Payment of the Petty Port Customs; and that Mr. John Campbell and Sir James Campbell do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

aitition of An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Actions, for rendering Part of the Act for Limitation of Actions, and for avoiding Suits in Law, more effectual, was read the First time, and ordered to be read a Second time.

irilege. The House being informed, that William Wye, John Stanley, John Willys, and Elias Delpeuch, attended at the Door (according to Order) they were severally called in, Vql. 2L

and examined at the Bar, touching their writing, a$d dispersing, several written News Letters, containing Intelligences relating to the Proceedings of this House:

And being withdrawn;

Resolved, That the said William Wye, John Stanley, and Elias Delpeuch, having presumed; to write, apd disperse, written News Letters, containing Accounts of the Proceedings of this House, are guilty of a, Breach of the Privilege of this House.

Ordered, That the said William. Wye be, for his fa id:

Breach of Privilege, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That the said John Stanley be, for his said Breach of Privilege, taken into the Custody of the . Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That the said Elias Delpeuch be* for his. said Breach of Privilege, taken into the Custody. of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Mr. Conduit presented to the House, pursuant to their Gold, &c. Order, an Account of the Gold and Silver, that has been colIled* coined at his Majesty's Mint, from the Twentieth Day of November, One thousand Seven hundred and Seventeen, to the Fifteenth Day of March, One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-seven.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do li<* upon the Table, to be p.erufed, by the Members of the Hoi\fe>

The said Account is. bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this Hopfe will, upon Friday Morning Ways next, resolve itfe finto a Committee of the w.hole House, and Means, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Supply, next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider f urther of the Supply granted tq his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 40 die Aprilis;

Anno i° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1728.

Prayers.

MR. Doddington presented to the House (according Incumbrance to Order) a Bill for discharging an Incumbrance on Donogh-on the Lands of Donoghmore, Part of the Bishoprick of more Cloyne, in Ireland and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Vincent presented to the House (according to Hammond* Order) a Bill to enable the Commissioners of the Trea- Debt ro the fury, or the Lord High Treasurer, for the Time being, ^f0WB# to compound with Thomas Hammond, late of London,

Merchant, and his Sureties, for a Debt due to the Crown for Customs on Tobacco and Wines; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Refelved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Cherrington for appointing Commissioners to make a Division of cer- Xncloiurc. tain Common Fields, Lands, and Wastes, in the Parish of Cherrington, in the County of Gloucester, among the Proprietors, in order to inclose the fame, was read the First time.

Resolved*That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House being informed, that the Wardens of the piate marked Goldsmiths Company attended at the Door, they were atGoldfmitht called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, An Account of all Silver Plate, of the

Reading, kc Roads.

Bromley's

ERate.

Hockliffe

Road.

Sheldon's

Estate.

Privilege.

n 6 4° — 5* Aprtfts.

the old and new Standard, marked at Croldsmiths Hall, in London, from the Twentieth Day of Jammy, 1717, to the^ Fifteenth Day of March, 1727, as the same are yearly cast up in the said Company's Books on or about the Twenty-ninth Day of May, being the annual Commencement of the Wardens of the said Company.

And then they withdrew.

And the T itle if the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table* to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill for the more.effectual repairing th6 Highways between the Bear Inn in Reading, and Punt-field, in the County of Berks, and for amending the Road leading out of the said Highways to Burghfield Hatch, and from Puntfield aforesaid to Seven Mile Stone, and from thence to Aldermarfion Bridge, in the said County, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term granted by an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for repairing the Highways between the Bear Inn in Reading, and Puntfield, in the County of Berks, and for making the said Act more effectual; and for amending other Roads in this Act mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Potenger do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Thomas Lyttelton reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estate of William Bromley, Esquire, and Mary his Wife, lying at Sundon, in the County of ' Bedford, in Trustees, to be sold, pursuant to an Agreement in their Marriage Settlement, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

away Coals from thence, in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Matter of the said Complaint; and that they do report the fame, with Opinion thereupon, to the House.

The House proceeded (according to Order) to the hearing the Merits of the Election for the Borough of Bramber, in the County of Sussex.

And the Counsel were called in.

And the Petition of James Hoste, junior, Esquire* was read; and the Counsel were heard; and several Witnesses were examined.

And the Counsel, and Witnesses, being withdrawn;

The Sitting Member was heard in his Place; and then he withdrew.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That John Gumley, junior, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Bramber, in the County of Sussex;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, nemine contradicente, That James Hoste, junior, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Bramber.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House To morrow Morning, to amend the Return for the Borough of Bramber, in the County of Sussex, by rafing out the Name of John Gumley, junior, Esquire, and inserting the Name of James Hoste, junior, Esquire, inllead thereof.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Venerisy 50 d;

Anno l* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1728.

Prayers.

THE Clerk of the Crown atteaded, and (according to Order) amended the Return for the Borough of Bramber, in the County of Sussex.

Bramber

Election.

Ditto.

Mr. Compton presented to the House (according to Order) a Bill for more effectual amending the Highway between Hockliffe and Woburne, in the County of Bedford, and for repairing the Road leading through Woburne to Tick/ord Bridge, n Newport Pagnell, in the County of Bucks; and the feme was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of Francis Sheldon, Esquire, a Lunatick, for discharging the Debts and Incumbrances affecting the feme, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas Lyttelton, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Hampden, Mr, Huxley, Dr. Sayer, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Waller, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Serjeant Birch, Mr. Mountagu, Mr. Polhill, Sir Edward Knatch-bull, Mr, Townshend, Mr. Lewen, Sir Geo. Saunders, Mr. Monro, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Wyndham, Mr. Phillips, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Hales, Lord Gage, Mr. Plumer, Lord Morpeth, Sir Edward Stanley, Mr. Ingram, Mr. Byng, Mr. Wyther; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Gloucester and Worcester: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Complaint being made to the House, that Catherine Purcell, Widow, Robert Johnson, and Joseph Garbett, have, in a forcible Manner, entered upon Lands, in the Parish of Madeley, in the County of Salop, the Possessions of Thomas Lord Viscount Gage in the Kingdom of Ireland, a Member of this House, and have dug and carried lS

The House being informed, than an Article, relating An Account to the Duty upon wrought Place, is omitted to be in- withdrawn, ferted in the Account, which Mr. Chocke, from the Exchequer, presented to the House the Twentyseventh of March last, pursuant to their Order of the Twelfth of March, intituled, An Account of all the publick Debts at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, due or (landing out at Christmas, 1727, with the annual Interest, or Sums, paid for the same;

Ordered, That the said Mr. Chocke have Leave to withdraw the said Account; and that he do present to this House a perfect Account of all the publick Debts at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, due or (landing out at Christmas, 1727, with the annual Interest, or Sums, paid for the feme.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, signing That it appears to this House, that many great Omiliions, Accounts Errors, and Mistakes, have been made in the Accounts, ^rom the lately delivered to this House from the Exchequer; Exchequer.

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put.

That all Accounts, to be delivered for the future to this House from the Exchequer, be signed by the Auditor of the Exchequer, or the Clerk of the Pells, or by their lawful Deputies, or chief Clerks, or one of them;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

So it passed in the Negative.

A Motion

Limiting Proceedings on liie&ion Petitions,

New

Ttomney

Llettion.

Privilege — Petition from a Person in Custody.

Hoimflow Heath, &c. Road.

Lanovc's

Hat.

Exchequer Bills.

I Geo. II. 5°tt^8 1*7

A Motion being made, and the Question being put. That it be an Instructionto the Committee of Privileges and Elections, that they do not proceed on any Petitions, now before them, complaining of undue Elections, or Returns, after the Matter of the double Return, and the Merits of the Election, for the Borough of Flint, are heard;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

}.s4:

*» no

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Matter of the Petition of Sir Robert Attjlen and Sir Robert Furnefe, Baronets, comp'aining of an undue Eieftion and Return for the Port of New Romney, in the County of Kent, and which was referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, be heard at the Bar of this House. :-

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House upon Monday, the Twenty-ninth Day "of April Instant. ‘

A Petition of Robert Raikes, in Custody of the Sserjeant at Arms, attending this House, for a Breach of Privilege, in printing the Proceedings of this House, was presented to the House, and read; expressing his-Sorrow for his said Offence, and most humbly begging Pardon for the same; and praying, in regard he has a Wife and Family in the Country, to provide for, and his Affairs will suffer very much by his Absence, that he may be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

Ordered, That the said Robert Raikes be brought to the Bar of this House upon Monday Morning next, in order to his being discharged out of Custody.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Thursiort and Mr. Masham:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from the Powder Mills on Hounslow Heath, in the County of Middlesex, to a Place called Bajingstone, near the Town of Bags hot, in the Parish of Windlejham9 in the County of Surrey, without any Amendment:

And also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Lanove, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed, that Mr. Chocke, from the Exchequer, attended at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, An Account of all Money, that has, in any Manner, been paid, or any Exchequer Bills, which have been made out, for Interest, Circulation, and Charges of Management, of the Four millions Five hundred Sixty-one thousand Twenty-five Pounds, principal Exchequer Bills, (landing out at Christmas, 1716, with the like Payments for the Three Millions in Exchequer Bills, made out pursuant to the Acts of the Sixth, Eighth, and

Ninth, Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, separate and distinct from any Payments relating to any other Exchequer Bills; with an Account, out of; what Money the same has been satisfied, and the said principal Sums, in Exchequer Bills, have been paid off and discharged.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That so much of the Petition of Sir William Coddrington, Baropet, and George Grove, Esquire, complaining of an uhdue'Election and Return for the Borough of Minehead, in the County of Somerset, as relates to the said Sir William Coddringtony Baronet, and which was referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, be heard at the Bar of this House;

It passed in the Negative.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon 7'hurfday next, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole floufe, to consider further of the Bill for encouraging Seamen, who shall enter voluntarily into his Majesty's Service, and nothing to intervene.

r Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the.Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Lunate 8° die Apr ills;

Anno i* Georgii II41 Regis, 1718.

Prayers.

"DO BERT Raikes, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House was (according to Order) brought to the Bar; where he, upon his Knees, received a Reprimand from Mr. Speaker, and was ordered to be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

The House, being informed, that Mr. Chocke, from the Exchequer, attended at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order of Friday last, an Account of all the publick Debts at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, due or (landing out at Christmas, 1727, with the annual Interest, or Sums, paid for the same.

And then he withdrew.

And the; Title of the said Account was read*

The said Account is as follows; viz.

Vol. 21.

Gg To

Minehead

Election.

Encouraging

Volunteer

Seamen.

Way. and Meaiu.

Supply.

Privilege — A Person reprimanded and discharged.

Public Debts 4

11.8 Aprili 1728.

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled:

An ACCOUNT of all the publick Debts at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, due or (landing out -at Ckri/fms, 1727; with the annual Interest, or Sums, paid for the same.

Principal. 0 Annual Interest.

Exchequer: Annuities (or long Terms, being the Remainder of the original Sum £. s. d. £. s. d.

cpotxibuted ^ud icribed to the South Sea Company >.83 7»533 — 9 131,431 10 11

Annuities for Lives, with Benefit of Survivorship, being the original Sum contributed - - 108,100 — — 7>S67

Annuities payable upon Two and Three Livps, being the Sum remaining, after deducing what has fallen in by Deaths - 149,384 u 4i 17,527 8 9

TotheSbprt Annuities, «£.9 perCent. per Annum Remaindcrf jQMq on Lottery, Anno \ 710 - -) 6 161,108 6 8 109,290 — — 14,499 15 — 9,836 2 —

of the original Snip unsubscribed to the South Sea Company Tv Annuities on the Plate Act, 6* Regis - 312,000 12,480

Jjijice paid off.] To Annuities on Army Debentures, at £. 4 per Cent. - 218,165 16 4i 8,726 12 7*

Annuities for Nevis and St. Christopher*$ Debentures, at £. 3 per Cent. whereof there remains in the Exchequer the Sum of £ 30,712. 16 s. towards discharging this Debt, but cannot be applied to that Purpose, without further Directions of Parliament - 68,534 1 i{ 2,056 — 5

Exchequer Bills, made forth on the Victuallers Act, Anno 1726, at the Rate of £. 3 per Cpnt. per Annum - - - 486,600 — — *4.598

jy on the Surplus flf the Duty on Coals since , 1719, Anno 1727, the rate of £ 3 per Cens. per Annum - - 338,800 10,164

D° for the Interest on pjd BiJJsexdianged - - -Loans on the Duty on Coals, at the rate of £. 4 per Cent, per Annum 2,200 — — 90,000 — — . 3,600

Note: The Land Taxes, and Duties on Malt, being annual Grants, arp not charged in this Account. Thpre remained at Cht'tftmas last £. 2,260. on the Lottery 17 13, at £. 4 per Cent, per Annum, payable in course out of the annual Sum of£. 35iO©o. taken out of the Civil List Revenues, but since paid off East India Company: By Two Acts of Parliament, 9* fVilli Regis, and by Two others, V (si io* Anna, at £.3 per Cent. 3,200,000 — — 160,000 — — '

Bank of England On their original Fund, H £ 6 per Cent. 1- 1,600,000 — — 96,000 — —

For cancelling Exchequer Bills, 7* Annaat £. 4 per Cent. 7 - - J»775»oa7 >7 *o| 71,001 2 3*

For cancelling Exchequer Bills, 3" Georgii Primi, £.4 per Cent. - 2,000,000 80,000

The Sum purchased by them of the South Sea Company, at£. 4 per 4,000,000 — — 160,000 — —

To them more, for Charges of Management of £. s. d. their original Debt - - - - 4,000 — — per Annum. For a proportional Charge of Management of the £.4,000,000. purchased of the South Sea Company - - - - - 1,898 3 per Annum. £. 5,898 ‘ 3 si South Sea Company: On their capital Stock and Annuities, Act 9* Georgii Regis Primi, at £. 4 per Cent. - - - ' ‘ - - - 33,802,203 5 6f *,352.088 2 71

£ 50,258,946 19 8i V5*,575 *4 71

Memorandum: There was in the last Account £.280. 8 carried to the South Sea Company's Stock, more than in this, the said Sum haying been deducted by Warrant, in pursuance of an Act, 8 ' GeorgiiPrimi, for rectifying Mistakes in the Sub- 1

scription to the said Company.

To them more, for Charges of Management £. d.

of their original Debt of £.10,000,000. 8,000 — — per Annum. Alexander Chocke.

For the Lottery 1710, on the Subscription

Anno 1719 - - - 1,397 9 6

For a proportional Charge of Management

on the Subscriptions, taken in Anno 1720 10,101 16 6* per Annum.

£ 19,499 6 — {

Exchequer,

8th Day of April, 1728.

i Geo. II. 8a Ap119

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Chicke do attend this House immediately.

Peterborough Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this

£le&ion. House Tomorrow Morning, with the Return for the City of Peterborough, in the County of Northampton.

Exchequer The House being informed, that Mr. Choche attended Accounts. tjic £)oor (according to Order) he was called in, and examined at the Bar, touching Accounts, which he had delivered in to the House, from the Exchequer.

And then he withdrew.

Lord The Lord Palmerston reported from the Committee, to Bentinck's whom the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. to enable the Guardians of the Lord George Bentincke, Second Son of Henry, late Duke of Portland, to make Leases of certain Houses, Grounds, and Tenements, in Soho, during the Minority of the said Lord Georger for making Provision for his Maintenance, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

The said Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Lord Palmerston do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Duty on Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this Coali, See. House, an Account of the Money paid into the Exchequer, arisen upon the Duty on Coals and Culm, continued by an Act of the Fifth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, for building new Churches, and for the Supply of that Year, from the Twenty-fifth of March, 1719, to the Twenty-fifth of March, 1728, and also an Account how the same has, from time to time, been applied, distinguishing each Year.

Window Tax Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this Arran. House, an Account of what Arrears of Land Taxes were (landing out at Michaelmas, 1727, with the Names of the respective Receivers, in whose Hands the said Arrears remained, and what Proceeding hat been to compel the Payment thereof.

Window Tax Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this Arrears. House, an Account of what Arrears of Window Taxes were {landing out at Michaelmas, 1727, with the Names of the respective Receivers, in whole Hands the said Arrears remained, and what Proceeding has been to compel thr Payment thereof.

Rochcfterto A Bi-11 for repairing and enlarging the Road leading Maidstone, from St. Margaret*s Church, in Rochester, to Maidstone, &c. Road. ancj from thence to Mailing Heath, through Barming Woods, in the County of Kent, was read a Second me.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Finch, Mr. Fane, Mr. G/anville, Mr. Wither, Mr. Whitworth, Sir Wm. Hardress, Sir Edward Knatchbull, Lord Gage, Mr. Wyndham, Mr. Waller, Mr. Furnefe, Sir Robert Furnefe, Mr. Campbell, Sir Wm. Willys. Lord Finch, Mr. Bertie, Sir ' Wm. Strickland\ Mr. Vernon, Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Duncombe, Mr. Verney, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Cornwal, Mr. Bromley, Mr. St. John, Mr. Lister, Mr. Vincent, Nix. Shephard, Mr. Pacey, Lord Morpeth, Mr. Thompson, Sir Walter Bagot, Mr. Smith, Sir Gilbert Heathcote, Sir Nicholas Williams, Mr. Browne, Mr. Compton, Lord Lewisham, Mr. Digby, Mr. John Finch, Mr. Hen. Finch, Colonel Cope, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Hucks, Mr. Alderman Child, Mr. EJJington, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Tremain, Mr. Hampdenand all the Mem-Vol. 21.

bers, that serve for the County of Kent: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir Thomas Hales reported from the Committee, to Canterbury whom the Bill for erecting a Workhouse in the City of Workhouse. Canterbury, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor there, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true 5 and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next.;

A Petition of John Stanley, in Custody of the Serjeant Privilege — at Arms attending this House, for a Breach of Privilege, in presuming to write and disperse written News Letters, Custody.m containing Accounts of the Proceedings of this House, was presented to the House, and read; expressing his hearty Sorrow for his said Offence, and promising a futune good Behaviour; and praying, that the House.will be pleased, in Consideration of his Family and Circumstances, to order him to be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

Ordered, That the said John Stanley be brought to the Bar of this House upon Wednesday Morning next, in order to his being discharged out of Custody.

A Petit ion of William Wye, in Custody of the Serjeant Ditto, at Arms attending this House, for a Breach of Privilege, in presuming to write and disperse written News Letters, containing Accounts of the Proceedings of this House, was presented to the House, and read; expressing his hearty Sorrow for his said Offence, promising a future good Behaviour and praying, that the House will be pleased, in Consideration of his Family and Circumstances, to order him to be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

Ordered, That the said William Wye bo brought to the Bar of this House upon Wednesday Morning next, in order to his being discharged out of Custody.

A Petition of Edward Cave, in Custody of the Serjeant Ditto, at Arms attending this House, for a Breach of Privilege, in having presumed to disperse written News Letters, containing Accounts of the Proceedings of this House, was presented to the House, and read; expressing his great Sorrow for his said Offence, and most humbly begging Pardon for the fame; and praying (in regard he has a Wife and Family, who, by reafun of his Confinement, will suffer very much) that he may be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

Ordered, That the said Edward Cave be brought to the Bar of this House upon Wednesday Morning next, in order to his being discharged out of Custody.

A Petition of Elias Delpeuch, in Custody of the Ser-jeant at Arms attending this House, for a Breach of Privilege, in presuming to write and disperse written News Letters, containing Accounts of the Proceedings of this House, was presented to the House, and read j expressing his great Sorrow for his said Offence, committed through Ignorance, and mosthumbly begging Pardon for the fame; and praying the Compassion of the House on him, and his poor Family, and that he may be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Elias Delpeuch be brought to the Bar of this House upon Wednesday Morning next, in , order to his being discharged out of Custody.

A Bill to enable the Commissioners of the Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer, for the Time being, to com- DebtTo the* pound with Thomas Hammond, late of London, Merchant, Crown, and his Sureties, for a Debt due to the Crown for Customs Oil Tobacco and Wines, was read a Second time.

Resolved,

120

88 Aprilis. 1728.

Resolved, That' the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Countefsof An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Shaftesbury's to settle a Jointure on Susanna, Countess of Shaftesbury, Jointure. W'ifc of Anthony, Earl of Shaftesbury, in lieu and bar of her Dower, or Thirds, at the common Law, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Serjeant Birch, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Fane, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Jacomb, Mr. Wyndham, Mr. Dodington, Mr. Ash, Mr. Sandy s, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Monro, Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Attorney-general, Mr. Solicitor-general, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Lacon Child, Mr. St. John, Sir Wm. Wyndham, Mr. Trenchard, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Bacon,

Sir Robert Sutton, Mr. Master, Sir Nathanael Curzon,

Sir Bradshaigh, Mr. Scrope, Mr. Pacey, Sir Ed-

mar*/ Knatchbull, Dr. Mr. Waller, Mr. Hamilton,

Mr. EJJUngton, Sir T^. Hales, Sir G^?. Cafwal, Mr. #77-Sir Edward Stanley, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Lawson, Mr. Plumer, Colonel Read, Sir Wilfrid Lawson, Mr. Moore, Mr. Dig by, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Alderman C/WJ, Mr. Crowle, Mr. Knight, Sir Nicholas Williams, Sir JoA# Hinde Cotton, Mr. Leveson Gower, Mr. Thompson, Mr.

Sir JFm. and all the Members, that serve

for the Counties of Dorset, and: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at hive of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Bromley'* An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. for veiling the Estate of William Bromleys Esquire, and his Wife, lying at Sundon, in the County of Bedford, in Trustees, to be sold, pursuant to an Agreement in their Marriage Settlement, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Lyttelton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Pearfe, from the Commissioners of the Navy, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

Arrears of An Account of the Arrears of Seamens Wages, as the Seamens same flood on the Twenty-second of February, 172a, ages' the Day the last Recall ended; and also,

ImprdTing An Account of what Sum of Money has been expended Seamen. impressing Seamen, from the Twenty-fifth of December, 1725, to the Twenty-fifth of December, 1727, including the Expence of Smacks, and other Vessels, employed in that Service, with an Account of the Number of Seamen impressed in that Time, distinguishing the Number of able Seamen from those who were not lo.

Mr. Pearfe also from the Commissioners of the Navy presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Ships and An Account of the Ships, and old Stores, which have old Stores, been fold from Christmas, 1722, to Christmas, 1727, and for how much they were fold; and also.

Navy Debt. An Account, shewing, how much of the Navy Debt, due at Christmas, 1726, did remain unpaid on the Eighth of March, 1727.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Stepney new A Bill for uniting the Moieties, or Portions, of the Churches. Rectory of St. Dunstan, Stepney, alias Stebunheath, and for making one Rector full Incumbent of the said Rectory, - and for converting the Chapel at Poplar into a Parish Church, and appointing a District for a new Parish for the fame, and for the Maintenance of the Ministers of Five

New Churches, at Stratford (Bow) Poplar, Spittlefields,

Wapping (Stepney) and Limehouse, and for restraining the Churchwardens of the said Five new Churches from disposing of the Pews, and Places in Pews, without the Consent of the Vestry, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Sir William Yotige reported from the Committee, ap- National pointed to draw up a Representation, to be made to his Debt. Majesty, upon the Resolutions of the House, the Twelfth of March last, and upon the Debate of the House, laying before his Majesty a particular Account of the national Debts, discharged, and incurred, since the Twenty-fifth Day of December. 1716, distinguished under their proper Heads and Services, with a State of the Sinking Fund, and of the publick Credit; that they had drawn up a Representation accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Tabic; where the same was twice read, and amended, and is as follows; viz.

Most gracious Sovereign,

Your Majesty's most dutiful and faithful Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, having, in Duty to your Majesty, for the Sake of Truth, and for the better Information and Satisfaction of all your good People, taken into their Consideration the State of the national Debt, in regard to what Debts have been discharged and paid off, since the Establishment of the Sinking Fund for that Purpose, and what new Debts have, within the said Time, been contrafted and incurred, beg Leave, with all Duty and Submission, to lay the same before your Majesty in this our most humble Representation.

The national Debt of this Kingdom, contrafted in carrying on Two long and expensive Wars, before the happy Accession of your Majesty's late royal Father to the Crown of these Realms, as it was a Matter of the last Consequence to the Nation, was become the Care and Concern of all, whowished well to our present and future Prosperity. This produced several Considerations in Parliament, to find out, and settle, some Means of putting this great Debt into a Method of being gradually reduced and diminished; and the Sinking Fund was at last happily established, to general Satisfaction. This Fund became immediately the favourite Article in all parliamentary Considerations, relating to the publick Revenues, and was considered as a national Interest, worthy of the highest Regard and Attention; which was, by all possible Means, to be cherished and improved, and the Produce of it set apart, and kept distinct, from all other Services and Purposes, and was appropriated by Parliament, to pay off and discharge national Debts, incurred before the Twenty-fifth Day of December, 1716.

Hence arose that Distinction in the publick Revenues, which has ever since been so far continued, and kept up, that the Nation has seemed to have Two different Interests; one, in the Produce of the Sinking Fund, for the Discharge of the national Debt, another, in the annual Supplies, granted to the Crown, for carrying on the current Service of the Year.

But several Controversies having of late Years been started, concerning what real Benefit had accrued to the Nation from the Produce and Application of the Sinking Fund, if considered and compared with new Debts, iup-posed to have been incurred within the same Time; the Commons of Great Britain, truly sensible of the Weight of this national Debt, a Burthenof itfelfsufficient to create some Uneasiness in the minds of the People, without the Help of any Aggravations, or Misrepresentations, thought it a Duty incumbent upon them, so far to enter into the

Consideration

i Geo. II. ' 8° JpHlis

i2i

Copsideration of this important Affair, as to examine, and state, how much of the national Debt, incurred before the Twenty-fifth of December, 1716, had been actually paid off, or discharged, and what new Debts had been really contrafted and incurred in Support of the Publick, and in carrying on the current Service of the several Years, since that time.

It is well known, with what Content and Chearfulriefs your Majesty's Subjects have all along paid and contributed towards the annual interestof this national Debt, contracted and incurred in securing to them the inefti* mable Blessings of your Majesty's most auspicious Reign, and the Protestant Succession in your illustrious Family, and in Defence of their Religion, Liberties, and Properties, which they always thought, could not be purchased* and preserved, at too dear a Rate; ari$y from the Time they had the Comfort of having a Sinking Fund settled and established, that gave them the Prospect and Hopes of seeing this great Debt gradually reduced, and discharged, it was a Satisfaction* that rendered the Burthen easy and light; and your People seemed even to forget the great Expence they had been at, happy in the tree and full Enjoyment of all that was dear and valuable to them, the Fruit'and Return of so much Treasure, necessarily and usefully employed.

notwithstanding this flourishing State of the publick Credit, and the good Effects of this happy Situation, there were not wanting those, who attempted to disturb the Quiet and Satisfaction, that almost universally prevailed in the Minds of your People, by publishing and promoting, with the greatest Industry, most notorious Mifreprelen tat ions of the true State of our Debts, and of the Provisions made for the Discharge of them; and by infusing groundless Jealousies and Insinuations, as if the Produce of the Sinking Fund had been but little and inconsiderable, or that by wrong and imprudent Measures, bad Economy, Neglect, or Mi ('management, unnecessary Expences had been made, and new Debts contracted, that not only equalled, but exceeded by several Millions, the Amount of the old Debts, that had been discharged.

These artful Insinuations and M ifrepre fen tat ions served to a double Purpose, to make our Fellow-subjects restless and uneasy under their present Difficulties, by persuading them, they were endless, and inextricable; and, at the same time, so apprehensive of new Engagements, that they might be prepared rather to suffer all Sorts of In-fults and Injuries, than by endeavouring to do themselves

Justice, to enter into new Expences; every-where repre-lented as destructive and intolerable.

This prevailing Mischief called for an imniediate Remedy, and made it necessary to enter into a strict Disquisition of the Truth and Certainty of these Affairs, that your Majesty might be truly informed, and your faithful and well-affected Subjects have the Satisfaction to fee, how grofly the World had been imposed upon by these ground less Mifreprelen tations 5 and that your Enemies might be convinced, that the Wealth and Power of Great Britain is not so exhausted, as to render this Nation, under your Majesty's happy Government, less considerable and formidable, than in the 'time of any of yctfr royal Predecessors.

We observed, that what gave any Foundation for the Belief of these notorious Falflhoods, was, the Liberty which some misinformed, or ill-designing*Personshad taken from the several Alterations, which had been made of late Years in the Shape or Denomination of our publick Debts, to make and publish imaginary States of the Whole of those Debts, by putting fictitious Values upon them, at theit own Will and Pleasure, and from thence making Balances, that might serve their Purpose, but were not really true.

But the Difficultiesof making up this Account in that Manner, with any Certainty, made us carefully avoid going into a Method, which might be afterwards liable to Cavil and Disputes, according to the Humour, Caprice, or private Opinion, of every Man.

That wemight therefore avoid, as much as possible, any Doubt or Perplexity, we proceeded to state the Truth of this Past in a Method, that was plain, obvious, and intelligible to the meanest Capacity; and took an Account of the several national Debts, incurred before the Twerity-fifth Day of December, 1716, which, since that time, had been actually paid off, or discharged, and also an Account of the several national Debts, that, since that time, had been contrafted or incurred, and were still subsisting; upon comparing of which together, it will appear, whether the national Debt is, since the Establishment of the Sinking Fund, increased, or decreased, and so what Amount.

Having now gone through this Enquiry with as much Care and Exactness, as wos possible, we beg leave, in the most dutiful Manner, to lay before your Majesty Two Accounts; the First containing the several particular Articles of national Debts, incurred before the Twenty-fifth Day of December 1716, and since discharged; which is as followeth:

An ACCOUNT of such national Debts, incurred before the 23th of December; 1716, as have been fined

discharged; viz.

Debts discharged.

The capital Sum of the Lottery Annuities, established by the Act 30 Geo. Iai, which creates the General Fund, and also the Sinking Fund, was ——

Of which there was subscribed into South Sea Stock

The Remainder, paid off, is ——

Annuities at £. 5. per Cent. redeemable by Parliament, and transferrable at the Bank of England, were granted by an Act i° Geo. I®1, for Of which there was subscribed into South Sea Stock The Remainder, paid off, is - -;

Other Annuities, of the same Kind, were granted same Year for -Of which there was subscribed into South Sea Stock The Remainder, paid off, is ——

Annuities at £. 4. per Cent. redeemable by Parliament, and transferrable at the Bank of England, were created fot Tallies of Sol, Act 30 Geo. Io!, for ——

Of which there was subscribed into South Sea Stock The Remainder, paid off, is -The like Annuities were granted by sundry Acts, for Army Debentures, certified before the 21st of March, 1719, for -Of u'hich there was subscribed into South Sea Stock . The Remainder, paid off, is -

Vol. 31. Hh

l- d.

9,534.357 >3 8,3*9>57‘ i° 7

9IO, OCX) ——

706,175 15 —

169,000 ——

137,526 6 t

9+7.5 H 7 8 748.555 *9 5

1,603,987 8 11

1,210,792 13 8

£ s‘ d,

1,2041786 3 4f

203,824 5 —

31.473 3

198,958 8 3

393,194 14 5 Th#

National

Debt;

National

Debt.

122

8° Aprilis. j, 1728.

The principal Stifrt remaining dne at 171 on Lottery,

17^ Was - -

Of Which there was1 subscribed into South Sea Stock The Remainder, paid off, is ——

The like on Lottery, Antto 1714....

Of whidh there was subscribed into South Sea Stock The Remainder, paid off, is - -

The Exchequer Orders, for Army Debentures, certified since the 21st Mar. 1719, are all paid off, being - - *.

The Deficiency of the Dufy on Hops, Anno 171 which was directed by Act of Parliament to be paid off, was ——

The like of the East India Company's Fund Rated to 1716,

and paid out of Sinking Fund, was - -

The 3 per Cent. Annuities in the Million Lottery, which were returned as Calli into the Exchequer, and which were, by an Act 13* Geo. lm*, applied to discharge Nevis Debentures, were - -

The principal Sum standing out in Exchequer Bills on 15th,

1716, was ——

Interest and Premium due thereon -

Total Debt in Exchequer Bills - -

Of which Two Millions were converted into a Bank Annuity, at £. 5. per Cent, by the Act 3* Geo. I"' 5 so deduct that And, towards discharging the rest of these Bills, £. 500,000. was raised by a Lottery, Anno 1719, and charged on the Aggregate Fund, of which A 441,706. was afterwards subscribed into, and mremains Part of, the South Sea Stock, and the remaining £ 58,300. has been since paid off; so deduct only - -

Total of these Deductions' -

£. s. d. 2,000,000 — —

441,700 -

X s. d. 599,210 — —

464,990 — —

t,812,100_______

1>4°3»97o — —

4»S6i>025 -

35.159 15 7\

4.596,184 15

Debts discharged.

I. S. d.

134,220 ——

408,130 ——

548,939 12 6J 12,480 9 r 79.339 >7 5

103,472 to —

The Remainder is the net Debt on this Head, that is paid off The Duty on Coals, for building of Churches, idc. was granted before 1716, fof several Terms of Years, to expire at 1725,

and the whole Produce of that Duty was appropriated for those . Services, which may be estimated as a Debt at 1716, of Anno 1719, £. 360,000. was granted for these Services, to be raised on a Fund of £. 21,000. per Annum, for 32 Years, in lieu of the Provision by the former Terms, and of that £ 360,000. there remains undischarged but ——

The Remainder may be estimated so much Debt discharged -The Debt of the Navy, as it ftodd on the 31st December, 1716, deducting the Effects in the Treasurers Hands, was -

Deduct thereout the Sum then uniffued on this Head of the Supplies Anno 1716, afterwards provided for by £. 4. per Cent, Annuities, Part of the Tallies of Sol, subscribed into, and (till remaining in, South Sea Stock - -

The Remainder is the net Debt of the Navy at 1716 -£ *9>925- 4*- 1 d.per Annum of the thort "Annuities remaining- _ scribed into South Sea Stock, which being valued at 14 Years Purchase, the Rate at which they were subscribed into South Sea Stock, Anno 1720, makes a Debt at 1716, of -

Deduct the present Value of these Annuities, in which there were but 14 Years 3 Quarters to come at Christmas, 1727, at 10 Years Purchase ——

The Remainder is so much discharged -

Total Debt? discharged -

2,441,700 — —

540,000 — —

293.H° -

2,154,484 15 7I

346,860 — —

1 >°43»?3S *5 9

334,239 16 i\

418,952 17 2

299,252 — 10

- X

709,096 19

119,700 16 4

6,648,762 5 1J

In the Rating of which Account, we beg Leave humbly to represent to your Majesty, that the Articles, stated therein by way of Estimate, are the Interest and Premium, said to be due on the Exchequer Bills, the Debt for the building of Churches, and the Value of the Difference in the Terms for the short Annuities; which Articles are so small in respect of the Whole, that any Alteration in those eftirr&ted Values would make 00 material Difference in the real Increase, or Decrease, of the whole Debt,

We beg Leave further humbly to represent to your Majesty, that all the Articles in this Account are stated as the Debts stood on the Twenty-fist h of December, 1716, except the First Article of the Lottery Annuities, which is stated at the Sum, that was made Principal at Michaelmas,

1717,by the Act, that established the General Fund, and also the Sinking Fund, from which Time only the Sinking Fund commenced; for which Reason, no Credit is taken in this Account for any principal Money, paid off in Part of the Four Lotteries, comprehended in that Sum, between Christmas, 1716, and Michaelmas, 1717; nor is any thing charged therein for the Deficiencies of Funds standing out at Christmas, 1716, and unprovided for, although the Deficiencies of Three of those Lottery Funds only amounted at Lady-day, 1717, to above Two hundred and seventy thousand Pounds; so that, notwithstanding, upon the Subscription of those Lotteries into redeemable Annuities, one Quarter's Interest, due thereon between Midsummer and Michaelmas, 1717, was

made

i Geo. II.

° Aprilis.

123

made Principal, amounting to £. i40,884. 6 s. 3id. or thereabouts, yet the same was much short of the Deficiencies then incurred on those Funds, and therefore properly charged amongst the Debts incurred before the Twenty-fifth of December, 1716.

And we think it proper further to observe upon the Article of the short Annuities remaining unsubscribed, which are stated at £.29,925. 4s. 1 d. per Annum, that it appears, the real Sum did amount to but £.24,335. l7s-per Annum; which Mistake did arise by a Mif-recitaL in

the Act, of the Sixth Year of your Majesty's late royal Father i which Difference, being valued at the same Rate, that the whole Annuities are herein valued at, makes a Difference of £.22,357. 8 s. 4d. to be deduded out of the total Sum of the Debts discharged.

The next Account, which is mou humbly submitted to your Majesty's Consideration, contains the several particular Articles of Debts, contracted and incurred since the Twenty-fifth of December, 1716, and now subsisting; which 1* 'V. followeth:

National

Dtbt,

An ACCOUNT of national Debts, contracted and incurred since the 25th ot December, 1716, arid now subsisting*

By South Sea Stock, for so much of the Money, agreed to be advanced by the South Sea Company on the Subscription of the Lottery, 1710, as was recounted or deducted by them, pursuant to the Act 50 Geo. Imi, for making good the Deficiency of their original and additional Funds; viz.

For the Deficiency of their original Fund for Two Quarters, ending at Midftmmer, 1719*. - -

For ditto for one Quarter at Christmas, 1719 For the Deficiency of their additional Fund for Two Quarters, ending at Midsummer, 1719

£. s. d. 141,547 19 if 14,846 18 8

25,831 4 *0

By so much of the £.5. per Cent. Annuities (created by virtue of a Clause in the Land Tax Ad 5* Geo. I"1, for replacing to the Treasurer of the Navy the Sum he had issued to the South Sea Company, for making good the Deficiency of their original Fund at Midsummer, 1718) as was subscribed into South Sea Stock, the Remainder bein£

paid off- - - -....

Total Debts contracted, for making good the Deficiencies of the South Sea Company's Funds -By South Sea Stock, for so much of the Money, agreed to be advanced by the South Sea Company on the Subscription of Lottery 1710, pursuant to the Act j° Geo. ImI, as was paid by them into the Exchequer, and applied to the Sinking Fund -By Annuities at £*4. per Cent. redeemable by Parliament, charged on the Duty on wrought Plate by the Act 6° Geo. lmi

By the Benefit Tickets in Lottery 1719, charged on the Duty on Coals 5* Geo. I®1, for - -

Of which there has been paid off - -

The Remainder was subscribed into South Sea Stock By Exchequer Bills, (landing out, and charged on the Duty on Vidual-lers by the Act 12* Geo. I"1 ——

By the like Exchequer Bills, charged on Surplus of Coals 13° Geo. Iml By the Debt of the Navy, as it flood on the 31st December, 1727, deducting' the Effects then stated to be in the Hands of the Treasurers

Deduct the Sum, then uniffued to the Treasurer of the Navy, of the Supplies Anno 1727, which has been since issued to him The Remainder is the net Debt on this Head -

182,226 2 7}

107,802 17 4§

500,000 — —

65.395 —

*>937>°*3 4 9i

199,74a a 6

: l

296,029 — - —

328,673 4 IOf

312,000 — —

434,605 — -

486,600 ~ — 338,800 ——

1,737,281 2 3i

Total of these Debts

3,927,988 7

1*

From these Two Accounts, we presume most humbly to represent to your Majesty, that the several national Debts, incurred before the Twenty-fifth Day of December, 1716, which have been since discharged, after deducting the before-mentioned Sum of £.22,357, do

amount in the Whole to the Sum of Six millions Six hundred and Twenty-six thousand Four hundred and Four Pounds, Sixteen Shillings, and Nine Pence Half-peny; and that the several national Debts, incurred since the said Twenty-fifth Day of December, 1716, and now subsisting, amount together to the Sum of Three millions Nine hundred Twenty-seven thousand Nine hundred Eighty-eight Pounds, Seven Shillings, and One Peny Three Farthings.

Which being deduded out of the Amount of the Debts discharged, the Difference is so much real Decrease of the national Debt since the Twenty-fifth Day of December, 1716, being Two millions Six hundred Ninety-eight thousand Four hundred and Sixteen Pounds, Nine Shillings, and Seven Pence Three Farthings.

And, that the State of the new-con traded Debts may appear in a true Light, we think it necessary, for the better Information of your Majesty, to distinguish them under Vol. 21.

the proper Heads of Services, for which they were contracted, and, by way of Explanation, to observe, that a considerable Part of the new-contracted Debt, amounting to the Sum of £.703,740. 6s. 2\d. was occasioned by the annual Provisions, made by Parliament for making good the yearly Deficiencies of the General Fund to and for the Year ending at Michaelmas, 1726, pursuant to the Directions of the Ad establishing the General Fund, the Surplus whereof compotes Part of the Sinking Fund; and by these Means the Sinking Fund h*s received annually some Proportion out of the Supplies of the Year:

And, that the further Sum of £.290,029. has been raised by new-contracted Debts, and is included therein, for making good at several Times the Deficiencies of the original and additional Funds of the South Sea Company;-which Two Sums, amounting together to the Sum of £.993,769. 6j. z\d. having been applied towards making good Deficiencies of the General Fund, and other Funds, established before the 25th Day of December, 1716, ought to be distinguished from the national Debt incurred since that Time;

As

i $4

8# Apri

A. 1728.

National As likewise the Sum of £.328,673. 41. loj d. another Debt. Part of the said new-con traced Debts, which Was occasioned by Stock created for so much of the Money to be advanced by the South Sea Company, upon the Enlargement of their capital Stock by the Subscription of the Tickets in the Lottery, Anno 1710, pursuant to an Act, of the Fifth Year of the Reign of your Majesty's late royal Father, as was paid into the Exchequer; and, as the same was applied to the Uses of the Sinking Fund, and no Part of it to any other publick Services, this Sum ought also to be distinguished from the rest of the Debts, contracted since the Establishment of the Sinking Fund Which Three Sums making together the Sum of £.1,312,442. iu. id, and being deducted out of the said Sum of £.3,927,988. js. 1 id. theremainingSumof£.2,605,545.

— 16 s. — id. is the whole national Debt, that has been contracted or incurred, foranswering or defraying the annual Charges and Expences of the Publick for the current Service of the several Years since the 25th Day of December, 1716, including therein the whole Debt of the Navy, as it flood on the 31st Day of December, 1727.

And further, to obviate any Objections that may be made to the Rating of the Account of national Debts, contracted and incurred since die Twenty-fifth of December, 1716, and still subsisting, it is proper to observe, that no Notice is taken therein of the Debts by Loans, or Exchequer Bills, on the annual Land Taxes, or Malt Duties; because, as those Loans, or Bills, are weekly discharged out of the Produce of those Taxes, and asroften as any Deficiencies happen thereon, they, as well as the Deficiencies of Grants, are not suffered to remain as Debts, but are constantly from Year to Year, discharged, by being made Part of the Supplies, granted for the current Service of the subsequent Years; and accordingly Provision has been already made for such of them as can be anyways ascertained, out of the Supplies for the Service of the Year 1728; therefore, they were not proper to be brought into this Account.

Having thus humbly represented to your Majesty the true State of the Decrease of the national Debts since the 25th Day of December, 1716, and the Establishment of the Sinking Fund, with the Occasions and Services for which the several new Debts have been incurred, we beg Leave, by this our humble Representation, to lay before your Majesty the Ci re urn (lances this Nation was in, with regard to the national Debt, before the Establishment of the Sinking Fund, and what happy Consequences have arisen from the Establishment thereof.

At the Accession of your Majesty s late royal Father to the Throne of these Realms, a great part of the publick Debts confided of absolute Annuities, granted for very long Terms of Years, which were only to be discharged by the wearing out of those Terms; other great Parts thereof were the capital Stocks of the Bank, the South Sea and India Companies, at very high Interest; other Debts were charged upon particular Funds, appropriated to pay off and discharge the principal Moneys, with Interest, at very high Rates, in course, to Multitudes of People both at home and abroad; other great Parts thereof were in Exchequer Bills, circulated and exchanged at very high Rates for Interest, Premium, and Charges; and the Debts of the Army, which were very considerable, were not then liquidated, nor had any Provision at all then been made for the Discharge of them: Besides this, the Funds themselves, appropriated for these Debts, were most of them deficient; so that, if these Debts had been differed to continue in this State, so far would they have been from being lessened to any Degree, that new Burthens mufthave been laid on the Nation, for securing the Debts unprovided for.

Soon after his late Majesty's Accession, an unnatural Rebellion broke out, during which, not only ail Thoughts # for any Method for the more speedy Payment of our Debts were of Necessity suspended, but new and heavy

Fears of the People removed, but the Parliament immediately began to set about the great Work of putting the national Debt in a Method of being sooner discharged with Honour and Justice; and, in the Year 1717, the Foundation was laid, by establishing the Sinking Fund; the Consequences and Advantages whereof will befit appear, by considering, what it is, and by what Means it was perfected.

The only Methods, that could be thought of, for paying off the national Debts, must be, either by improving and augmenting the Produce of the Funds, already settled for the Payment of the Principal and Interest, or by granting new Taxes and Impositions upon the People, or by a Reduction of the Interest, made payable on the several Debts; and, as the first Method would have been found not diffident to answer this desirable End, and the Second would have been very grievous and burthensome to the People, the principal Merhod, that was then thought expedient, and most free from Objections, was to reduce the high Interest, and other Charges, payable on all the publick Debts: But, as great Part of those Debts were not subject to any Power of Redemption, and as none of them werer redeemable, but on Payment of the principal Money, it manifestly appeared, that such a Reduction could never be made, without the voluntary Consent of the Proprietors of such, as were irredeemable, or a legal Tender ro the others of their principal Money; both which seemed at that time almost impracticable; but, by an extraordinary Zeal and Application to the publick Service, this Difficulty was surmounted, with respect to the whole of the Debts, that were then redeemable, by procuring, not only the voluntary Consent of the South Sea Company to the Reduction of the Interest on their whole capital Stock, then confiding of Ten Millions, from £.6. to £.5. per Cent, and of the Bank to a like Reduction on an Annuity, then payable to them in respect of a Sum of upwards of £.1,7 75>000. and to a great Abatement in their Allowances for circulating Exchequer Bills, then amounting to more than£.4,500,000. at an annual Charge of above £.7. per Cent. but also by engaging those Corporations to furnish sufficient Sums for paying the principal Money to such of the Proprietors of other redeemable Debts, amounting to more than Nine Millions, as would not voluntarily choose to accept an Interest at £.5. per Cent. for the future.

This Provision being made, the Act passed in the Third Year of his late Majesty's Reign, for establishing the General Fund; whereby the Proprietors of certain Debts therein mentioned, all carrying an Interest at £.6. perCent. had their free Election, either to accept an Interest at £,5. per Cent. per Annum, or to receive their principal Money; and so general was the Satisfaction of all the Proprietors, that few and very inconsiderable Sums were demanded to be paid off; but the principal Sums, that were voluntarily reduced to £.5. per Cent, amounted to £.9,392,311. 4s. *i\d. or thereabouts; and by this Method more than £.25,800,000. was at once voluntarily reduced from £.6. per Cent. or upwards, to £.5. per Cent. which was an annual Saving of above £.320,000.

By the same Act, not only the Surplus of this General Fund, but the Surplusses of several other Funds, were appropriated to the Discharge of national Debts, contrafted before the Twenty-fifth of December, 1716: And this was the Beginning and Establishment of the Sinking Fund.

From this happy Event arose such general Satisfaction in all Degrees of People, that though the Interest of the publick Debts was reduced, and the Proprietors received a less Income from them, than before, yet their Security for their Capital being so much mended, the Rate or Price for the Purchase of these Debts soon advanced to a much higher Value, than they were at before the Reduc-and it was easy to foresee, that, in Process of Time,

tion;

______ a further Reduction might have been made by the fame

Debts were contracted; and in the Year 1715, Annuities, just and honourable Methods, without any extraordinary at Five Pounds per Cent, redeemable by Parliament, were Advantages to be granted for the effecting it. fold for £.1,079,000. besides a considerable Addition to Had this Method (begun and executed so successfully, the capital Stock of the South Sea Company. and with such Satisfaction) been further pursued, and with-

But no sooner was that Rebellion defeated, and the out Interruption, the dangerous and mischievous Part of v the

-fc

i Geo. II. 8° — 90

the late South Sea Scheme might have been avoided; and yet the further Reduction of Interest might have been obtained, and taken place, much sooner that it has done by the execution of that Scheme.

But now, at length, net only the Reduction from £. 5. to £. 4. per Cent, settled by the South Sea Ad, has taken place, but a voluntary Reduction hath also been made, by the Bank of England, from £. 5. to £. 4. per Cent. Interest or Annuities, for Two principal Sums belonging to them, amounting together to upwards of £. 3,775,000. and by these several Reductions a further Addition is made to the Sinking Fund of more than £.377,000. per Annum, from Midsummer last: By all these Means, and by the Savings of Interest of the Debts, that have been already discharged, and by several wife Provisions for the Improvement of the Funds themselves, this Sinking Fund is risen to, and may be reasonably estimated at £. 1,200,000. per Annum, or thereabouts; and will be every Year increasing from the further Savings of the Interest of the remaining Debts, from time to time, as they shall be paid off.

But, if any thing were further necessary to demonstrate the immediate and certain Advantages, that have accrued to the Publick from the Methods used and established to discharge the national Debts, it is sufficient only to refled, that the Interest of the greatest Part of the Debt, being now actually reduced from £. 6. to £. 4. per Cent. makes a Saving of One-third of the Interest of such Debt; which, being in the Hands and Possession of the Government, and applicable, from time to time, to the Discharge of the Principal, makes a Gain and Profit to the Publick, equal to the Discharge of One-third of such Principal.

And, if the Amount of the Produce of the Sinking Fund did appear originally to be about £. 400,000. per Annum only, the Produce of the said Fund being now raised to about £. 1,200,000. per Annum, the Addition of £. 800,000. per Annum to the Sinking Fund, which is just so much gained by the Publick, if valued at Twenty-five Years Purchase, at which Rate all Annuities are now currently fold, makes a real Profit to the Publick, amounting to Twenty Millions.

This is the happy State of the Sinking Fund, taken separately, and by itself; but, if we cast our Eyes upon the State cf our publick Credit in general, it must be an additional Satisfaction to us, that by preserving the publick Faith inviolable, by the Discharge of the old Exchequer Bills, and the Reduction of the high Interest on all our (landing Debts, the whole Credit, that is taken on^the annual Funds, for carrying on the current Service of the year, is and may be supplied for the future at £. 3. per Cent, or less, for Interest, Premium, and Charges, by Exchequer Bills, created, just as the Occasions of the Publick require, without any Loans, or being obliged to any Persons for Money to be advanced, or lent, on the Credit of them; and so far is the Publick from being under the former Necessities of allowing extravagant Interest, Premiums, or Discounts, for any Money they want, that the only Contest now among the Creditors of the Publick is, that every one of them desires to be the last in course cf Payment*

Permit us then, Mofl: gracious Sovereign, to congratulate your Majesty on the comfortable Prospect we hdve now before us, if, notwithstanding the many Difficulties this Nation has laboured under since the happy Accession cf your Majesty V late royal Father to the Throne, notwithstanding the unnatural Rebellion, which soon after broke out, and the many heinous Plots and Conspiracies, which have since been formed and carried on for overturning the Religion and Libertieaiof our Country, and the Protestant Succession in your mofl: illustrious Family, the many Disturbances, which have arisen, and the uncertain and embroiled Condition of the Affairs of Europe, not a little fomented and encouraged by the false Intelligence, and malicious Insinuations, which have been industriously fptead abroad by your Majesty's and our Enemies, of the uneasy and perplexed State of our Affairs at home, as if that had rendered it almost Vol. 21.

Aprilis. 125,

impossible for this Nation, effectually to exert themselves in Defence of their own just Rights and Possessions, and for establishing, and securing, the publick Peace and Tranquillity; if, notwithstanding these and many other Difficulties, which we laboured under, and while the Sinking Fund was yet in its Infancy, and so much less than it now is, we have been able to diminish the national Debts so much already, what may we not hope for in regard to a mote speedy and sensible Discharge of them for the future, now the Sinking Fund is so greatly increased, and our publick Credit in so flourishing a Condition

The finishing and perfecting this great Work seems to be a peculiar Glory reserved for your Majesty's Reign. From your known Goodness and Wisdom, the present Age may promise themselves the certain and immediate Benefit of your Majesty's particular Regard to the publick Credit, and your universal Care and Concern for the Ease and Happiness of your People, which our latest Posterity mull remember, and acknowledge with Duty and Gratitude.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Representation, lo amended, to be made to his Majesty;

The House divided:

The Noes^go forth:

f The Lord Viscount Fitz-1

Tellers for the Yeas, < william, > 243.

( Sir Geo. Oxenden: J

} 77-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the said Representation be pFefented to his Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House, as are of his Majesty's most honourable Privy Council, do humbly know his Majesty's Pleasure, when he will be attended by this House.

The Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration that Part of his Majesty's most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, which relates to Greenwich Hospital.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martisy 90 die Aprilis;

Anno T Georgii IIdi Regis, 1728. Prayers.

A PETITION of the Cordwainers, Curriers, and Sadlers, of the Town and Borough of Ashburtony in the County of Devon, and Places adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners are great Sufferers, by reason of the Scarcity of Leather, occasioned by the Exportation ofvaft Quantities thereof, and by engrossing the same by the Exporters, and the undue tanning of Leather, and the Butchers cutting and gashing of Skins, contrary to Law: And praying such Relief as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Bill for more effectual amending the Highway between Hockliffe and Woburne, in the County of Bedford\ and for repairing the Road, leading through Woburne to Tickford Bridge, in Nezvport Pagnell9 in the County of Bucks, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Compton, Sir Thomas Sebright, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Wortley, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Cross, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Cornwall, Sir I i Jautes

National

Debt.

Greenwich

Hospital.

Committees.

Export of Leather.

Hockliffe

Road.

n6 90 Aprilis.

James Campbell, Mr. Douglas* Mr. Dalrymple, Sir Geo. -Cafitiall, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Hticks, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Paccy, Mr. Mr. Clayton, Mr. Uckyer, Mr. Fir-

jwir/Mr. Longueville, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Pringle, Lord FitzwHliam t Sir 77/0 w/tf Sir Geo. Downing, Mr.

Fane, MP. Selwyn, Mr. Taylor, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Monro, Sir 7^//;/ Dutton, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Hanpden, Sir Humphry Monoux, Colonel Campbell, - Mr. Wtfghte, Sir 7/'w. Carew, S\r John Hynde Cotton, Mr. Zfer//>, /Jr. Tuft on, Mr. Alderman C///7</, Mr. Rowney, Sir Clo/ery Noel, Mr. /&//, Lord F///rA Mr. Bramston; and all the Members that lerve for the Counties of Bedford, Bucks, Northampton, and Warwick: And they are to-meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Scotch Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to

forfe]led explain and amend an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year alcs' of h;s late Majesty's Reign, intituled, u An Act for Sale " of such of the forfeited Estates, in that Part of Great <c Britain called Scotland, as remain unfold, and are vested " in the CFOwn, and for determining such Claims on the " laid Estates, as, having been duly entered, remain " undetermined and that Mr. Forbes, and Sir James Campbell, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Chmington An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Inclosure. for appointing Commissioners to make a Division of certain common Fields, Lands, and Wastes, in the Parish of Cherrington, in the County of Gloucester, among the Proprietors, in order to inclose the fame, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Wm.

Powlet, xMr. Neale, Mr. Earl, Mr. Heathcote, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Morgan, Lord Limerick, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Sandys, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Pacey, Lord Palmerston, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Serjeant Birch, Mr. Thompson, Mr. EJJington, Mr. Tuffnell, Mr. Pringle, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Bathurst, Lord Fitzwilliam, Mr. Orlebar, Sir Thomus Sebright, Mr. Hampden, Sir John St. Aubin, Mr. Alderman Child, Mr. Scaiven, Mr. Ingram, Mr. Bigg, Mr. Worthy, Mr. Gybbon, Sir Edward Ktraichbuil, Mr. Taylor, Sir Adolphus Ought on, Mr. Mountagu, Colonel Handafyde, Mr. Clayton; and all the Members, that serve for the County of Gloucester: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Commission- Ordered, That a Copy of the Report, made to the en,&c Debt k°rcE Commissioners of the Treasury by Edward Harley to the Crowu. an(^ ^hmas Foley, Esquires, md by Mr. Nicholas Paxton, dated the Twenty-sixth Day of February, 174J, relating to the Debt due to the Crown from George Townsend, junior, Montague Bacon, John Attwood, and John Burton, late Commissioners for lkjenfing Hawkers and Pedlars, be laid before this House.

Ditto. Ordered, That the Auditors of the Imprefts do lay before this House, a Copy of the Letter of the Treasury, dated the Thirty-first Day of January, 1723, directing them, Mr. Cratcherode, and Mr. Paxton, to enquire into the Accounts of the Commissioners of the Hawkers and Pedlars.

State of Ordered, That the last State of the Accomptants, Accomptanta. delivered by the Auditors of the Imprefts to the Remembrancer, be laid before this House.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Thurston and Mr. Masham;

Mr. Speaker,

Qvaton The have a BilV intituled, An Act

Inclosure, for confirming the Inclosure and Division of the common Fields, and common Grounds, within the Manors and Parishes of Overton, Longville, and BotolpKs Bridge, in the County of Huntingdon; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Hindon Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Election. Borough of Hindon, in the County of Wilts, be received upon Friday Morning next.

Mr. Treasurer reported to the House, that his Majesty, The King having been waited upon, pursuant to the Order of appoints to Yesterday, humbly to know, when he would please to be attcn attended by this House; his Majesty had been pleased to appoint Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, at his Palace of St. James.

Mr. Doddington reported from the Committee, ap- Elections — pointed to search Precedents, in relation to a Petitioner, ^'*?ns claiming a Seat in this House for one Place, and who is Cotton-Mice afterwards elected for another Place, pending such Pe- pending Petition; and also Precedents in Gales of such Election, tition. where the first Election is controverted upon the Petition of the Electors; that the Committee had inspected Precedents, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk s Table; where the same was read, and is as follows; viz.

That the Committee had inspected the Journals of the House, and found the following Instances; vit.

1713, 3^ March. John Ward, Esquire, and Three other Candidates, petitioned jointly for Weymouth and Melcomb Regis, in the County of Dorset; and, pending that Petition, Mr. Ward was, upon a Vacancy, elected for Ludgershall, in Wilts, and the 31st of the same March he took his Seat in the House for that Place and the 26th of April following, the Committee of Privileges and Elections was, by Order of the House, discharged from proceeding upon so much of the said Petition for Weymouth and Melcomb Regis, as related to the said Mr.

Ward.

1715, 26th Mar. Trevor Hill and Martin Bladen,

Esquires, petitioned jointly for Saltash, in Cortnvall; and, pending that Petition, Mr. Hill was, upon a Vacancy, elected for Aylesbury, in Bucks, and the 2d of May following, he took his Seat in the House for that Place; and, after the Prorogation of the Parliament, the same Petition was renewed in 1716.

1722, 18th October. Charles Cadogan and Richard Thompson, Esquires, petitioned jointly for Reading, in Berks; and, pending that Petition, Mr. Cadogan was elected, upon a Vacancy, for Nezvport, in the County of Southampton, and the 3d of November following, he took his Seat in the House for that Place.'

1723, 10th January. Henry Par/ons, Esquire, renewed his Petition, presented in the former Session, for Malden, in Essex; and, pending that Petition, he was, upon a Vacancy, elected for Leftwithiel, in Cornwall, and the 29th of February following, he took his Seat in the House for that Place.

The Three last mentioned Petitions were not prosecuted to Hearings, but dropt upon Prorogations of the Parliament.

*723> 17th January. Edward Cottway, Esquire, petitioned for the Borough of Flint; and, pending that Petition, he flood a Candidate for Westbury, in Wilts, upon a Vacancy there; and, after that Election was over, he the 31st of March, 1724, petitioned for Westbury like-wife; and this Petition was referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, before which Committee his Petition for Flint was then depending.

In the following Session of Parliament Mr. Conway renewtd his Petition for Westbury only, but it did not come to a Hearing.

1722, ijth October* William Lowndes, Esquire, a Candidate for Westminster, petitioned the House, complaining of Riots and Tumults at the Election, to his Prejudice, and that many of the Inhabitants, who would have voted for him, were assaulted, and deterred from voting; and, pending that Petition, he was, upon a Vacancy, elected for Eafllow, in Cornwall, for which Place

he

rhcie, 'Points j aut&k

Site.

Tons

eo for !«&-

i Geo. II. 9° — m° Aprilis.

ill

he took his Seat in the House the First of November following; and the Sixth of thefanle Month the Election for Westminster was adjudged void.

That the Comrnittee found several Cafes, where a Candidate foT one Place had withdrawn his Petition, and had been afterwards elected, and fat in the House, for another Place.

That the Committee did not find any Election controverted upon the Petition of Electors, where the Candidate was elected for another Place, pending such Petition.

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till fuefday Morning next.

Peterborough

Elt&tan.

J

51-

77-

The House proceeded (according to Order) to the hearing the Merits of the Return for the City of Peterborough) in the County of Northampton.

And the Counsel were called in.

And the Petition of James Pix, Bailiff of the City of Peterborough, and also the Petition of the Dean and Prebendaries of the Cathedral Church of the said City of Peterborough, severally complaining of the said Return, were read 5 and the Counsel were heard, and several Witnesses were examined.

Copies of several ancient Recordsand Returns were read.

The Act of Parliament 33* Henry VI. c. 15. was read.

And the Evidence on both Sides being given; and the Counsel and Witnesses being withdrawn;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That Sir Edward O'Brien, Baronet, is duly returned it Citizen, to serve in this present Parliament, for the City of Peterborough, in the County of Northampton;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

u c . 1 tr (Sir Robert Clift on,

tellers for the Yeas,>Mr /

Tellers For the NoesiSir N William,

lellers for thelNoes

So it paired in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Execution of the Precept for electing Citizens, to serve in Parliament for the City of Peterborough, in the County of Northampton, and the making the Return thereof, are in the Bailiff of the said City, appointed by the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of Peterborough.

The House being informed, that James Pix, Bailiff of the City of Peterborough, attended at the Door, according to Order, he was called in, and, at the Bar, delivered in an Indenture 6f Return, by him made, of Citizens, to serve in this present Parliament for the said City of Peterborough.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Return was read.

The Clerk of the Crown attending, according to Order, with the Return, sent into the Crown Office for the said City of Peterborough;

The said Return was read.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do take off from the File the Indenture of Return, signed by Robert Smyth, High Bailiff of the Liberty of the Hundred of NaJJaburgh, and Soke of Peterborough, in the County of Northampton, the same not being signed by the proper Returning Officer, for the said City of Peterborough

And he took the same off from the File accordingly.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do annex to the Writ the Indenture of Return, signed by the said James Pix, Bailiff of the said City of Peterborough, appointed by the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of Peterborough aforesaid.

And he annexed the same to the Writ accordingly.

Ordered, That Sir Edward O'Brien, Baronet, be at Liberty to petition this House, touching the Election for the said City of Peterborough, within Fourteen Days next, if he thinks fit.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ruflla Resolved\ That this House will, upon this Day Fort-

ompany. night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Vol. 21.

House, to consider of the Petition of the Fellowship of English Merchants, for Discovery of new Trades, com-fnonly called the Russia Company.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Comroif-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole J?neffof_ House, to consider of the Petition of Charles Tozvnfend, t^c'

in behalf of George Tozvnfend, Montague Bacon, John Crown. Atwood, and John Burton, late Commissioners for licens-ing Hawkers, Pedlars, and petty Chapmen.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committees.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 1 o° die Aprilis \

Anno i° Georgii IId! Regis, 1728.

Pray brs.

PfOHN Stanley, William Wye, Edward Cave, and Privilege.--J Elias Delpeuch, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms ^"dand attending this House, were (according to Order) brought difeha^ged. to the Bar; where they, upon their Knees, received a Reprimand from Mr. Speaker; and were ordered to be discharged out of Custody, paying their Fees.

Sir Robert Furnefe reported from the Committee, to Whder'a whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Estate.

An Act for vesting the Manor of Shirfield, and divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Southampton, the Estate of Granville Wheler, Esquire, in Trustees, difehirgfed of the Uses in a former Settlement, he having settled an Estate in the County of Kent to the same Uses, in lieu thereof, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment:

And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

The said Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Furnefe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Petition of the Cordwainers, and others, belonging Export of to the Leather Trade in the Town of St. Mawes, in the leather. County of Cornwall, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners are great Sufferers, by reason of the Scarcity of Leather, occasioned by the Exportation of vast Quantities thereof, and by engrossing the same by the Exporters, and the undue tanning of Leather, and the Butchers cutting and galli-ing of Skins, contrary to Law: And praying such Relief as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Glanville reported from the Committee, to whom Healing'* the ingrOfled Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. to enable the Guardians of Anna Elizabeth Sealing, an Infant, about Four years old, appointed by this Act, to grant Building Leases of her Fourth Part and Share of and in certain Messuages, Ground, and Hereditaments, in or near the Parish of St. Andrew, Holborn, in the County of Middlesex$w&s committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment:

And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

The said Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Glanville do er ry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr.

128

16° dprilis.

A. 1728.

Fulham Mr. Vincent reported from the Committee, to whom and Putney the Petition of the Commissioners and Trustees, appointed Bddge. by an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twelfth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, for building a Bridge cross the River of Thames, from the Town of Fulham, in the County of Middlesex, to the Town of Putney, in the County of Surrey, was referred; that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk'sTable; where the same was read i and the Report, and Resolutions of the Committee, are as follows; viz.

That the Committtee had, pursuant to the Order of the House, of the 3d Instant, examined the Matter of the said Petition, which the Committee found to be as follows; viz.

That the Book, wherein are entered all the Proceedings of the Commissioners and Trustees, appointed to put the said Act in Execution, was produced; whereby it appeared to the Committee, that several Propofols had been made by Workmen, for building the Bridge.

The First. Proposal, that was made to the Commissioners and Trustees, and which was produced, and read, to the Committee, was by Thomas Phillips, Carpenter; who proposed to do the Carpenters Work, necessary towards building the Bridge, for £. 7,106. 12 s. and to keep the Wood-work in Repair for 12 years, at £. 80. per Annum.

The next Proposal, that was made to the Commissioners and Trustees, was by Andrews Jelfe, Mason, which Proposal was produced and read to the Committee, who proposed to do the Masons Work for £. 1,766. and to keep the same in Repair for 12 Years, at £. to per Annum.

Then was produced, and read, to the Committee, the Proposal of John Mist, Paviour; who proposed to pave the said Bridge for £. 693. 18 s. and to keep the same in Repair for 12 Years, the First Year to have One Pepper Corn, and the Eleven succeeding Years £.30. per Annum.

That the several Sums mentioned in the several Pro-pofals, amounted in the whole to £. 9,566. 10 s.

That, in order to ascertain, what Damages will accrue to the Owners and Proprietors of the Horse Ferry, by erecting the said Bridge, it appeared to the Committee, that Juries were impannelled, according to the Act: of Parliament; and the Verdicts of those Juries were produced to the Committee, who have ascertained the Damages to be £. 9,655. 10s.

And it appeared to the Committee, that the Damages, which will be sustained by the Watermen of Fulham and Putney, who claim a Right to the Sundays Foot Ferry, will be £. 62. per Annum, exclusive of the aforesaid Sum

or jC* 9>^ss- 10 s-

That, as the present Act now Hands, the Commissioners and Trustees are not sufficiently enabled to carry on the Work; neither can they raise any Money by any Contributions of their own, they being retrained from lending or advancing Money, upon the credit of the Act; but, if they were enabled to do it by way of Loan, or Annuities, by the Alignment of the Tolls in perpetuity, as other Persons can and may do, it would very much tend to the carrying on and compleating the Undertaking.

That the Petitioners fully proved the Allegations of their Petition; and the Committee came to the following Resolutions; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, unless Leave be given to the said Commissioners and Trustees to grant Annuities, by Assignment of the Tolls in perpetuity, they will not be enabled to raise a Sum sufficient for erecting the said Bridge.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Commissioners and Trustees ought to have a Power of lending or advancing Money, in the same manner as other Persons, towards erecting the said Bridge.

*7

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act for building a Bridge cross the Rivet 4C of Thames, from the Town or Fulham, in the County " of Middlesex, to the Town of Putney, in the County of H Surrey/' and for making the same more effectual; and that Mr. Vincent, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Scawen, Mr.

Bond, Mr. Tilfon, and Mr. Eflington, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Magistrates, Common-council, and Dcmbartorf several of the Inhabitants of the Burgh of Renfrew, was £iC(a:on' presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that at the last Election of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the District of the Burghs of Glasgow,

Dumbarton, Renfrew, and Rut her glen, the Commissioners, or Delegates, were, viz. for Glasgow, James Peadie, for Dumbarton, David Colquhon, for Rut her glen, David Pinkerton 5 and they made Choice of John Blackwood, of London, Merchant, well known by the Petitioners to be a Person of undoubted Loyalty to his Majesty, to represent the said District in Parliament; but George Smallet,

Provost of Dumbarton, without any legal Authority, on the 9th Day of September, the Day of the Election, went into the Tolbooth, the usual Place of Election, with one James Duncanfon, who had been Common Clerk of Dumbarton-, and there Smallet took upon him to name Daniel Campbell, Esquire, to serve as a Burgess for the said District, there being no Delegate present from any of the Burghs aforesaid, he having placed a Guard of armed Highlanders in the Tolbooth, the Night before the Election, and another Guard, of himself, and others, with Halberts, at the Hour of Election, to hinder the Delegates from entering, and, particularly, the said David Colquhon, pretending that he, as Provost, had the foie Right of judging, who had, and who had not, a Right to vote, or enter the Tolbooth: That the said Delegates, apprehending the Proceedings of the said Smallet to be arbitrary and illegal, protested against the fame, and withdrew to the neared convenient Place; where they chose the said Mr. Blackwood, and declared him duly elected; nevertheless, the said Smallet prevailed on the said Duncanfon to return Mr. Campbell, in Prejudice to the Rights of the Petitioners: And praying such speedy Relief in the Premises, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petion be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of the Delegate, chose for the Burgh of Ditto,

Rut her glen, and of the Magistrates, and Council, and of several of the Inhabitants, of the said Burgh, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that at the last Election of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the District of the Burghs of (slafgow, Dumbarton, Renfrew, and Rutherglen, the Commissioners, or Delegates, were, viz. for Glasgow, James Peadie, for Dumbarton, David Colquhon, for Rutherglen, David Pinker ton-, and they made Choice of John Blackwood, of London,

Merchant, well known by the Petitioners to be a Person of undoubted Loyalty to his Majesty, to represent the said District in Parliament; but George Smallet, Provost of Dumbarton, without any legal Authority, on the 9th Day of September, the Day of the Election, went into the Tolbooth (the usual Place of Election) with one James Duncanfon, who had been Common Clerk of Dumbarton; and there Smallet took upon him to name Daniel Campbell, Esquire, to serve as a Burgess for the said District, there being no Delegate present from any of the Burghs aforesaid, he having placed a Guard of armed Highlanders in the Tolbooth, the Night before the Election, and another Guard, of himself, and others,

with

ntoi#,

Eieth

i Geo. II.

Y)umbartoft, i Sic. Election.

B itto.

with Halberts, at-the Hour of Election, to hinder the Delegates from entering, and, particularly, the said David Colqiikon, pretending that he, as Provost, had the foie Right of judging who had, and who had not, a Right to vote, or enter the Tolbooth: That the said Delegates apprehending the Proceedings of the said Smal-let to be arbitrary and illegal, protested against the fame, and withdrew-to the nearest convenient Place; where they chose the said Mr. Blackwood, and declared him duly elected; nevertheless the said Smallet prevailed on the said Duncanfon to return Mr. Campbell, in Prejudice to the Rights of the Petitioners: And praying such speedy Relief in the Premises, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of the Delegate chose for the Burgh of Glasgow, and of the Magistrates, and Common-council, and offeveralof the Inhabitants, of the said Burgh, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that at the last Election of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the District of the Burghs of Glasgow, Dumbarton, Renfrew, and Rutberglen, the Commissioners, or Delegates, were, viz. for Glasgow, James Peadie, for Dumbarton, David Colquhon, for Rut her glen, David Pinkerton, and they made Choice of John Blackwood, of London, Merchant, well known by the Petitioners to be -a Personof undoubted Loyalty to his Majesty, to represent the said District in Parliament; but George Smallet, Provost of Dumbarton, without any legal Authority, on the 9th Day of September, the Day of the Election, went into the Tolbooth, the usual Place of Election, with one James Duncanfon, who had been Common Clerk of Dumbarton; and there Smallet took upon him to name Daniel Campbell, Esquire, to serve as a Burgess for the said District, there being no Delegate present from any of the Burghs aforesaid, he having placed a Guard ofarmed Highlanders in the Tolbooth, the Night before the Election, and another Guard, of himself, and others, with Halberts, at the Hour of Election, to hinder the Delegates from entering, and, particularly, the said David Colquhon, pretending, that he, as Provost, had the foie Right of judging who had, and who had not, a Right to vole, or enter the Tolbooth: That the said Delegates, apprehending the Proceedings of the said Smallet to be arbitrary and illegal, protested against the fame, and withdrew to the nearest convenient Place; where they chose the said Mr. Blackwood, and declared him duly elected; nevertheless, the said Smallet prevailed on the said Duncanfon to return Mr. Campbell, in Prejudice to the Rights of the Petitioners: And praying fu h speedy Relief in the Premises, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of the Delegate chose for the Burgh of Dumbarton, and of the late Magistrates, and Common -council, and several of the Inhabitants, of the said Burgh of Dumbarton, was presented to the House, and read setting forth, that at the last Election of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the District of the Burghs of Glasgow, Dumbarton, Renfrew, andi Ruther-glen, the Commissioners, or Delegates, were, viz. for Glasgow, James Peadie, for Dumbarton, David Colquhon, for Ruiherglen, David Pinkerton; and they made Choice of John Blackwood, of London, Merchant, weil known by the Petitioners to be a Person of undoubted Loyalty to his Majesty, to represent the said District in Parliament; but George Smallet, Provost of Dumbarton, without any legal Authority, on the 9th Day of September, the Day of the Election, went into the Tolbooth, the usual Place of Election, with one James Duncanfon, who had been Common Clerk of Dumbarton; and there Smallet took upon him to name Daniel Campbell, Esquire, to serve as Vol. 21,

a Burgess for the said District, there being ho Delegate present from any of the Burghs, aforesaid, he having placed a Guard of armed Highlanders in the Tolbooth the Night before the Election, and another Guard, of himself* and others, with Halberts, at the Hour of Election, to hinder the Delegates from entering, ami, particularly, the said David Colquhon, pretending that he, as Provost, had the foie Right of judging who had, and who had not* the Right to vote, or enter the Tolbooth; That the said Delegates apprehending the Proceedings of the said Smallet to be arbitrary and illegal, protested against the fame; and withdrew to the nearest convenient Place; where they chose the said Mr. Blackwood, and declared him duly elected; nevertheless, the said Smallet prevailed 09 ihjp said Duncanfon to return Mr. Campbell\ in Prejudice to the Rights of the Petitioners: And praying such speedy Relief in the Premises, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confide rat ion of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the feme, with their Opinion thereupon, to the Hoqie.

Sir Nathanael Curzon reported from the Committee to whom the ingrossed Bill from tire Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Thomas Brown, Gentleman, to grant Building Leases of his Estate in the Town of Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

The said Bill was read the Third time,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Nathanael Curzon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Alderman Child presented to the House (according to Order) a Bill for the more effectual preventing Abuses in the making of Bricks and Tiles; and the ferae was received, and read the Firsttime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Magistrates, Town-council, and Clerk* of Wigtoun, was presented to the Houser and read; setting forth, that at the late Ete&ion of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the District of Wigtowne, Whit home. New Galloway, and Stranraver, John Dalrymple, Esquire, pretended to be eiefted at Sir ant aver, though by the Statute the Election ought to have been at fVigtowne, and the return made by the Common Clerk thereof; to the manifest Prejudice of the Petitioners, and the total Subversion of the Rights of Election in Scotland: And praying the Consideratioit of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the feme, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House;

The Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Bill for Sale of the Estate of Sir Richard Kennedy, Baronet, deceased, in the Kingdom of Ireland, forfeited during the Life of Sir William Kennedy, his Great Uncle, be read a Second time upon Saturday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upoti Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee to whom the Bill for erecting a Workhouse in the City of Canterbury, for the better employing and maintaining Kk tha

Brown's

Estate.

B:icks and Tiles making.

Wigtowne;

&c.

ElcdUori;

Kennedy*

Eftaie.

Ways and Means.

Canterbury

Workhouse,

o

130

10 — 11

12

0 Aprilis

A. 1728.

the Poorithere, was committed, be taken into Gonftdera- Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his

tion Tomorrow Morning

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 11° Aprilis; Anno l* Georgii II11 Regis, 17a!. Prayers.

Evefliam, Ac. Roads,

1, Q I R John Rushout reported from the Committee to s* ij whom the Bill for repairing and amending the several Roads leading to and from the Borough of Evesham, in the County of Worcester, was committed; that the Committee had heard Counsel upon the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Freeholders, Tenants, and others, the Inhabitants in the several Parishes and Townships of Bretfordton, Willerfea, Saintbury, Alton, Weston, the Honybanes, Mlckleton# Pebworth, Barton, Biddeford, Broome, Wexford, Church Salford, Abbots Salford, Harrington, Norton, Leachwick, Offenham, Cl eve, Prior, North Littleton, Middle Littleton, «$W// Littleton, Bad-fey, Wickhamford, Great Hampton, Hampton, Buck-

laHd, Laberton, Hinton on the Green, Ale eft er, Broadway, Childs Wickham, Doftington, Summervilles, Aston, Church-lench, Hob-lench, Ach-Lench, Stanton, Long Marston, Welford, in the several Counties of Worcester, Gloiicester, and Warwick, against the Bill; and that the Committee had "considered of the other Petitions referred to them; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the Report was read; and several of the Amendments being read a Second time, one of them was disagreed with, and others were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with some Amendments to one of them, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Arrfker to Representation on fctate 6f National Debt.

Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Encouraging Committee of the whole House, to consider further of '^meer the Bill for encouraging Seamen who shall enter volun- w tarily into his Majesty's Service.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Strickland took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Strickland reported from the Committee, that they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, at Twelve of the Clock, refblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ilamm&nd'i Debt to the Crown.

Canterbury

Workhousc

Address on Answer.

Mr. Speaker reported, that he did, with the House, Yesterday attend his Majesty, and presented to his Majesty their humble Representation; and that his Majesty was pleased to give this most gracious Answer ‘thereunto; viz.

Gentlemen,

I cannot but be very.Well pleased with this Represen-‘ tation, which must give general Satisfaction to all my People, by removing those groundless Jealousies and Apprehensions which have been propagated and dif-perfect throughout the Kingdom.

The happy Effects of the flourishing State of the publick Credit are too* sensibly felt, and seen, not to be confessed and acknowledged by every body:

And the Provision made for gradually discharging the national Debt, is now become so certain, and considerable, that nothing, but some unforeseen Event, can alter or diminifti it; which gives us the faired Prospect of seeing the old Debts discharged, without any Necessity of incurring new ones:

And you may beaflured, that tt shall be my particular Care and Study to maintain and preserve the publick Credit, to improve the Sinking Fund, and to avoid all Occasions of laying any new Burthens upon my People*

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, to return the most humble Thanks of this House to his Majesty, for his most gracious Answer to their Representation.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, that this House will, Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the wh de House, upon the Bill to enable the Commissioncn of the Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer, for the Time being, to compound with "Thomas Hammond, late of London, Merchant, and his Sureties, for a Debt due to the Crown for Customs on Tobacco and Wines.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee to whom the Bill for erecting a Workhouse in the City of Canterbury, for the better employing and maintaining the poor there, w as committed, be taken into Consideration upon Saturday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vetteris, 12* die Aprilis;

Anno I. Georgii II41 Regis, 1728.

Prayers.

THE House being informed, that Mr. Frecker, from Comndf-the Treasury, attended at the Door; he was called sioners of in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, a Copy of the Repoh made to the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury by Edward Harley and Thomas Foley, Esquires, and by Mr. Nicholas Paxton, dated the Twenty-sixth Day of February, 171!, relating to the Debt due to the Crown from George Townsend, junior, Mountague Bacon, John Attwood, and John Burton, late Commissioners for licensing Hawkers and Pedlars; with several Papers thereunto annexed.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report, together with the Papers thereunto annexed, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The Report, and Papers, are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

&c. Dfbt t« the Crown,

The House (according to Order) resumed the further Consideration of the Report from the Committee to whom the Bill for repairing and amending the several Roads leading to and from the Borough of Evefkam, in the County of Worcester, was committed.

And the residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the Bill, were severally read a Second time, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to one of them, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for impowering the Trustees to compound, or agree by the Year, for a certain Sum, to be paid in lieu of the Toll'.

And the said Clause was twice read, with a Blank; which was filled up.

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon,

Evc(bac|

Roads.

8 i Geo. II.

12° Apr

n t

his

0 3, E'er-.

'Of Vo Ur in-

Hammond*! n- Debt to the

Crown.

J

3

ilan&rj

Demur

Cnm[

upon> agreed unto by the House* to be made Part of the Bill.

And other Amendments were made by the Hfctife to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable the Commissioners of the Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer, for the Time being, to compound with Thomas Hammond, late of London, Merchant, and his Sureties, for a Debt due to the Crown for Customs on Tobacco and Wines.

Mr. Speaker left the Chain

Mr. Vincent took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Vincent reported from the Committee, that thdy had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made feme Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-Morrow Morning.

r Peterborough A Petition of Sir Edward O'Brien, Baronet, was pre-

j Election* fented to the House, and read; felting forth, that at the

lad Election. of Members to lerve in this Parliament for the City of Peterborough, the Lord Fitz Williams, Sidney Wortley Mountague, Esquire, since dead, and the Petitioner, flood Candidates; and the Petitioner was duly elected by a great Majority; but James Pix, Bailiff of the said City, appointed by the Dean and Chapter of Peterborough, admitted several Persons to poll for Mr. Mountague, who had no Right to vote, and refused the Votes of several who offered to vote for the Petitioner, that had a Right to vote; and many other undue Practices were used, to procure Mr. Mountague to be eieded; and he hath returned him, in Wrong to the Petitioner: And praying such Relief in the Premises, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House upon Monday, the Thirteenth Day of May next.

Answer to Mr. Treasurer reported to the House, that their Ad-Addrefr. dreis, of Yesterday, returning the humble Thanks of this House to his Majesty, for his most gracious Answer to their Representation, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty received the same very graciously.

Montgomery Ordered, That the Reports from the Committee of

Election. Privileges and Elections, touching the double Return, and Election, for the Town of Montgomery, in the County of Montgomery, and the Return, and Election, for the Town of Bedford, in the County of Bedford, be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

CroweS Mr. Cornwall reported from the Committee to whom Estate. the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Christopher Crowe, of Woodford Hall, in the County of Essex, Esquire, to fell, or otherwise dispose of, the Mansion-house, called Woodford Hall, and all other his Lands and Hereditaments at Woodford, comprised in his Settlement thereof, he having settled other Lands and Hereditaments in the County of York, of greater Value, to the same Uses, in lieu thereof, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Vol. 21.

The said Bill was read the Third time'.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, Thai: Mr. Cornwall do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Earle (according to Order) reported from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared *o them; touching the Eiedlon for the Borough of Hindon, in the County of Wilts, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which Report be read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the feme was read; and the Report, and Resolutions, arc as follows; viz.

Upon the Petition of Henry Fox, Esquire, and George Fox, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return of George Ikathcote, a,nd Townshend Andrews, Esquire?, to serve for the Borough of Hindoit, in the County of Wilts:

That the Committee had examined the Merits of this Election.

That the Petitioners Counsel alleged, that this is a Borough by Prescription; and that the Right of Election is in the Inhabitants, not receiving Alms.

That the lifting Members Counsel alleged, that the Right of Eiedion is in the Inhabitants of intire Houses, being Housekeepers and Parishioness, hot receiving Alms.

That, on the Petitioners Part.

The Resolution of the House, the 13th of May, \ JOt, in the then controverted Election, was read; when it was resolved, That th Right of Election was in the Inhaf bitants of the Borough, not receiving Aims.

And it appeared by the Evidence then given by James Piflell, and James Gould, that Two Votes had been-admitted for a House that had been divided Two of Three Years.

And the Petitioners Counsel called

Jacob Street; who spoke for Thirty Years; and said, the Right of Election was in al; Housekeepers, not receiving Aims:

And that separate Houses, built upon the Foundation of an old House, were allowed in former Elections to have separate Votes.

' That the fitting Members Counsel called

Wm> Daw j who said, that in Sir George How's Election, Fifty-two Years since, Two Persons who lived in one House, demanded their Votes; but One only was taken by the Bailiff', and t'other refused, though they had separate Doors and Chimneys.

Nicholas Doughty ipoke for Thirty Years; and said, that Houses, that had been divided above Twenty Years, were never disputed upon the Poll, but were rejected when a Scrutiny. , . ‘

John Gilbert said that in a former Election his Father^ was refused, as an Inmate with his Grandfather, tho* they had separate Doors, and separate Chimneys.

Jeremiah Sherlock spoke for Thirty Years; and laid* Inmates were always refused.

That the Committee came to this Resolution; viz.

1. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Right of Election of Burgesses, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Hindon, in the County of Wilts, is in the Inhabitants of Houses within the said Borough, being Housekeepers and Parishioners, not receiving Alms.

That the Poll was,

For the fitting Members; - - 62.

For the Petitioners, - - - 5$.

That to add to the Petitioners Poll Twenty-eight; who tendered their Votes for them and were refused, the Petitioners Counsel called

John Young, Jacob Street, and others; who gave Evidence, that those Twenty-eight were Inhabitants of Houses within the Borough, and were Housekeepers and Parishioners.

That the Petitioners Counsel objected to the fitting Members

Ilindoa

Election.

Hindon

Elc&ion.

*3$

Members Poll; and, to tike frdm thence Sixteen, they ‘called

Elizabeth Gilbert, John Bradshaw, and others; who gave Evidence, that Eight were not Housekeepers.

Lawrence Swift, Jatob Street, and others, gave Evidence, that Five were not Parishioners.

John Sharp {\aief, Augustine Mitchell received Alms.

Jacob Street said,. Thomas Jay, who took the Poll for Vhe fitting Members, and was not sworn, did not declare his Vote, but wrote down his Name for them.

Henry Dukei laid, Luke Granger voted for John Brad-jhaw's Malt-hoqfe.

That the Petitioners Counsel objectedf Partiality in Mr. James Field\ the Bailiff!

And Kicked Brtooood, being examined, said, he heard the Bailiff dedare, that he would take what Votes he thought proper; and that, if he, Erwood, who was an Inhabitant, but no Parishioner, would vote for the fitting Members, he would make him a good Vote:

That he offered his Vote for the Petitioners, and the Bailiff refused him, without giving any Reason.

Benjamin Choijey and Matthew Davys said, that, about Tfcn Days before the Elefiion, they heard the Bailiff declare he would return the fitting Members, if they had but Four Votes.

Wm. Pipe, senior, said, that on the Day before the Election, he heard the fitting Member, Mr. Andrews, say, he had secured the Bailiff; and that they should be returned, if they had but Five or Six Votes.

fjdac Chante said, that he heard the Bailiff, about an Hour after the Elefiion, dedare he would return the fitting Members, though they had but Four Votes.

That, on the fitting Members Part, the following Evidence was offered , viz.

Against Seventeen of the Twenty-eight, which the Petitioners would have added to their Poll,

John Cheverell, Robert White, and others, being examined, gave Evidence, that Four were split Votes.

John Gilbert, James Field, and others, gave Evidence, that Ten were not Housekeepers.

John White and Renatus Farthing gave Evidence, that Two were not Parishioners.

Thomas say laid, John Hills received Alms.

To justity Ten of the Sixteen objefied to, the fitting Members Counsel called

Thomas Tates, Jeremiah Sherlock, and others; who gave Evidence, that Seven were Housekeepers; and that thfe other Three were Housekeepers and Parishoners.

That the fitting Members Counsel objected to Four of the Petitioners Voters.

And it appeared, that George Stephens, one of them, was outlawed in Debt, in London, 11° Anna.

Thotnai Field said, that James Anderson's House was a Stable; but it has now a Chimney to it.

Richard Streep said, Calthrop Gilbert was no Pa-fHhioner.

And Thomas Yates said, Jarvis Gilbert was a Servant. That, to add Two to the fitting Members Poll,

Wm. Tiley, and others, gave Evidence, that John Gil-. ham and Henry Stephehs declared before the Election, that they would vote for the fitting Members, but were afraid of their Lives, or of having the it Houses pulled down.

And as to riotous Proceedings, the fitting Members Counsel called

Richard Bechet; who said, that, kbdufc a Fortnight before the Election, the Mob broke his Wmdows in the Night-time, and declared, it was, because he was for Low-church, meaning the fitting Members:

And, that there w£re great Mobs, both before and after the Elefiion, in favour of the Petitioners.

1 John Ranger said, that a great Mob gathered about the Bailiff s House upon the Elefiion Day, and swore they wotild puli d down, if he did not Return the Petitioners and that, both before and after the Election, the Lives of the Voters against the Petitioners were threatened, if the Petitioners did not succeed: But he could not lay* tny body was bindeted from voting*

V. a

A. 1728.

Jqfeph Lamhy Constable, fetid, he was called upon, to suppress the Riot after the Elefiion; and that they inful ted him; and one [hatched away the Proclamation, which was read; and, when the Witness took him, by a Justice's Warrant, they relcued him:

And, that there were Riots before the Elefiion, but not so bad.

Richard Marsham said, there had been Threats from some of the Peritioners Party, against: those that came up to London about the Elefiton.

That the Petitioners Countel, on their Reply, called

Robert Gray, Esquire j who said, he was at Hindon the Day of the Elefiion, and Three Days before: That there was no Riot or Tumult, only Two or Three Fellows hall looing; and that any body might have gone to poll.

Henry Bemcty Esquire, said he was at Hindon the Evening before the Elefiion, with Mr. Henry Fox, and heard him desire the People to give no Disturbance; and that it was as quiet, as poffiWe, where lo many People were got together.

That the Committee came to the fallowing Resolutions; viz.

4. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee* That George Heathcote, Esquire, is duly defied a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Hindon, in the County of Wilts.

3. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Townshend Andrews, Esquire, is duly defied a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Hindon.

The First Rel'oiution being read a Second time *,

Refolded, That the House doth agree'with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That the Right of Election of Burgesses, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Hindon, in the County of Wilts, is in the Inhabitants \of Houses within the said Borough, being Housekeepers and Parishioners, not receiving Alms.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That George Heathcote, Esquire, is duly defied a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough o(Hindon, in the County of Wilts)

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas.j . }

Tellers for he Noes$£ ££*"' ' }

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Third Resolution being read a Second time; Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Townshend Andrews, Esquire, is duly defied a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Hindon.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, at Twelve of the Clock, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Confederation that Parr of his Majesty's most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, which relates to Greenwich Hospital.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will; upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into- a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned fill Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clocks

180.

l5S*

Greenwich Hospital.

Supply

Ways and Meant.

i Geo. IL 13 Aprilis. 133

Sabbatij 130 die Aprilis;

Anno 1" Georgii Hdi Regis, 1728* Prayers.

Coin or HL ® House being informed, that Mr. dxenford artd Bullion JL Mr. Harnage, from the Commissioners of the Cuf-exported. toms, attended at the Door, they were called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Exports of Gold and Silver, either in foreign Coin, or Bullion, from the Port of London, ixom Christmas, 1722, to Christmas, 1727, distinguishing each Year, and the Places to which the said Exports were made; and also,

An Account of what Gold and Silver, either in foreign Coin, or Bullion, have been exported from all the Ports in England, except London, from Christmas,' 1722, to Christmas, 1727, distinguishing each Year, and the Places, to which the said Exports were made; together with an Account of what has been fi nee entered for Exportation, from all the Ports of England, and for what Places, to the Fifteenth of March, 1 727: And also,

An Account of the Quantities of foreign Coin, and Bullion, entered for Exportation, from the Sixteenth Day o{ January, 1717, to the Fifteenth Day of March, 1727, distinguishing each Year, and the Countries, for which the said Entries were made.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this SeiTion.

Duty on Low Ordered, That the Commissioners of Excise do lay

Wines and before this House, an Account of the Produce of Two Spirits. pence ptr Gallon on low Wines, and Spirits of the First Extraction, drawn from foreign Materials, or any Mixture therewith, for Seven Years last past, distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do lay before this House, an Account of the Produce of Lees of Wine, for Seven Years last past, distinguishing each Year.

Commit The House being informed, that Mr. Parsons, Deputy fioners of to Mr. Foley, one of the Auditors of the Imprefts, at-&c'l>ebt*to 'tenckd at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, tkc Crown, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Copy of the Letter of the Treasury, dated the Thirty-first of January1723, directing the Auditors of the Imprefts, Mr. Cracherode, and Mr. Paxton, to inquire into the Accounts of the Commissioners of Hawkers and Pedlars; and also,

A Copy of the last original Certificate, delivered to the King's Remembrancer by the Auditors of the Imprefts.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Letter and Certificate were read

Ordered, That the said Letter and Certificate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House,

The said Letter and Certificate are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

hclofW An ingrolM fr°iri she Lords, intituled, An Act nc 0 urc. fQr confjrming the Inclosure and Division of the common Fields, and common Grounds, within the Manors and Pari foes of Overton, Longville, and Botolph's Bridge, in the County of Huntingdon, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Sandys, Mr. DraXy Mr. Pturner, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Whit-'worth. Sir Tho. Hales, Mr Budge, Mr. Bond, Mr. Torke, Mr. Tufnell, Lord Limerick, Mr, Orlebar, Mr. Wither, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Edwards, Mr. Compton, Mr. In-Vol.21.

gram, Mr* Hucks, Mr. Potenger, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Monro,

Mr. AJldbie, Lord Marquis of Hartington, Mr. Vernon,

Mr. Bacon, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Campbell,

Sir Edward Knatchbull, Sir Robert Clifton, Mr. Furnefe,

Mr. Wortley, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Ducket, Mr. Lomax,

Mr. Cholmondley, Lord Wm. Powlet, Mr. Alderman Child, Sir John Dutton, Mr. Robinson, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Whitworth, Sir Robert Furnefe, Lord Morpeth,

Mr. Finch, Mr. Daniel Pufteney, Mr. Pacey, Mr. Serjeant Birch; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Northampton and Huntingdon: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Forbes presented to the House, according to Order, Scotch a Bill to explain and amend an Act, polled in the Thirteenth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, c* An Act for Sale of such of the forfeited Estates in that " Part of Great Britain called Scotland, as remain unfold,

" and are vested in the Crown, and for determining " such Claims on* the said Estates, as, having been di^y <c entered, remain undetermined and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Vincent, according to Order, reported from the Hammond's Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to en- ^rown^ able the Commissioners of the Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer, for the Time being, to compound with Thomas Hammond, late of London, Merchant, and his Sureties, for a Debt due to the Crown for Customs on Tobacco and Wines, was committed, the Amendments the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the said Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one, and upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That; the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Abstract, shewing the Produce of the Sinking 0,1 Fund, from the First Establishment thereof, to Michaelmas, 1727, and how the same hath been from time to time applied, distinguishing each Year.

An ingrossed Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty SuPPty B,1l* by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the LaBdT*x. Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty eight, was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill for the First Meeting of the Commissioners, Press 247,

L. 15. to leave out " First" and inlert " Eighteenth."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-eight.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Turner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Bill for Sale of the Estate of Sir Kennedy's Richard Kennedy, Baronet, deceased, in the Kingdom of Estate. Ireland, forfeited during the Life of Sir William Kennedy, his Great Uncle, be read a Second time upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Canterbury whom the Bill for erecting a Workhouse in the City of Workhouse. Canterbury, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor there, was committed, be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

L1 And

*34

13° — 15

A. 1728.

And then tire floufe adjourned till Monday Memingi Nine of the Clock.

Milbank new Churrh.

Lu?i<z, i 50 dk Aprilis;

Anno i9 Georgii IIdi Regis* 1728.

Praters.

K. Clayton, of Simdon, presented to the House* according to Order, a Bill for making Provision for the Rector of the new Church, situate near Milbank, in the Parish of St. Margaret, Westminster, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Thurston and Mr. Masham:

Mr. Speaker,

Tylney's The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Deed of making more effectual a Deed of Appointment, executed ppoiutment [3y Fredrick Tylney, Esquire, late deceased, with respect to Twenty thousand Pounds, and for settling the same for the Purposes herein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then-the Messengers withdrew.

Hammond's An ingrossed Bill to enable the Commissioners of the Deor to the Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer, for the Time rown. being, to compound with Thomas Hammond\ late of London, Merchant, and his Sureties, for a Debt due to the Crown for Customs on Tobacco and Wines, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title ISe, An Act to enable the Commissioners of the Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer, for the Time being, to compound with Thomas Hammond, late of London, Merchant, and 'his Sureties, rfdr a Debt due to the Crown for Custdfofs on Tobbccoand Wines.

Ordered, That 'Mr. Vincent do carry the ' Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

SMibrft Sir Thomas Lyttelton reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of Parc of the Estate of Francis Sheldon, Esquire, a Lunatick, for discharging the Debts and Incumbrances affecting the fame, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, rand found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had 'given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Cleric's Table.

A Petition of John Dormer, Gentleman, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that there is a Bill depending in the House, for Sale of Part of the Estate of Francis Sheldon, Esquire, a Lunatick, for discharging the Debts and Incumbrances affecting she fame: That, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, it will defeat the Petitioners Right: And praying, that he may be heard by Counsel against the Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of Francis Sheldon, Esquire, a Lunatick, for discharging the Debts and Incumbrances affecting the fame, be read the Third time; and that the Petitioner be then heard by his Counsel against the said Bill, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard for the said Bill at the same time.

A Bill for Relief of Hyacinthus Richard Nugent, commonly called Lord Riverfton, in the Kingdom of It elands Was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Fitz-william. Lord Gage, Colonel Bladen, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Hucks, Mr. Wither, Lord *7

Lord

RWcrfton's

Outlawry.

Limerick, Sir James Campbell\ Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Sir Robert Clifton, Mr. Ducket, Mr. Plum#, Mr. Norris,

Lord Percival, Mr. Glanville, Sir Thomas Lyttelton, Mr.

Pulteney, Sir IVm. Strickland, Mr. Clavering*, Mr. Lon-gueville, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Cor nival, Sir Wm. Tonge,

Sir Robert Sutton, Mr. St. John, Mr. Hamilton, Mr.

Duncomb, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Hmgerford, Mr Onslow,

Mr. Wyndham, Mr. Earle, Mr. Palmerftom, Mr. Danvers, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Alderman Child, Mr. Pacey,

Mr. Brereton, Mr. Csefar, Mr. Baron Thomson, Mr.

Campbell, Mr. Monro, Mr. Cholmondley, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Phillips, Sir Michael Newton,

Mr. Potenger, Mr. Oglethorpe, Mr. Bramflon, Sir John Hind Cotton, Lord Wm. Powlet, Mr. (Forte, Mr. Lawson, Sir Thomas Clarke, Mr. Huxley: And they are do meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Landlords, Owners Stepney new of Estates, and Holders of Lands, in the Hamlet of Churches. Spittlefields and Wapping, and several Inhabitants paying to the Church and Poors Rates, and other Inhabitants, Housholders of the said Parishes, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that there is a Bill in the House, for uniting the Moieties, or Portions of the Rectory of St. Dunstan, Stepney, and for making one Rector full Incumbent of the said Rectory, and for converting the Chapel at Poplar into a Parish Church; wherein there is a Clause, to raise' by a Pound Rate, a Sum of Money, towards the Maintenance of the Ministers of the Two new Parishes of Spittlefields and Wapping, upon all the Inhabitants within the Limits of each Parish; which Rate is to be made by the Rector, Churchwardens, and Vestrymen of each Parish; and such Vestries are, by an Act, 10° Anna, 'to be appointed by the Commissioners for building new Churches: That the Petitioners conceive, there is no occaifion for a Pound Rate, to burthen the Inhabitants, as they are ready to malke appear to the House: And praying, that they may be heard by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, before it pass the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for uniting the Moieties or Portions of the Rectory of St. Dunstan, Stepney, alias Stebunheath, artd for making one Rector full Incumbent of the said Rectory, and for converting the Chapel at Poplar into a Parish Church, and appointing a District for a new Parish for the fame, and for the Maintenance of the Ministers of Five new Churches at Stratford, Bow,

Poplar, Spittlefields, Wapping, Stepney, and Limehov.fi, and for restraining the Churchwardens of the said Five neW:Churches from disposing of the Pews, and Places in Pews, without the Consent of the Vestry, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel against the Bill, before the said Committee, if they think fir.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee of the whole House, that they do admit Counsel to be heard for the said Bill at the same time.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this National House, an Account of the net Produce, into the Exche- Debt., quer, of the several Funds, applicable to the sinking the Principal or Payment of the Interest of the national Debt, distinguishing each of the said Funds, and the annual Exceeding, or Deficiency of them respectively, from Lady-day, 1710, to Lady-day, 1717; and also an Account how much the said Deficiencies had, within that Time, been made good by Parliament.

Ordered, That the Trustees for the South Sea Com- South Sea pany do lay before this House, a distinct and particular Company. Account of what Money has been raised out of the Estates and Efiefts of the late South Sea Directors, from the 13th of March, 1723, to the ijtl>o( April, 1728, and what Partthereof then remained undisposed of by the said

8

o

i Geo. II.

i 5<'~i6

Sir

r/j,

4r.

n-

tr.

35

Canterbury

Workhouse.

Stepatvsi!

Churtki|

Encouraging

Volunteer

Seamen.

Commissioners of

said Tru flees; and also an Abstract of al\ such Accounts of the Estates and Effects of the said late Directors, as have been delivered into Parliament; together wkb a particular Account of the Changes and Expences, which have attended the Execution* of the said Tru ft, from the first Establishment thereof to the Fifteenth of April, 1728, distinguishing each Year.

The House proceeded, according to Order, to take into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for erecting a Workhouse in the City of Canterbury, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor there, was committed.

And the Report was read.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and another Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill* with the Amendments, be ingossed.

The Oilier of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for encouraging Seamen, who shall eater voluntarily into his Majesty's Service, being read;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, for preventing Seamen being left in foreign Parts.

Then the House resolved it (elf into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Williani'Strickland took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Strickland reported from the Committee, that they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said BilL

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday, the Thirtieth Day of April instant, at Twelve of the Clock,

And .(he Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed, that the Commissioners for Taxes attended at the Door, they were called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of what Arrears of Land Taxes were (landing out at Michaelmas, 1727, with the Names of the respective Receivers, in whose Hands the said Arrears remained, and what Proceeding has been to eqmp^l the Payments thereof; and also,

An Account of what Arrears of Window Taxes were Handing out at Michaelmas, 1727, with the Names, of the respective Receivers, in whole Hands the said Arrears remained, and what Proceeding has been to compel the Payment thereof.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed, that Mr. Chocke, from the Exchequer, attended at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, An Account of the Money, paid into the Exchequer, arise^, upon the Duty on Coals and Culm, continued l>y an Act, of the Fifth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, for building new Churches, and for the Supply of that Year, from the Twenty-fifth of March, 1719, to the Twenty-fifth of March, 172.8, ajid also an Account, how the same has from time to time been applied, distingui thing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Lnnd and WindowTaX Arrears.

Debt to the Crown.

Duty on Coals, &c.

Hiwkers,&c. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of Charles Townsend, in behalf of George'Townsend, Montague Bacon, John Atwood, and John Burton, late Commissioners for licensing, Hawkers, Pedlars, and petty Chapmen.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 16® die Aprilis;

Anno i° Georgi Ildl Regis, 1728. Prayers.

Evesham, \ N ingossed Bill fop repairing and amending several Ac. Roads. Roads leading to andirom the Borough of Evesham,

in the County of Worcester, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act for repairing and amending several Roads leading to and from the Borough of Evesham, in the County of Worcester.

Ordered, That Sir John Rufhout do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Duty on The House being informed, that some of the Commis-k°w 'Y*ncs sioners of Excise attended at the Door, they were called in, an Sprnu. an(^ at gar> presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, An Account of the Produce of Two Pence per Gallon on low Wines, and Spirits of the first Extraction, drawnfrom any foreign Materials, or any Mixture therewith, for Seven Years last past, each Year being distinct.

And then they withdrew.

Vol. 21.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and Mr. Yard:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estate of Sir Halfwell Tynte, Baronet, and Dame Mary his Wife, in Right of Dame Mary, in Trustees, to be settled to the Uses in their Marriage Articles; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the House be called over upon Thursday, the Second Day of May next.

Ordered, That such Members, as shall not then attend the Service of the House, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That the Order, for reading a Second time Tomorrow Morning, the Bill for Sale of the Estate of Sir Richard Kennedy, Baronet, deceased, in the Kingdom of Ireland, forfeited during the Life of Sir William Kennedy, his Great Uncle, ,be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time upon Wednesday, the First Day of May next.

The House resumed the adjourned Debate upon the Ejc^jons_ Report from, the Committee, appointed to search Prece- personi dents in relation to a Petitioner, claiming a Seat in this chosen for House for one Place, and who is afterwards elected for an0J.er another Place, pending such Petition, and also Precedents in Cafes of such Election, where the first Election is controverted upon the Petition of the Electors.

And a Motion being made, and the Q 'eftion being

put,

Tynte's

Marriage

Articles.

Call of the House.

Kennedy's

Estate.

ij6

i6° Aprilis.

A. 1748.

put. That a Person petitioning, and thereby claiming a Seat in this Houft for one Place, is capable of being elected, and returned* for another Place, pending such Petition j

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

, c.. v f The Lord tVm. Powlet, 7 lellers for the Yeas, JMr . J »9»-

Tellers for the Noes.j^'

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

hi.

Montgomery - Mr. Earle, according to Order, reported from the Election, Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the double Return, and Election, for the Town of Montgomery, in the County of Mont* gomery, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which Report he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read; and the Report, and Resolutions, are as follows; viz.

Upon the double Return of William Corbet, Esquire, and Robert Williams, Esquire, to serve for the Town ' of Montgomery, in the County of Montgomery, and the respective Petitions of the said Mr. Corbet and Mr. Williams;'mutually complaining of the Return, and Election, of each ocher; and also the Petition of several Burgesses of the said Town of Montgomery, and several Burge lies of the Boroughs of Llanidloes, Poole, and Llanvylling, in the County of Montgomery, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and other Burgesses of the said Three Boroughs, complaining that due Notice of the Election was not given to the Burgesses of the said Three last mentioned Boroughs, and that, although their Votes were taken, yet they were unduly prevented joining in the Return of Mr. Williams, which they would have done; and also complaining of the Return of Mr. Corbet, as by the Burgesses of Montgomery only:

The Committee have inspected the said Double Return, and have examined the Merits of this Election.

The Return is by Two several Indentures; viz.

That of Mr. Cdrbet is by Edward Botterell, Esquire, one of the Bailiffs of the Borough of Montgomery, and the Majority of the Burgesses of the said Borough;

And the Return of Mr. Williams is mentioned to be made by John Greenly, Esquire, one of the Bailiffs of the said Borough of Montgomery, and many Burgesses, as well of the said Borough, as of the several Boroughs of Poole, Llanidloes, and Ltanvylling, some of which Burgesses are named in the Body of the Return; and the Return is mentioned to be signed and sealed by the said Bailiff and Burgesses, but is executed by the Bailiff only.

The Counsel for Mr. Corbet insisted, that the Right of Election is in the Burgesses of the Borough of Montgomery only, notwithstanding the last Determination of the House to the contrary.

The Counsel for Mr. Williams, and for the Petitioners in favour of the said Three Boroughs of Poole, Llanidloes, and Llanvylling, called the Out Boroughs, insisted, that the Burgesses of the said Three Out Boroughs have a Right to vote in the Election, equal with the Burgesses of Montgomery.

On Mr. Corbet's Part, Copies of 15 Returns were produced; viz.

4 Feb. 70 Ed. VI. Per balltos et burgenjes liberi burgi de Montgomery, pro nobis, et colit at. burgi n'ri; and the Return is expressed to be made under their common Seal:

28 Jan. i* Eliz. Per ballivos vtlle et lib'tat. de Montgomery, et burgenf. et. alderman, ejufd'm burgi et libertat. pro fe, et co'itat. burgi pradift. And this Return is expressed to be made under the Common Seal of the Borough of

Montgomery:

... 26 Eliz. Copy of a Return, which is much defaced; but it appears to be made at Machinlleth, in com. pradift. per ball?os ville, and others named, turn proJfeip'is, quam

pro om'ibas aliis burgen. ville pradift. and the Power given to the Burgess, returned to Parliament, is, pro fe, et tot. com'itat. vi.

26 Oft. 3c Eliz. A Return, much defaced; but it appears to be made/w balltos burgi Montgomery, and others named, burgenf. ville'de Moun under the Common Seal of the Town:

17 Sept. 39 Eliz. A Return, also much defaced; but appears to be made ex confenfu et ajfenfu of several Perform named, ac totius comitatAs bergi de Montgomery; and the Return is expressed to be made under the Seals of the Persons named therein:

10 Oft. 43 Eliz. A Return, ex affenfu et confenfu, of the Persons named, ac totius burgen. comitat. com. prad. The Power, given to the Burgess returned, is, pro fe, et burgo pradift. and the Return is expressed to be made under the Seals of the particular Persons named therein:

19 December, 18 Jac. I. A Return by the Bailiffs of the Borough of Montgomery, and others therein named, Burgesses of the Town or Borough of Montgomery; and the Power given to the Burgess, returned to Parliament, is, pro fe, et com'u'itat. villa de Mountgomery prad. el omnibus all. vill. de com. p)‘ad. and this lleturnMS expressed to be made under the Seals of the Bailiffs and Burgesses prad. villa:

3 Car. I. A Return by the Bailiffs of the Borough of Montgomery, and the Burgesses of the Town or Borough of Montgomery aforesaid: The Power given to the Burgess, returned to Parliament, is, pro fe, el com. villa de Montgomery pradift. et- om'ibus al. vill. de com. prad. and the Return is expressed to be made under the Seals of the Bailiffs and Burgesses pradift. vill.

24 Oft. 16 Car. I. A Return by the Bailiffs of Montgomery, and others therein named, Burgesses of the Town or Borough of Montgomery; and the Power given to the Burgess, returned to Parliament, is, pro fe, et com'itat. villa de Montgomery pradift. et omnibus aliis vill. de prad. And this Return is expressed to be made under the Seals of the Bailiffs and Burgesses aforesaid of the Town aforesaid:

6 May, 13 Car. 2d'1: A Return per balltos burgi de Montgomery, and several Persons named therein, cummultis aliis: And the Power given to the Burgess, returned to Parliament, is, pro fe; et eadem villa de Montgomery prad. et omnibus al. vill. in com. prad. and the Return is expressed to be made under the Seals of the Bailiffs and Burgesses aforesaid of the Town aforesaid:

18 Feb. 31 Car. 2di: A Return of Edward Lloyd, Esquire, per burgesses feperal. burgor. de Montgomery prad. Poole, et Llanvylling, in com. prad. (who are named in the Return) cum mult is aliis burgenjibus prad. feperal. burgor. in toto attingen. ad numerum ducent. et novendecim personar. exijien. major pars burgenf feperal. burgor. prad. qui electioni prad. interfuer.

Another Return (the same Date, 18 Feb. 310 Car. II.) of Mathew Pryce, Esquire, per ballivos villa five burgi de Mountgomery, and several other Persons therein named; cum multis al. exijien. burgenf. villa five burgi prad. and t he Power given to the said Mr. Pryce, so returned, is, pro fe, et communitate villa Jive burgi prad.

6 Oft. 31 Car. 2di: A Return of Mathezv Pryce, Esquire, in the same Form, as that last mentioned:

15 Mar. 33 Car. II. A Return of Mathew Price, Esquire, in the same Form:

4 Apr. i° Jac. II1: A Return of William Williams, Esquire, by the Bailiffs and Burgesses of the Borough of Montgomery; with Power pro fe, et co'iatate burgi prad.

15 Jan. 1688 A Return of Charles Herbert, Esquire, to the Convention Parliament, under the Hands of the Bailiffs of Montgomery, and the common Seal of that Town, Notice being given to the Burgesses.

The Act of Parliament, 27 H. VIII. c. 26. S. 29. was read; whereby it is enacted, " That the Burgesses Fees " be levied and gathered, as well of the Boroughs and " Shire Towns, as they be Burgesses of, as of all other <€ ancient Boroughs within the Tame Shires/'

Also the Act, 3 5 H. VIII. r. 11. S. 3. was read; whereby

it

28.

given / t

tap-

pers

non

but

ons

the

the

he

he

)f

I,

J

i Geo. II.

i 6° Aprilis.

'll

it is enacted, " Forasmuch as the Inhabitants of all Cities and Boroughs in every the Twelve Shires within u Wales, and in the County of Monmouth, not. finding " Burgesses for the Parliament themselves, must bear and €i pay the Burgesses Wages within the Shire Towns of <c and in every the said Twelve Shires in Waleand in the said County of Monmouth, that, from the Beginning <c of the said Parliament, the Burgesses of all and every of " the said Cities, Boroughs, and Towns, which be, and 4C shall be, contributory to the Payment of the Burgesses " Wages of the said Shire Towns, shall be lawfully admonished by Proclamation, or otherwise, by the " Mayors, Bailiffs, and other head Officers, of the said " Towns* or by one of them, to come and to give their " Elections, for the defiling of the said Burgesses, at €i such Time and Place lawful and reasonable, as shall " be assigned for the same Intent by the said Mayors, iC Bailiffs, and other head Officers, of the said Shire of Towns, or by one of them; in which Elections the " Burgesses shall have like Voice and Authority to elect,

" name and chuse, the Burgesses of every the said Shire " Towns, like, and in such Manner, as the Burgesses of €€ the said Shire Towns have or ule."

And the Counsel for Mr. Corbet called the following Witnesses: viz.

Moses Powell; who spoke for 50 Years; and said, the Right of Election was always taken to be in the Burgesses of Montgomery only; and that Mr. Herbert's Election to the Convention Parliament was by thofeBurgeffes only; but there was no Opposition; none of the Out Burgesses claimed then, as he saw; and that he had heard several ancient People, who are since dead, say, that the Right of Election was in the Burgesses of Montgomery: That Price Devereux, Esquire, was, after the Convention, elected by the Burgesses of Montgomery only; but that no Oppofi-tion had been since the Convention.

Being cross-examined, he said, he had heard of a disputed Election in King "James the 2d's Time; when Mr. Williams was chole by the Burgesses of Montgomery, and Mr. Herbert by those of the Out Boroughs:

That Mr. Dcvercux, was chose Three times; and the Second time he gave^.10. to each of the Out Boroughs, to vote, and sign the Return:

That he did not remember any contested Election; nor did he know that ever any Burgesses of the Out

Boroughs voted, or offered to vote.

Morrice James spoke for 46 Years; and said, that Mr. Charles Herbert was returned to the Convention Parliament by the Burgesses of Montgomery only; and that he had heard several old People say, that the Burgesses of Montgomery had paid their Members Wages, and that they only had the Right of Eiefition: That the Burgesses of the Out Boroughs had voted: Thar, when Mr. De-vereux flood, the Bailiffs desired the Out Burgesses might vote, that he might be returned by them all: That he heard Mr. Devereux say, he would rather have One Burgess of Montgomery, than Twenty of Pool: That there was no Opposition in the Election to the Convention Parliament; Six or Seven from Pool then offered to vote, and were refilled: That Out Burgesses were taken against Mr. Mason in 1705, when he, and Mr. Vaughan, flood.

Richard Powell lpoke for 60 Years; and laid, that his Mailer, Mr. Whittingham, the Town-clerk, told him, that the Ele<ftion of Mathew Priie, Esquire, about 50 Years since, was by the Burgesses of Montgomery only: That Mr. Lloyd, in Opposition, brought some Men from Pool; but their Votes were refused: That he had heard, old Men lay, none had a Right to vote, but the Burgesses of Montgomery; and that they had coJlcdted Money at Montgomery, in King Charles the Second's Time, for the Burgesses Wages; but none was collected of the Out Burgesses.

Charles AJpfon, Esquire, said, that he served for Montgomery about 25 or 2 6 Years since, and demanded his Wages of the Bailiff of Welsh Pool, who refused to pay; but he owned, he had no Certificate: That he excused thofirof Montgomery, became they were his Friends: That Vqi. 21.

be did not believe, the Out Boroughs had a Right to vote: Montgomery That Mr. Vaughan, and the Out Boroughs petitioned Elation, against him; and the Petition was heard, and the Right of the Out Boroughs was not questioned, because they agreed:

That the Bailiffs of Montgomery sent the Serjeants, to give Notice of the filedion to the Out Boroughs, and some of them were admitted at his Eiefition; and he had beard, their first Claim was in King James the id's Time.

The Counsel for Mr. Corbet admitted, that the Three put Boroughs, before named, were ancient Boroughs before; the Statute of the 27 Hen. VIII. but infilled, that they had only a conditional Right of voting, in case they paid to the parliamentary Wages; which they not having done, they had no Right to vote.

The Counsel for Mr. Williams, and for the Burgesses of the said Three Out Boroughs, infilled, that those Burgesses had an equal Right to vote with the Burgesses of Montgomery; and that those Put Burgesses were equally liable by Law to the parliamentary Wages, and mignr be compelled to pay the same; and that they had anciently contributed thereto, when Wages were taken.

They urged, that several of th? Returns before-mentioned, produced on the other Side, did manifest the Right of the Out Boroughs, particularly those of 10 October , 43 Eliz. 19 December, \ 8 Jac. I. 3 Car. 1 and 24 October, 16 Car. I. besides which, they produced Copies of Thirteen other Returns; viz.

12 Mar. 2 Will. & Mar. A Return per balii'os villa Jive burgi de Mountgomery, and others named; cum mult is aliis person. exijlen. burgenf. villa five burgi pradiR. et burgenf. feperal burg or. Lanidloes, Poolet and Llanvyl-ling; with Power pro fe, et comunitate villa five burgi pradift. under the Seals of the Voters:

Which Return appears to be signed by the Two Bailiffs of Pool, the Bailiff, and another, of Lianvylling, and the Mayor of Llanidloes:

18 November, 3 Wm. £s? Mary: Another in the same Form, and signed by the Bailiffs of Pool, and the Bailiff of Lianvylling, who are named to be of those Places in the Body of the Return;

13 November, 7 Will. Another in the same Form with the last mentioned Return, and signed in Four distinfii Columns:

The First by the Bailiffs, and Twelve Burgesses, of Montgomery;

The Second by the Mayor of Llanidloes, and Four Burgesses;

The Third by the Bailiffs of Pooland Six Burgesses of that Borough;

And the Fourth Column by the Bailiffs cf Lianvylling, and Four Burgesses of that Borough:

i° Augusti, 10 Will. Another in the same Form, and signed in Columns for the Four Boroughs respectively, as the last mentioned Return, but with more Voters for each Borough:

And the Names of the respective Boroughs are inferred in the Body of the Return, by way of Addition to the Names of the Voters, signing the same:

27 January, 12 Willielmi Six Returns in the fame

16 December, 13 Willielmi :\ Form as the J alt-men -25 July, i° Anna: I tioned Return, and signed

13 May, 7* Anna: 1 in the same Manner, in

16 October, 90 Anna: I didindt Columns for the

8 September, 12* Anna: J Four Boroughs respectively:

18 May* 40 Anna: A Return by the Bailiffs of Montgomery, and others; cum multis aliis personis exijlentibus burgenfibus villa five burgi prad. et burgenfibus feperal burgor. Llanidloes, Poole, et Llanvylling; with Power, pro fe, et commit at. villa five Burgi prad.

14 Feb. i° Geo. imi: / Two Returns by the Bailiffs of 7 Apr. 8# Geo. I. J Montgomery, and others, in the fame Form, as the last before-mentioned Return.

Several Persons are named in the Bodies of the Returns to be of each of the said Four Boroughs respectively;

And they signed the Returns, with the Additions of their respective Boroughs accordingly.

Mm And

138

i6*Apr

A. 1728*

"tgotiwry Humphry Tarry, Town Clerk of Llanvylling, being An Amendment was proposed to be made, by leaving

kdion' called, produced several Notices, in Writing, from the out the Word "only," and inserting, instead thereof. Bailiffs of Montgomery to the Borough of Llanvylling, of " and in the Burgesses of the several Boroughs of the Elections for Montgomery in the following Years; v" loes, Poole, and Llanvylling."

1660, 169:7, 1698, 1700, 1705, 1710, 1714, 1722. And the Question being put, That the Word "only" Which Notices were admitted by the Counsel for Mr. ' stand Part of the said Resolution;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Teller, so, he

rp r . XT I Mr. Winning ton,

Tellers for the Noes, j Mr

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Com-

Corbet,

The last Determination of the House, as to the Right of Election for this Town, was read; viz.

10 Junti, 1685,7 When it was adjudged, upon a

V Jac. 2dl: ^Hearing at the Bar, That the Election of a Burgess, to serve in Parliament for this Town of Montgomery did not belong to the Burgesses of Montgomery only; and,

} l4S-] ‘19-

That the several Burgesses of the several B.oroughs of mittee, in the said Resolution, That the Right of Elec-

'Uanidloes, Poole, and Llanvylling had a Right to vote in the Election of a Burgess, to serve in Parliament for the khire Town of Montgomery.

And the following Witnesses were called, and examined; viz.

Morgan Edwards, Esquire, who spoke for 38 Years; and said, he had been at several Elections, when the Out Burgesses voted, and signed the Returns: He never saw them refused, and has heard, they had a Right: That, when he was Mayor of Llanidloes, in 1713, and 1714, the Bailiffs of Montgomery lent him Notice, in Writing, of the Election; and he /H ide Proclamation of it: That he had it by Tradition, that Llanidloes had paid to the Members.

Edmund Hall spoke for 60 Years; and said, the Out Boroughs used to poll at Montgomery: That they polled

tion of a Burgess, to serve in Parliament for the Shire Town of Montgomeryis in the Burgesses of the said Shire Town only.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Commirtee, in the said Resolution, That William Corbet, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire Town of Montgomery.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to ^mend the Return for the Town of Montgomery, in the County of Montgomery, by taking off the File the Indenture by which Robert Williams, Esquire, is 'Returned a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the* said Town.

Mr. Earle (according to Order) reported from the

at the Election of Mathew Price, Esquire, before King ^Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as James's Time, without any Objection. 1 — j — — 1

Being cross-examined, he said, he did not fee* them poll, but saw them go into the Hall; and the common Report of the Town was, that they voted.

John Greenly, Esquire, the Bailiff, who returned Mr.

Williams, being examined, said, that, about a Month or Six Weeks before the Election, he wrote to Mr. 'Hickman, Deputy Bailiff, to give Notice to the Out Boroughs of the Day of Election; and that Proclamation was made, for all the Our Boroug; s to vote, and no Objection was made by the Candidates: That feme of the Out Boroughs voted for Mr. Corbet: That Mr. Corbet demanded a Scrutiny, but did not prosecute it; and that it was as -^peaceable an Election, as ever he saw.

Wytham Jones, a Burgess of Llanidloes, said, he, and Seven or Eight of his Friends, voted for Mr. Corbet.

John Pugh, Esquire, said, he had served in Five several Parliaments for Montgomery, and always under flood that the Out Botoughs had a Right to vote, and never knew them questioned, but once in 1714, when Mr. Herbert stood against him: That he had the Majority with the

it appeared to them, touching the Return, and Election, for the Town of Bedford, in the County of Bedford, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which Report he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read; and the Report, and Resolutions of the Committee, are as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of Samuel Ottgley, and James Metcalfe! Esquires, complaining of an undue Return of John Orlebar, and John Thnrloe Brace, Esquires, to serve for the Town of Bedford, in the County of

Bedford; and also the Petition of several Burgesses,

Freemen, and Inhabitants, in behalf of themselves, and many other Burgesses, Freemen, and Inhabitants, of the said Town, complaining of the said

: Return, and El eft ion:

That the Committee heard Counsel for the Petitioners, and also fbr Mr. Orlebdr. none appearing for Mr. Brace.

It was objected that Mr, Ong/ey was, by an Office in the Customs, Jdiiajbled to fit, or claim to fit, in Parliament. i:; J

Out Boroughs, and was returned; ‘and Mr. Herbert had It appeared by the Ctiftom-house Book, intituled, the Majority without them. '* 1 ‘‘Coal Establishment, that on the 2idof June, 172,1,

The Counsel for Mr. Corbet, on their Reply, observed, M‘r. Ong/ey Was, by the Commissioners of the.Customs, that the Notice given by the Bailiffs of Montgomery, dated appointed to an Office in the Customs under their Direc-the 10th of April, 1660, to the Bailiffs and Burgesses of tion, vizOde of the'Fifteen Sea-coal. Meters, for the Llanvylling, was signed by Richard Price, and R. Morgan, Duties'uponjDoals, Culm, arid Cinders, imported into

and the Return, the 6th of May following, was by John Whittingham, and John Mason, Bailiffs.

The Committee came to the following Resolution; viz.

i: Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, the Customs for the Time being, and to promote and That the Right of Election of a Burgess, to serve an improve the said Revenue; which Bond was produced Parliament for the Shire Town of Montgomery, is in the uncancelled.

the Port "of London'.'

And the next Dky he gave Bond to the King, for the due Execution of that Offide, according to such Inflections as should be received from the Commi ffi oners of

Burgesses of the said Shire Town only.

It was admitted by the Counsel, that the Majority, which Mr. Williams had upon the Poll, was made by the Burgesses of the Out Boroughs; and that Mr. Corbet had the Majority of the Burgesses of Montgomeryv Whereupon the Committee came to this Refoiiition:

And it appeared by the Custom-house Roll, that on the 27th of the same June he took, and subscribed, the Oath of Office before Two of the Commissioners of the Customs.

To which Point of Disability the Counsel on both Sides were heard; and the Act, ia° 13* Willielmi

2. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, cap. 10, against Officers in the Customs fitting in Parli.a That William Corbet, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess, ment, was read.

to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire Town

of Montgomery.

The First of the said Resolutions being read a Second time;

And no Surrender of the said Office before the Election appearing;

The Committee came to the following Resolution j-'viz.

Kejolved\

Bed fori

Elc&iwu

8.

ing

cof,

r

i Geo. II.

\& — iq°Aprili$

139

Return for the Town of Bedford, in the County of Bedford.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That iSamuel Ongley, Esquire, having an Office, touching collecting the Customs, at the Time of t)ie Election of Burgesses, to serve in thisprefenc Parliament for the Town A Petition of the Cordwainers, Sadlers, Curriers, and Leather of Bedford, in the County of Bedford, is incapable of others, belonging to the Leather Trade, in the Town Trade* claiming to fit in Parliament for the said Borough. and County of the Town of Nottingham, was presented

The Counsel being acquainted with the said Resolu- to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners

have great Reason to leek the Relief of the House, to

tion, they did admit, that Mr. Orlebar and Mr. Metcalfe were duly elected.

And no Defence being made for Mr. Brace;

The Committee came to the following Resolutions;

viz.

cdW

Stepney New Churches.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That John Thurloe Brace, Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Bedford, in the County of Bedford

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That John Orlebar, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Town of Bedford.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That James Metcalfe, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Town of Bedford.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return for the Town of Bedford, in the County of Bedford, by Jafing out the Name of John Thurloe Brace, Esquire, and inserting the Name of James Metcalfe, Esquire, instead thereof.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put. That Mr. William Lake, senior, late Mayor of the Town of Bedford, in the County of Bedford, by not returning James Metcalfe, Esquire, a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Town, is guilty of a manifest Violation of the Laws made lor preventing false Returns, in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yea* fSir Hy,lde Cotttn'

1 ellers lot the lea.^ Mr Williams Wynn :] Z'

Tellers for the Noe ?73*

(JAr.Lawson: y°

So it passed in the Negative.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday, the First Day of May next, resolve itl'eif into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for uniting the 'Moieties, or Portions, of the Rectory of St. Dunstan,

*Stepney, alias Stebunheath, and for making one Rector full Incumbent of the said Rectory; and for converting the Chapel of Poplar into a Parish Church, and appointing a Dilirict, or a new Pari lit, for the fame; and for the 'Maintenance of the Ministers of Five new Churches at Stratford (Bow), Poplar, Spittle fields, Wapping (Stepney), and 'Lime house; and for retraining the Churchwardens of the said Five new Churches trom dispoiing of the Pews, and Places in Pews, without the Consent of the Vestry; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii,

170 die Aprilis \

di Regis, 1728.

Returns

amended.

Anno i° Georgii 2 Praters.

THE Clerk of the Crown attended, and (according to Order) amended the Return for the Town of Montgomery, in the County of Montgomery; and the VOL. 21.

prevent the undue tanning and dressing of Leather, and ‘

the unlawful cutting and galhing of Hides, for want of proper Officers to examine into such Crimes, to the great Discredit of our Manufactures abroad, and intolerable Damage at home: That the Scarcity of Bark is the only Reason of the undue tanning of Leather; and, if some timely Provision be not made to preftrve Bark in the Forest of Sherwood (once an entire Grove) that Trade mult unavoidably drop in the Town of Nottingham:

And praying such Relief in their Grievances, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. John Campbell presented to the House (according Edinburgh to Order) a Bill to explain the Acts, of the Third and Ninth Years of his late Majesty's Reign, for continuing (u'u om8‘ the Duty of Two Penies Scots on every Pint of Ale and Beer, fold in the City of Edinburgh, in relation to the Payment of the petty Port Customs; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Lowtlier, Baronet, have ieaveof Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extra- Absence^ ordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That the Lord How have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That Mr. Tremayne have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Stanley, Baronet, have Leave to go inro the Country for a Month, upon extra* ordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. William Gwyn Vaughan have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Mr. Cornewallreported from the Committee, to whom Coantefs of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Shaftesbury settle a Jointure on Susanna, Countess of Shaftesbury, Jomlure-Wife of Anthony, Earl of Shaftesbury, in lieu and bar of her Dower, or Thirds, at Common Law, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

The said Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Corneivall do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

The Lord Viscount Limerick reported from the Com- Cherruirtoa mittee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, inclosure. intituled, An Act for appointing Commissioners to make a Division of certain common Fields, Lands, and Wastes, in the Parish of Cherrington, in the County of Gloucester, among the Proprietors, in order to inclose the fame, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment:

And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

The

140

170 Aprilif.

A. 1728.

Debtors

petition.

The said Bill was head the third time. appointed to put in Execution tart an Act, passed in

Resolved, That the Bill do pass. the Thirteenth Year of the Kei^n of his late Majesty

Ordered, That the Lord Viscount Limerick do carry King George the First, for repairing the Roads leading

' ' from Birmingham, in the County of Warwick) to and from the several Places in the said Act mentioned, to repair the Road from Great Bridge, in the County of Stafford, to Coaljley, in the said County, be read a Second time upon Saturday, the Fourth Day of next.

the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Tynte's

Marriage

Articles.

Bricks and Tiles making.

Winchelsea

Writ.

Coalfley,

&c.

A Petition of the distressed iiifolvent Debtors, near Five hundred in Number* Prisoners in the Marshalsea Prison, Southwark, in behalf of themselves, and many Thousands Debtors in the several Gaols of this Kingdom, was presented to the House* and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners are in a starving Condition, through the Rigour of their Creditors, who refuse all Offers made to them, althbugh the Petitioners are willing to satisfy them, as fer as their Effects will reach: That, if Starving, or a lingering Death, could be of any Advantage to their Creditors, otherwise than to gratify their Passion, their Conduct could not be blamed; but a Prison will pay no Debts: But the Blessings which attend this Kingdom, by the happy Accession of his present Majesty to the Crown, which gives his People the utmost Joy, so the poor Prisoners, confined in their respective Gaols, hope to partake thereof, with the rest of their Fellow-subjects, by their Releasement: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for their Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estate of Sir Halfwell Tynte, Baronet, and Dame Mary, his Wife, in Right of Dame Mary, in Trustees, to be settled to the Uses in their Marriage Articles, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for the more effectual preventing Abuses in the making of Bricks and Tiles, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Child$ Mr. Treasurer, Lord Wm. Powlet, Sir Archer Croft, Mr. Corbet, Sir John Norris, Sir Wm. Wyndhant, Mr. Oglethorpe, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Harrison, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Hacks, Mr. Cornwall, Sir Roger Meredith, Sir James Thornhill, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Compton, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Norris, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Forbes, Mr. P turner, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Law-Jon, Sir Wilfrid Lazvfon, Mr. Bacon, Sir John Rushout, Sir Edward Knatchbull, Mr. Par Jons, Mr. White, Lord Gage, Mr. Ja comb, Mr. Pringle, Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Baron Thomson, Lord Finch, Mr. Fox, Mr. Serjeant Birch, Mr. Gregory, Lord Malpas, Mr. Effington, Mr. Gybbon, Sir Wm. Strickland, Mr. Dockminiaue, Mr. Newland, Mr. Scrope, Mr. Tilfon, Mr. Kelfall, air Gilbert Heathcote, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Mr. Tufton, Mr. Finch, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Cafar, Mr. Hunger ford; and all the Members, that serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Sujex, Essex, and Kent: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed, that they have Power to receive a Clause, for preventing the use of Spanish in the making of Bricks.

Sir Archer Croft, Baronet, being chosen a Com-baron for the Town of Winchelsea, in the County of Sussex, and also a Burgess for the Borough of Berea/fton, in the County of Devon, made his Election to serve for the said Borough of Berealfton.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Com-baron, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Town of Winchelsea) in the room of the said Sir Archer Croft.

Ordered, That the Bill for impowering the Trustees

Sir William Tange reported from the Committee, to Prosecutions whom the Petition of the principal and other Inhabitants for fusing it of the Town and County of Poole, and also the Petition uncuflom€(i

Goods.

of the principal and other Inhabitants of the Town of Harwich, and also the Petition of the principal and other Inhabitants of Portsmouth, Gosport, Portsea, and other neighbouring Parishes, in the County of Southampton, were referred $ that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House*:

, And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as follows; viz.

That the Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, dated the lift Day of Marchfoft., proceeded to examine the Matter of the said Petitions;

And, by the Evidence of several Persons, it appeared.

That the Towns of Pooleg Harwich, Portsmouth, &c. are very much impoverished, and the Trade lessened, by reason, that several of the unhappy Inhabitants, who, through Ignorance, or Inadvertency, either run, imported, or bought, Goods, which had not paid the Duties, are now confined in Prison, and very few of them, if any, capable of making any Composition or Satisfaction for the same; and that several of the Persons, having given Bail, are run away5 and most of the People under Prq-fecution are seafaring Men, who, in regard to their own Safety, will in all Probability be induced, if not thereby obliged, to withdraw themselves out of his Majesty's Dominions, as many of them have already done.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.,

Rafolved, That this House will, upon Thursday, the Second Day of May next, resolve itfelrinto a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customsdo attend the said Committee of the whole House, upon Thursday, the Second Day of May next.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do lay before this House, an Account of what Sums have been recovered against Persons for Duties, or Penalties, for run Goods, since the Twenty-fifth Day of December,

17*3.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do lay before this House, an Account of the several Compositions, made with Persons who were prosecuted for any Duties, or Penalties, for run Goods, since the Twenty-fifth Day of December, 1723.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do lay before this House, an Alphabetical List of the Names of such Persons, as are now under Prosecution for the Duties, or Penalties, for run Goods, since the Twenty-fifth Day of December, 1723.

Ordered, Th^it the Commissioners of the Customs do lay before this House, an Account of the Expences of Prosecutions for run Goods, and Duties, from Michael-maS) 1723, Lady-day, 1728.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Borourhs and Mr.

Tard:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Supply- Bill; for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to LaadTax* be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-eight, without any Amendment.

And than the Messengers withdrew.

The

GOO^l

i8.

I in

ng

nd

"e*

id

i ^fdaa»i j uncuftf^j

Gooci

i Geo. II. 170

H1

Encouraging The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Volunteer Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Seamen. the J3j]j for encouraging Seamen, who shall enter voluntarily into his Majesty's Service.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Strickland took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Strickland reported from the Committee, that they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, at Half an Hour after Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Leominster A Motion was made, That Sir Archer Craft, Baronet, Election. be at Liberty to withdraw his Petition, complaining of an undue Ele<flion and Return for the Borough of Leomin-Jler, in the County of Hereford: —

Royal Assent A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Charles Dalton, to Bills. Gentleman-usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend his Majesty immediately in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty in the House of Peers:

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, that the House had attended his Majesty in the House of Peers; and that his Majesty had been pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several publickand private Bills following; viz.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-eight: An Act for repairing the Road from the Powder Mills on Hounslow Heath, in the County of Middlesex, to a Place called Basingstoney near the Town of Bagshot, in the Parish of Windlesham} in the County of Surrey:

An Act to settle a Jointure on Susannay Countess of Shaftesbury, Wife of Anthony, Earl of Shaftefhury, in lieu and bar of her Dower, or Thirds, at common Law:

An Act to enable the Guardians of the Lord George Bentinckey Second Son of Henry, late Duke of Portlandy to make Leases of certain Houses, Grounds, and Tenements, in Soho, during the Minority of the said Lord George, for making Provision for his Maintenance, and for other Purposes therein, mentioned:

An Act for confirming the Partitions of the Estates, late of Sir William Davie, Baronet, deceased, among his Co-heirs, and for settling their Shares thereof, in Severalty, to the same Uses, to which their several undivided Parts thereof, flood limited before the Partition:

An Atl for veiling the Estate of William Bromley, Esquire, and Mary his Wife, lying at Stindon, in the County of Bedford, in Trustees, to be sold, pursuant to an Agreement in their Marriage Settlement:

An Act to enable Christopher Crowey of Woodford Hally in the County of Essex, Esquire, to fell, or otherwise dispose of the Mansion-house, called Woodford Hally and all other his Lands and Hereditaments at Woodford, comprised in his Settlement thereof, he having settled other Lands and Hereditaments in the County of York, of greater Value, to the same Uses, in lieu thereof:

An Act to enable the Guardians of Anna Elizabetha Bealing, an Infant, about Four Years old, appointed by this Act, to grant Building Leases of her Fourth Part and Share of and in certain Messuages, Ground, and Hereditaments, in or near the Parish of St. Andrew Holborn, in the County of Middlesex:

An Act for vesting the Manors of Sherfieldy and divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Southampton, the Estate of Granville Wheler, Esquire, in Trustees, discharged of the Uses in a former Settlement, he having Vo u 21.

settled an Estate in the County of Kent to the same Uses, in lieu thereof:

An Act to enable Thomas Broivn, Gentleman, to make Building Leases of his Estate in the Town of Manchssler, in the County of Lancaster:

An Act for appointing Commissioners to make a Division of certain common Fields, Lands, and Wastes, in the Parish of Cherrington, in the County of Gloucester, among the Proprietors, in order to inclose the same:

An Act for naturalizing John Lanove.

Ordered, That Sir Archer Crofts Baronet, be at Liberty to withdraw his Petition, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Leominflery in the County of Hereford.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for encouraging Seamen, who shall enter voluntarily into his Majesty's Service.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Strickland took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Strickland reported from the Committee, that they had made a farther Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday, the First Day of May next, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to his Majesty, being read;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Debt of his Majesty's Navy, as it flood on the Thirty-first of December, 1727, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Surplusses, dated at Lady-day, 1727, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Surplusses, stated at Michaelmas, 1727, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That his Majesty's most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refamed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday, the Twenty-ninth Day of April instant.

Sir Charles Turner also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday the Twenty-ninth Day of April instant, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday, the Second Day of May next, at Twelve of the Clock, and nothing to intervene, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration that Part of his Majesty's most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, which relates to Greenwich Hospital.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday, the First Day of May next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty:

Nn Ordered,

Leominster

Election.

Encouraging

Volunteer

Seamen.

Supply.

Greenwich

Hospital.

Ways and Meant.

u.

142

'Wnth of Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House,

Deserted Qf Wages, which were due to such Seamen, as have b*ame*' deserted his Majesty's Service from Ships now in Sea Pay.

And then the House adjourned till Monday, the Twenty-ninth Day of April instant. Nine of the Clock in the Morning.

Lunae, 2 90 die;

Anno i* Georgii II" Regis, 1728.

1728.

Gybbon, Mr. Pulliney, Mr. Fane, Lord Mr. Pacey, Sir Charles Wager, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Holland, Mr. Compton, Mr. Talbott, Mr. Manfell, Sir Tho. Sebright, Mr. Gwyn Vaughan, Mr. Vyner, Sir Nicholas Williams, Mr. Williams, Mr. Owen, Mr. Campbell, Sir Wm. Wyndham, Mr. Lumley, Sir James Campbell, Lord Vane, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Pitt, Sir John Hind Cotton, Mr. Waller, Sir Charles Kemys, Sir Walter Bagott, Mr. Edwards, Mr. Master, Mr. Bowles; and all the Members, that serve for the Counties of Somerset and Devon: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

170 — 2 90

Prayers.

Lees of Wine. House being informed, that Mr. Oxenford,

A from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, An Account of the Produce of the Lees of Wine, for Seven Years last past, distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Se/lion.

Milbank A Bill for making Provision for the Rector of the jicw Church, new Church, situate near Milbank, in the Parish of St. Margaret, Westminster, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Bricks A Petition of the Mailer and Wardens of the Com-and Tiles pany of Tilers and Bricklayers of the City of London, in 1,14 ,n£- behalf of the said Company, was presented to the House,

and read; setting forth, that by the Bill now depending in the House, for the more effectual preventing Abuses in the making of Bricks and Tiles, the Petitioners apprehend, that the Powers, vested in them by an Act, made in the Reign of King Edward the 4th, and by Charter from Queen Elizabeth, which Powers were confirmed by an Act, 12° Geo. Iml, will in great measure be repealed; and that the Powers of searching for bad Bricks, being, by the said Bill to tie vested in the Justices of the Peace, will not be sufficient to answer the Purposes intended thereby; and the Methods, for recovering the Penalties in the Courts of Westminster, will occasion so many Suits, as will render the said Bill ineffectual: And praying, that they may be heard by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for the more effectual preventing Abuses in the making of Bricks and Tiles, is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel before the said Committee, against the said Bill, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Inllruftion to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard for the said Bill at the same time.

Tynte's An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Marriage for veiling the Estate of Sir Halfwell Tynte, Baronet, and

Articles. Dame Mary, his Wife, in Right of Dame Mary, in

Trullees, to be settled to the Uses in their Marriage Articles, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Winnington, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Sandy s, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Byng, Mr. Cornwall, Sir Geo. Oxen den, Mr. Booth, Mr. Whitworthy Mr. Lifter, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Wither, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Duckett, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Onslow$ Mr.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Tylney's for making more effectual a Deed of Appointment, Decd of executed by Frederick Tylney, Esquire, late deceased, ppomlment-with respect to Twenty thousand Pounds, and for settling the same for the Purposes herein mentioned, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Owners and Mailers of Ships, and Prosecutions other Inhabitants, dwelling within, and near, the Port of for dealing Exeter, and trading to Newfoundland, and several other Parts beyond the Seas, was presented ro the House, and tome 00 read; setting forth, that of late a great Number of Prosecutions have been carried on against Mariners, on several penal Acts of Parliament, made against clandestine running of Goods, and, particularly, against several, for Offences committed for many Years pall; whereby many of them are imprisoned, but the greatest Part of them have left their Families poor and destitute, by forsaking the Kingdom, and entering into foreign Service, to avoid perpetual Imprisonment; so that the Poor in and about the maritime Places are very much increased, and Mariners are so scarce, that there are not sufficient to navigate their Shipping; and those, that are free from Prosecution, alk such excessive Wages, that it's very burthensome to Trade; and, unless speedily relieved, that Part of the Kingdom will be greatly deprived of their Trade: That the said Offences were committed through Ignorance and Inadvertency: And praying such Relief in the Premises, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the principal and other Inhabitants of the Town and County of Poole, and also the Petition of the principal and other Inhabitants of Portsmouth, Gosport,

Portsea, and other neighbouring Parishes, in the County of Southampton, ..... is referred.

A Petition of the Owners and Mailers of Ships, and Ditto, other Inhabitants, dwelling within, and near, the Port of Dartmouth, and trading to Newfoundland, and several other Parts beyond the Seas, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that of late a great Number of Prosecutions have been carried on against Mariners, on several penal Acts of Parliament, made against clandestine running of Goods, and, particularly, against several, for Offences committed for many Years pall; whereby many of them are imprisoned, but the greatest Part of them have left their Families poor and dellitute, by forsaking the Kingdom, and entering into foreign Service, to avoid perpetual Imprisonment; so that the Poor in and about the maritime Places are very much increased, and Mariners are so scarce, that there are not sufficient to navigate their Shipping, and those, that are free from Prosecution, alk such excessive Wages, that it's very burthensome to Trade; and, unless speedily relieved, that Part of the Kingdom will be greatly deprived of their Trade: That the said Offences were committed through Ignorance and Inadvertency: And praying such Relief in the Premises, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the principal and other ^Inhabitants of the Town and

County

GOO^l

i Geo. II.

i90 — 30°

Leave of Absence.

Canterbury

Workhouse.

T\lw\

Deeds'

‘PiKiciir;

Lord River-fton's Outlawry.

feojtm i, dealing j neuf- alGoail

Supply.

County of Poole and also the Petition of the principal and other Inhabitants of Portsmouth, Gosport, Portjea, and other neighbouring Pavilhes, in the County of Southampton, ..... is referred.

Ordered, That Henry Pacey, Esquire, have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

An ingrafted Bill for erefiing a Workhouse in the City of Canterbury, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor there, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for erefiing a Workhouse in the City of Canterbury, for employing and maintaining the Poor there; and for better enlightening the Streets of the said City.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Hales do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of Charles Hamilton, Esquire, on behalf of William Nugent, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner finds by the Votes of the House, that a Bill is depending, for Relief of Hyacinthus Richard Nugent, commonly called Lord Riversion, in the Kingdom of Ireland; which Bill, if it pass into a Law, will greatly injure the Property of the said William Nugent: And praying, that Counsel maybe heard against the said Bill, or that Mr. Nugent may have such other Relief, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for Relief of Hyacinthus Richard Nugent, commonly called Lord Riverfton, in the Kingdom of Ireland, is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard before the said Committee by Counsel, on behalf of the said Mr. Nugent, against the said Bill, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard for the said Bill at the same time.

Sir Charles Turner (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was refer.cd to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions, they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, in order to the more regular, constant, and pundual. Payment of Seamens Wages for the future, a Sum, not exceeding Five hundred thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, towards paying off and discharging such Part of the Debt of the Navy, as is due upon the Head of Seamens Wages.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-three thousand Six hundred and Eleven Pounds, Five Shillings and Four Pence Half-peny, be granted to his Majesty, for making good the Deficiency of the General Fund of Seven hundred Twenty-four thousand Eight hundred Forty-nine Pounds, Six Shillings, and Ten Pence, and One-fifth Part of a Peny, per Annum, for the Year, ended at Michaelmas, 1727.

The first of the said Resolutions being read a Second time;

Resolved, nemine contradicente. That the House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That, in order to the more regular, constant, and punfiual. Payment of Seamens Wages for the future, a Sum, not exceeding Five hundred thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, towards paying off and discharging such Part of the Debt of the Navy, as is due upon the Head of Seamens Wages.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-three thousand Six hundred and Eleven

Vol. 21.

143

Pounds, Five Shillings, and Four Pence Half-peny, be granted to his Majesty, for making good the Deficiency of the General Fund of Seven hundred Twenty-tour thousand Eight hundred Forty-nine Pounds, Six Shillings, and Ten Pence, and One-fifth Part of a Peny, per Annum, for the Year, ended at Michaelmas, 1727.

The House proceeded (according to Order) to the New Rom* hearing the Merits of the Elefiion for the Port of New ncy Eletf ioi Romney, in the County of Kent.

And the Counsel being ordered to be called in Counsel for the Petitioners only appeared.

And the Petition of Sir Robert Austen, and Sir Robert Fumeje, Baronets, were read; and the Counsel for the Petitioners were heard:

And then they were directed to withdraw.

Mr. Papillon was heard in his Place: And then he withdrew.

And the Question being put, That David Papillon,

Esquire, is duly elected a Baron, to serve in this present Parliament for the Port of New Romney, in the County . of Kent;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That John EJJington,

Esquire, is duly defied a Baron, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Port of New Romney,

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, nemine contradicente, That Sir Robert Austen,

Baronet, is duly elefied a Baron, to serve in this present Parliament for the the said Port of New Romney

Resolved, That Sir Robert Fumeje, Baronet, is duly defied a Baron, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Port of New Romney.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return for the Port of New Romney, in the County of Kent, by rafing out the names of David Papillon, and John EJJington, Esquires, and inserting the Names of Sir Robert Austen, Baronet, and Sir Robert Fumeje, Baronet, instead thereof.

The other Order of the Day being read 5 Resolved', That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 30° die Aprilis;

Anno 10 Georgii IIdl Regis, 1728.

Prayers.

THE Clerk of the Crown attended, and (according j^cw Rom-to Order) amended the Return for the Port of ney Election. New Romney, in the County of Kent.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, that they have rower to consider of the Duties upon low Wines, and Spirits of the first Extraction.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to consider of the Duties upon Wine Lees imported.

Mr. Sandys reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming the Inclosure and Division of the common Fields, and common Grounds, within the Manors and Pari (lies of Overton, Longville, and Botolphs Bridge, in the County of Huntingdon, was committed; that the

Committee

Ways and Means.

Overton

Inclosure.

144

30° Aprilis. d. 1728.

Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisradion of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

The said Bill was read the Third time.

» Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Sandys do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

Loans, &c. Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this

onLandTax. pjou e> an Account of what Loans, and Exchequer Bills, upon the Land Tax for the Year 1726, did remain undischarged on the Twenty-ninth of September, 1727, and how many of the same have been discharged by Arrears, since paid in, of the said Tax, and how many thereof, if any, out of the Sinking Fund.

Loans, &c. Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this on Malt Tax. House, an Account of what Loans, and Exchequer Bills, upon the Malt Tax for the Year 1726, did remain undischarged on the Twenty-ninth of September, 1727, and how many of the same have been discharged by Arrears, since paid in, of the said Tax, and how many thereof, if any, out of the Sinking Fund, or otherwise. fnterefton Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this Loans, &c. f-joufe, an Account of what Money has been paid, to Lady-day, 1728, for Interest, and Charge of Circulation, on Loans, and Exchequer Bills, upon the Land and Malt Taxes for the Year 1726.

Navy Ordered, That the Treasurer of the Navy do lay before crvices. $}|js pjoufe^ an Account of what Money has by him been received for any Services of the Navy, since the Thirty-first of December, 1727, distinguishing the Times, when the same was received, and the Services, to which it was applied.

Bricks Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the more effectual preventing m ln&' Abuses in the making of Bricks and Tiles, is committed, that they h^ve a Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, for altering the Size of Bricks.

Edinburgh A Bill to explain the Acts, of the Third and Ninth

Cu.lL. £ears °/ ‘ p6 Majesty'S Reign' ^muing the

Duty of Two Penies Scots, on every Pint of Ale and Beer, fold in the City of Edinburgh, in relation to the Payment of the Petty Port Customs, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Campbell, Mr. Fenwick, Lord Wm. Rowlett, Mr. Sandys, Sir Tho. Hales, Mr. Bacon, Sir Wm. Yonge, Mr. Hales, Mr, Drummond, Mr. Compton, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Pultmey, Mr. Perry, Mr. Br ere ton, Lord Morpeth, Mr. Pelham, Mr. St. John, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Hungerford, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Alderman Child, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Lawson, Mr. York, Sir Nicholas Williams, Sir Edward Knatchbull, Sir Wm. Strickland, Sir Wilfrid Lawson, Mr. Serjeant Birch, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Sir Wm. St. §htintin, Colonel Monro, Dr. Sayers and all the Members, diat serve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Leave of Ordered, That John Gifford, Esquire, have Leave to Absence. go into the Country, for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ditto. Ordered, That Henry Holt Henley, Esquire, have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

€t Part of Great Britain called Scotland, as remain unfold, iC and are vested in the Crown, and for determining such u Claims on the said Estates, as, having been duly u entered, remain undetermined," was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House wiil, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of the poor insolvent Debtors in the Gaol Debtors of the City of Worcester, was presented to the House, and Pclltl0ft' read; setting forth, that by reason of their long Confinement, and the Dearnels of Bread, they, and their Families, are reduced almost to a starving Condition, and are become real Objects of Companion: And praying such Relief, as the House shall think meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Conmfiflion-resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to considerof the Petition of Charles Tozvnfend, in behalf of to the Crown. George Townsend, Montague Bacon, John Attwood, and John Burton, late Commissioners for licensing Hawkers,

Pedlars, and petty Chapmen;

Ordered, That the Copy of the Report, made to the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury by Edward Harley, and Thomas Foley, Esquires, and by Mr. Nicholas Paxton, dated the Twenty-sixth Day of February, 172 J, relating to the Debt due to the Crown from George Townsend, junior, Montague Bacon, John Attwood, and John Burton, late Commissioners for licensing Hawkers and Pedlars, with the several Papers thereunto annexed, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of the Letter of the Treasury, dated the Thirty-first of January, 1723, directing the Auditors of the Imprefts, Mr. Cracherode, and Mr.

Paxton, to enquire into the Accounts of the Commissioners of Hawkers and Pedlars, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of the last original Certificate, delivered to the King's Remembrancer by the Auditors of the Imprefts, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that they had considered the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to move the House, That a Bill may be brought in, to enable the Commissioners of the Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer, for the Time being, to compound with George Townsend, Montague Bacon, John Attwood, and John Burton, late Commissioners for licensing Hawkers, Pedlars, and petty Chapmen, for a Debt, they stand charged with to the Crown.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in to enable the Commissioners of the Treasury, or the Lord H igh Treasurer, for the Time being, to compound with George Townsend, Montague Bacon, John Attwood, and John Burton, late Commissioners for licensing Hawkers, Pedlars, and petty Chapmen, for a Debt, they stand charged with to the Crown; and that Sir Charles Turner, Mr.

Perry, Sir Edmund Bacon, and Mr. Danvers, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Scotch for- A' Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the feitedEflates. Thirteenth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for Sale of such of the forfeited Estates in that 20

GoO^lC

i Geo. II

Mercurii, i° die Maii;

Anno i° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1728. Prayers.

i° Maii. 145

of Pembroke and Brecon, in Trustees, to Certain Uses therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Debtor,

Petition,

iimiifo-ot &« &c.Ul leL'ron

Comtmf-sioners of Hawkers,&c. Debt to the Crown.

Hockliffe

Koadi.

Leave of

Absence.

Ditto.

Supply Bill; Annuities charged on Coal Duties, &c.

HammondY Debt to the Crown.

Earl Suffolk's ElUte.

courfield's

Estates.

SI R Charles "turner presented to the House (according to Order) a Bill to enable the Commissioners of the Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer, for the Time being, to compound with George townshend, Mountagne, Bacon, John Attwood, and John Burton, late Commissioners for licensing Hawkers, Pedlars, and petty Chap* men, for a Debt, they (land charged with to the Crown; and the same was received, and read the First time. Resolved\ That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Compton reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for more effectual amending the Highway between Hockliffe and Woburne, in the County of Bedford, and for repairing the Road, leading through Woburne to tickford Bridge, in Newport Pagnell, in the County of Bucks, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the said Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Ordered, That Alexander Luttrell, Esquire, have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Charles Hall, Esquire, have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England, to be charged on the Duties on Coals and Culm, granted by an Act, of the Ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and since made perpetual, and for further applying the Produce of the sinking Fund towards the Redemption of sundry Annuities, payable to the South Sea Company, and Bank of England, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Message from the Lords', by Mr. Lighthoun and Mr. Masham:

Mr Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Commissioners of the Treasury, or Lord High Treasurer, for the Time being, to compound with Thomas Hammond,\aXz of London, Merchant, and his Sureties, for a Debt due to the Crown for Customs on Tobacco and Wine, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for impowering the honourable Charles Howard, Esquire, to raise Money by Sale, or Mortgage, of the Manors of Walden, alias Chipping Walden, Brook Walden, and other Manors and Lands therein mentioned, for payment of the Debts of Charles William, late Earl of Suffolk and Bindon, deceased; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the real Estates of William Scour field, the elder, Esquire, Catherine, his Wife, William Scourfield, the younger, Esquire, and Anne his Wife, in the Counties Vol. 21.

The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself Ways into a Committee of the whole House, to consider and Means further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, being read;

Ordered, That the Account of the Produce of Two Pence per Gallon on low Wines, and Spirits of the first Extraction, drawn from any foreign Materials, or any Mixture therewith, for Seven years last pad, each Year being distinct, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Produce of Lees of Wine for Seven years last past, distinguishing each Year, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Debt of his Majesty's Navy, as it flood on the Thirty-first Day of December,

1727, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the Houserefolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Turner also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again. 4

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itlelr into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning Encouraging next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Volunteer5 to consider further of the Bill for encouraging Seamen, Seamen, who shall enter voluntarily into his Majesty's Service.

The Counsel for and again# the Bill for Sale of the Kennedy* % Estate of Sir Richard Kennedy, Baronet, deceased, in the Estate. Kingdom of Ireland\ forfeited during the Life of Sir William Kennedy, his great Uncle, were called in.

And the Bill was (according to Order) read a Second time.

And the Petition of Robert Jones, Esquire, Son of Edward, late Lord Bishop of St. Asaph, by Elizabeth, his Wife, Daughter of Sir Richard Kennedy, Knight and Baronet, one of the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Ireland, deceased, was read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioner were heard.

And they produced a Copy of a Settlement, made by Sir Richard Kennedy, dated the Eighteenth Day of February, 1679.

The Twelfth Section of the Act of the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of King William the Third for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by Sale of the forfeited and other Estates and Interests in Ireland, and by a Land Tax in England, for the several Purposes therein mentioned, was read.

And a Grant from the Crown, secundo Januarii, if Georgii Primi, to the Petitioner, of the Custodium of Mount Kennedy, and other Lands in Ireland, was read.

And the Counsel for the Bill were heard.

And the Counsel for the Petitioner, against the Bill, were heard, by way of Reply.

And then the Counsel withdrew.

And Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

Resolved, T\\?Xx\\t Bill be committed to Lord Limerick,

Sir Wm. Yonge, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Brereton,

Sir Wm. Milner, Mr. Pulteney, Dr. Sayer, Mr. Earl,

Mr. Orlebar, Lord Malpas, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Fenton,

O o Mr.

L0

1^6 i* — 2° M 1 1728.

Mr. Taylor, Lord Marquis o( Harrington, Mr. Winnington, Gosport, Portsea, and other neighbouring Parishes, in Lord inchiquin, Mr. /V^, Mr. Hamilton, Sir Wilfrid the County of Southampton, ..... is referred.

Lawson, Colonel Mr. Drummond, Mr. Lifter, The said Accounts, and Lift, are bound up with

Mr. Plumer, Mr. Cornwallis, Lord Gage, Mr. Oglethorp, the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Lumley, Sir Edward Knatchbull, Mr. Conduitt.

Colonel Lord Percival, Mr. David Pulteney, An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Earl Suffolk'*

Mr. Whitworth, Lord Lord i % dr, Mr. Hungerford, for impowering the honourable C/tar/W Howard, Esquire, £ltate*

Mr. Medlicott, Sir Austin, Mr. Lutwyche, Mr. to raise Money by Sale, or Mortgage, of the Manors of

7$//# Lumley, Mr. Potenger: And they are to meet this Walden, alias Chipping Walden, Brook Walden, and other Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Manors and Lands therein mentioned, for Payment of Chamber. the Debts of Charles William, late Earl of Suffolk and

Bindon, deceased, was read the First time.

Stepney new Refohed, That this House will, upon Friday next at Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Churches. Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for uniting the Moieties, An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Scoorfield's

or Portions, of the Rectory of St. Dunstan, Stepney, alias for veiling the real Estates of Wm. Scourfteld, the elder, Eftalcs‘

Stebunkeath, and for making one Rector full Incumbent Esquire, Catherine, his Wife, William Scourfteld, the

of the said Rectory; and for converting the Chapel at younger, Esquire, and Anne, his Wife, in the Counties of

Poplar into a Parish Church, and appointing a District, Pembroke and Brecon, in Trustees, to certain Uses therein

or a new Parish, for the lame; and for the Maintenance mentioned, was read the First time.

of the Ministers of Five new Churches at Stratford (Bow) Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Poplar, Spittlefields, Wapping (Stepney) and Lime house',

and for restraining the Churchwardens of the said Five A Petition of the poor Insolvent Debtors, now con- Debtors

new Churches from disposing of the Pews, and Places in fined in the common Gaol of the City of Durham, was Petition.

Pews, without the Consent of the Vestry; and for other presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that Purposes therein mentioned. the Petitioners are very numerous, and unable to satisfy

their Creditors; and mull die in Gaol, unless relieved Wages Mr. Pearfe, from the Commissioners of the Navy, by the House: And praying such Relief, as the House

°Scarncn. Pre^entec^ to House, pursuant to their Order, An shall think proper.

Account of the Wages, which were due to such Seamen, Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, as have deserted his Majesty's Service from Ships now in

Sea Pay: Collected from the lafi: Books, which have A Petition of James Delerme was presented to the Delerme's

been delivered into the Navy Office from each respective House, and read; setting forth, thar the Petitioner is a Nat*

Ship. Protestant, but born out of his Majesty's Allegiance; and

And the Title of the said Account was read. has given good Proof of his Loyalty, and the Good of

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, this Kingdom: And praying, that Leave may be given

to be perused by the Members of the House. to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, of this Session. according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that

Mr. Potenger and Mr. Holland do prepare, and bring in.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow the fame.

Morning, Nine of the Clock.

A Petition of the Corporation of Cord wainers, Curriers, Export of

belonging to the LeatherTrade, in the Borough of Leather, cy . % ». jljt # Lejkard, in the County of Cornwall, was presented to the

JOVlSy 2 die IVLClll \ House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners

Anno i° Georgii II. Regis, 1728. have, for several Years lait past, been Sufferers by the

Dearness, Badness, and Scarcity of Leather, occasioned,

Prayers. as they conceive, by the great Exportation thereof.

Proceedings rT^ H E House being informed, that the Commis- encouraged by the Drawback thereon; so that the

against sioners of the Customs attended at the Door, they Petitioners are forced to give double the Price they used

concerned in were calfed in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, to do, and yet cannot get enough to supply their Occa-Smuggling. pursuant to their Order, fions, so that, if some speedy Stop be not put to such

An Account of what Sums have been recovered against Proceedings, the Petitioners mull inevitably be ruined:

Persons for Duties, or Penalties, for run Goods, since the And praying, that the House will apply such a Remedy,

Twenty-fifth of December, 1723; and also, as will remove their Grievances.

An Account of the several Compositions, made by Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Persons, who were prosecuted for any Duties, or Penalties,

for run Goods, since the Twenty-fifth of December, 1723; Sir Charles Turner (according to Order) reported from Ways and also, the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was and Means.

An alphabetical Lift of the Names of such Persons, as referred to consider further of Ways and Means for

are now under Prosecution for the Duties, or Penalties, railing the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions

for run Goods, since the Twenty-fifth of December, 1723; which they had directed him to report to the House;

and also, which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in

An Account of the Expences of Prosecutions for at the Clerk's Table; where the said Resolutions were run Goods, and Duties, from Michaelmas, 1723, to read, and are as followeth; viz.

Lady-day, 1728. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

And then they withdrew. That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty,

And the Titles of the said Accounts, and Lift, were his Majesty be enabled to raile a Sum, not exceeding read. Five hundred thousand Pounds, by Loans, or Exchequer

Ordered, That the said Accounts, and Lift be referred Bills, to be charged on the First Aids or Supplies to be to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the granted in the next Session of Parliament.

Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

principal and other Inhabitants of the Town and County That the Subsidies, and other Duties, payable upon Wine of Poole, and also the Petition of the principal and other Lees imported, from and after the Twenty-ninth Day of Inliabitants of the Townof and also the Petition September next shall cease and determine, and, in lieu

of the principal and other Inhabitants ot Portsmouth, thereof, there shall be payable to his Majesty the fame

Subsidies,

8.

> in jf

'ith

A HarlSi^ re, of sr

d

Scow£tv , Efe

i Supply Bill; Duties on Low Winci.

fe

Pttioa

N«l

i Geo. II. 2° — 7,° Maii. 147

Subsidies, Impositions, and other Duties, as are now payable on the Importations of Wines into this Kingdom, according to the several and respective^ Growths thereof.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the Houte.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolutions; and that Sir Charles burner, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Attorney-general, Mr. Solicitor-genetal, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Scrope, Mr. Kelfall, and Mr. Jacomb, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, nemine contradicente, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill, or Bills, that they do provide therein for the constant, regular, and punctual Payment of Seamens Wages.

Sir Charles "Turner acquainted the House, that the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, had directed him to move the House, That a Bill be brought in, for explaining an Act, of the Fifth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, relating to the Duties on low Wines, and Spirits of the First Extraction, and for removing all Doubts concerning the Continuance of the Duty of Two Pence per Gallon upon low Wines, and Spirits of the First Extraction from foreign Materials.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, for explaining an Act, of the Fifth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, relating to the Duties on low Wines, and Spirits of the First Extraction, and for removing all Doubts concerning the Continuance of the Duty of Two Pence per Gallon upon low Wines, and Spirits of the First Extraction from foreign Materials; and that Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Scrope, and Mr. Kelfall, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned Call of the until this Day Sevennight. House.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into Prosecution* a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the for dealing in Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Q0c^g°med the principal and other Inhabitants of the Town and County of Poole, and also the Petition of the principal and other Inhabitants of the Town of Harivick, and also the Petition of the principal and other inhabitants of Portsmouth, Gosport, Portsea, and other neighbouring Parishes in the County of Southampton, was referred; and also to consider of the Petition of the Owners and Matters of Ships, and other Inhabitants, dwelling within, and near, the Port of Exeter, and trading to Newfoundland, and several other Parts beyond the Seas, and also the Petition of the Owners and Matters of Ships, and other Inhabitants, dwelling within, and near, the Port of Dartmouth, and trading to Newfoundland, and several other Parts beyond the Seas.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Milbjnk ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole new Church. House, upon the Bill for making Provisioji for the Rector of the new Church, situate near Milbank, in the Parish of St. Margaret, Westminster, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Greenwich The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve Hospital. itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration that Part of his Majesty's most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, which relates to Greenwich Hospital, being read;

Ordered, That his Majesty's most gracious Speech be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the State of the yearly Revenue and Expence of Greenwich Hospital, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Number of Pensioners, at present lodged and maintained in Greenwich Hospital, what Conveniences there are for lodging a greater Number, and for how many, together with an Estimate of what may be the Expence of maintaining any such additional Number, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of what was duethe Thirty-first of March, 1728, upon the Establishment of Greenwich Hospital, so far as concerned the Houshold, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of what is due to Workmen, or others, on account of the Building, or Repairs, of Greenwich Hospital, to the Thirty-first of March, 1728, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of how much has been received of the Six thousand Pounds per Annum, given by Parliament, out of the Duty on Coals, towards building the said Hospital, and how much of the same is at present in the Treasurer's Hands, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of what remains in Cash, and Credit on the Revenue of Greenwich Hospital, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Yo i. 91.

Ordered, That Mr. East, Mr. Wither, Mr. Rudge, Br;ckg Sir Tho. Clarke, Sir Geo. Cafwall, Mr. Cockburn, Mr. and Tiles Conduit/, Sir Richard Ellys, Mr. Gay, Mr. Hacks, Lord making. Inchequin, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Uoyd, Mr. Orlebar, Mr.

Pulteney, Mr. Rafhley, Dr. Sayer, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the more effectual preventing Abuses in the making of Bricks and Tiles, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vienerisy 30 die Maii;

Anno i° Georgii lldi Regis, 1728.

Prayers.

SI R Robert Furnefe, Baronet, being chosen a Knight ^fess of the Shire for the County of Kent, and also a Romney Baron for the Port of New Romney, in the same County, Writ, made his Election, to serve for the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do Hfue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Baron, to serve in this present Parliament for the Port of New Romney, in the County of Kent, in the room of the said Sir Robert Furnefe, Baronet.

Mr. Finch reported from the Committee, to whom the Rochesterto Bill for repairing and enlarging the Road, leading from Maidstone, St. Margaret's Church, in Rochester, to Maidstone, and from thence to Mailing Heath, through harming Woods, in the County of Kent, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered

the

t

Supply Eill;

Duties on Low Wines.

Leave of Absence.

Delermt's

Nat.

Tvlney'j Deed of Appointment.

The House interpose to prevent a Quarrel.

148

30 Maii.

A. 1728.

the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the said Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for excusing Passengers, having paid the Toll, and lying between the Turnpikes, from paying Toll the next Morning.

And the Clause was twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

And another Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Charles Turner presented to the House (according to Order) a Bill for removing certain Doubts concerning the Continuance of the additional Duty of Two Pence per Gallon upon low Wines, and Spirits of the First Extraction from foreign Materials, granted by an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Stephen Fox, Esquire, have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Robert Myddelton, Esquire, have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That Colonel Morgan have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Mr. Potenger presented to the House (according to Order) a Bill for naturalizing James Delerme; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for making more effectual a Deed of Appointment, executed by Frederick Tylney, Esquire, late deceased, with respect to Twenty thousand Pounds, and for settling the same for the Purposes herein mentioned, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Orlando Bridgman, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Orlebar, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir IVm, Wyndham, Mr. Potenger, Mr. Wither, Mr. Shippen, Mr. Duckett, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Holland, Mr. Monro, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Mr. Alderman Child, Mr. Child, Mr. Cornwallis, Mr. Doddington, Sir Hum. Howorth, Mr. Bond, Sir Nathanael Gould, General Sabyn, Mr. Sandys, Lord Finch, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Plumer, Sir Nicholas Williams, Lord Vane, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Brereton, Colonel Read, Mr. Williams, Mr. Fane, Mr. Taylor, Sir Richard Lane, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Campbell, Sir Tho, Hales, Sir Tho. Frankland, Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr. Hales, Mr. Oglethorp, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Cary, Mr. Serjeant Birch, Lord Gage, Mr. Corbett, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Cornwall, Sir Robert Austen, Mr. Perry, Sir John Rufhout, Sir Robert Furnefe, Sir John Hind Cotton, Mr. Hungerford', and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Southampton and Essex: And they are to meet thisAfternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House being informed, that some Words of Heat had happened in the House, between Mr. Brereton and Mr. Winnington, Members of this House; and that Mr. Brereton was gone out of the House;

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms do summon Mr. Brereton to attend the House immediately in his Place.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do acquaint them, that it is the Pleasure of the House, that they do not prosecute the Quarrel any further.

And Mr. Brereton being come into the House, Mr. Speaker acquainted Mr. Brereton and Mr. Winnington with the Pleasure of the House.

24

Whereupon they stood up in their Places severally, and declared, they would obey the Order of the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, Supply Bill; who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill foi repealing the present Duties on Wine Lees imported, &c and laying new Duties thereon, that they do insert therein a Clause or Clauses, for removing some Doubts, which have arisen, touching the Duty on Lignum Vit*, imported from the British Plantations.

A Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill, that they do insert therein a Clause or Clauses, to prevent the Importation of Wines in Flasks, Bottles, and small Calks, except Tokay, Frontiniac, St. Lawrence Wines, and Wines of the Growth of the Dominions of the Great Duke of Tuscany, and of the Growth of Turkey, or any other Parts of the Levant Seas;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out these Words, " Tokay, Frontiniac,

" St. Lawrence Wines, and."

And the Question being put, That those Words (land Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Question, fe amended, being put;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill, that they do insert therein a Clause, or Clauses, to prevent the Importation of Wines in Flasks, Bottles, and small Calks, except Wines of the Growth of the Dominions of the Great Duke of Tuscany, and of the Growth of Turkey, or any other Parts of the Levant Seas.

Lord

Rivcrlton*

Outlawry.

The Lo"d Viscount Fitzwilliam reported from the Committee, to whom the Bui for Relief of Hyacinthus Richard Nugent, commonly called Lord Riverfton, in the Kingdom of Ireland, was committed; that the Committee had examined, and found, that the (landing Order- of the House, concerning Notices to be given in Ireland, before any private Bill, relating to Estates there, be brought in, had been complied with; and that the Committee had heard Counsel upon the Petition of Charles Hamilton,

Esquire, on behalf of William Nugent, Esquire, and had aif > heard Counsel for the said Hyacinthus Richard Nugent; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House:

And he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's table; where the said Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with an Amendment to one of them, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Merchants, and other Inhabitants, of Newfoundland the Town and Port of Poole, in the County of Poole, *i(hery. trading to, and concerned in, the Fishery of Newfoundland, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that the Petitioners employ about Forty Sail of Ships yearly in the Newfoundland Fishery: That the Fish on the Coastof the old Settlements have altered their Couife, which formerly began in May, when they made 300 Quintals per Boat; but of late Years took no Fish till the latter End of July, and then made but from 70 to 120 Quintals per Boat at the mod, and last Season, in the Bays of Conception and Trinity, did not make above 60 Quintals per Boat, which did not pay above half the Charge of the Outset; and such Fish coming so late in the Season, is generally ill cured, and comes so late to the proper Market, that 'tis a great Damage to Trade; for t he French, at Cape Britaign, and other Places, begin their fishing in April\ and consequently come to Market Two or Three Months before the Petitioners, and fed for a Dollar and Half, or Two Dollars, per Quintal, more, than the Petitioners

8.

illy, > fe.

en, Supply fol

ts,

0

D

1 Geo. It % ° Mail.

tioners; under which Hard ships (hey have laboured several Years, to the Ruin of several, and others have been obliged to quit that Part of the Country: That they are informed, the West and North-weft Parts of the Island are good, and great Plehty of Fish, And also Furs* may be had there, to the great Encouragement of his Majesty's Subjects; but that Coast is dangerous, being inverted with Rocks and Shoals, and the Petitioners have no Charts of it, neither are their Seamen, or Pilots, acquainted therewith; so that they cannot enjoy the Benefit of so valuable a Part of Newfoundland^ though granted by France to Great Britain by the Treaty of Utrecht, for want of a proper Person, appointed to survey that Coast, and make Charts of the fame: And praying, that a Surveyor may be appointed, and a sufficient Supply granted him, to complete a Survey of the West and North-weft Parts of Newfoundland, in such Manner, as , the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

I South Sea Sir John Eyles presented to the House, The Report of; Company the Trustee$ for railing Money onithe Estates of the late

j respecting Directors of the South Sea Company, and others.

Director* And the Title of the said Report was read, i 'Estates.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Report is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed* that Catharine Purcell, Privily. Widow, Robert Johnson % and Joseph Gar bet/, have made their Submission, and given Satisfaction, to Thomas Lord Viscount Gage in the Kingdom of lrclandy in relation to the Breach of Privilege, complained of, on his behalf, the_Fourth Day of April last;

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections bedischarged from proceeding upon the Matter of the said Complaint.

The honourable Pattee Byng, Esquire, Treasurer of Navy the Navy, presented to the House, pursuant to their S*rv»ces. Order, An Account of what Money has been ordered by the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, and received by the Treasurer of his Majesty's Navy, for any Services of the Navy, since the Thirty-first of December, 1727;

And the Title of the said Account was read;

The said Account is as follows > viz.

reafury Office 0 c avY»| An ACCOUNT of what Moneiy has been ordered by the Right honourable the 3d ay, 172 .,) Lor(js Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, and received by the Treasurer of his Majesty's Navy, for any Services of the Navy, since the 31st December, 1727, distinguistnng thfc Times, when the same was received, and the Services, to which it was applied: Prepared in pursuance of an Order of the honourable House- of Commons, of the 30th April, 1728.

Time, when received. SERVICES. Sum. TOTAL.

172t> Feb. 24th. Received at his Majesty's Exchequer, in Money, advanced . by the Bank of England for Exchequer Bills, charged on the Malt Duty, Anno 1728, the Sum of £.248,371. 7X. for the Services under-mentioned; viz. £ * d- £. s. d.

On the Head of Ordinary: To pay a Quarter's Salary to the Right honourable the Lords of the Admiralty, the Commissioners, and other £, x. d\ ‘ Officers, of the Navy, due Christmas last - - - - 7*700 To pay a Quarter's Pension to Sir Stafford Fairborne, due D° Time - . - - ' 150 To pay Half a Year's Half-pay to the Sea Officers, due 31st December last - 12,173, 2 — 19,523 a — i,8$4 16 4

On the Head of Wear and Tear; To pay Bills of Exchange - . -To pay all the Yards Two Quarters, due Christmas> iji6; viz. Michaelmas Quar-)Ordinary. Wear and Tear, Total. ter, 1726 - - -) 21,090 19,042 40,042 Christmas, D° - 21,000 19,947 40,947

42,000 38,989 80,989 80,989 — —

On. the Head of Wages: To pay Half a Year's Allowance to the Earl of Peter borough, as General of his £. x. d. Majesty's Marine Forces, due Christmas last - - - 1,840 For Flag Pay to Sir John Norris, Admiral of the Blue - - - 1,012 10 — To pay Bills of Exchange, drawn on the Sick and Hurt Office - 2,000 To pay Bills numbered in Course in that Office - - - 526 5 6 To pay off his Majesty's Ships Bedford, Captain, Kent, Yarmouth, York, and Winchefiev - - - - 75,143 — —

You. 31. P P

A. 1728.

IS®

Time, when received.

t72f> Feb. 24th.

1728, Mar. 30th.

Apt. 20th/

30 Ma

SERVICES.

To pay off his Majesty's Ship the Ludlozo Castle - - - *

To pay off his Majesty's Bomb Vessel the

Thunder ....

To pay his Majesty's Sloops Ctuifer, Hawke, and Hap#, to 31st March, 1726 ——

To complete the Sum of 31,300. to pay off his Majesty's Ships Colchester and HampJMre, whereof £21,026. 6*. 10 d. was received ift Decemberlaft -

To pay off his Majesty's Ship the Argyle -

£ d-t3>S°° —

1,100 ——

8,add — —

10,273 13 15,100 —

On the Head of Victualling:

To pay Two Quarters Pay to the Coopers, Labourers, due Christmas, 1726; viz.

Michaelmas Quarter, 1726 - 2,090

Christmas D® 3,209

To pay necessary Money, short Beer Money, and Contingencies -To pay short Allowance Money -To pay Bills of Exchange - -

£ d-5,299 ——

4.000 ——

2.000 — —

6.000 ——

Received at his Majesty's Exchequer, in Money, advanced by the Biank of England for Exchequer Bills, charged on the Malt Duty, Anno 1728, the Sum of £. 28,750. for the Services under-mentioned j viz.

On the head of Wages:

To pay off his Majesty's Ship Medway at £. s. d.

Portsmouth - - - 6,030 ——

To pay his Majesty's Ships the Plymouth

and Chatham, to the 31 December, 1727 17,280 — —

To pay his Majesty's Ship the Guarland, to

D° time - - - 2,240 — —

To pay his Majesty's Sloop the Happy, to

D° time - - - 3,200 ——

Received at his Majesty's Exchequer, in Money, advanced by the Bank of England for Exchequer Bills, charged on the Land Tax, Anno 1728, the Sum of £. 145,654. 3*. 5 for the Services under mentioned;

On the Head of Ordinary:

To pay a Quarter's Salary to the Right s.

honourable the Lords of the Admiralty, the Commissioners, and other Officers, of the Navy, diie Lady-day last - - 7,200 7-- — -

For a Quarter's Pension to Sir Stafford

Fair borne, due D* time ~- - " 150, t -

For a Quarter's Pension to Captain

Edmund Halley, due D" time - - -25 — —

For Nine Quarters Pension to Captain

Thomas Willjhaw, due D° time - - 225 — —

On the Head of Wages:

To pay off his Majesty's Ships under mentioned j

VIZ.

Torbay Sterling Castle Monmouth -Pr. Frederick Canterbury -Dunkirk

*7>249

15.98*

*4,45*

*4,3*7

I3J091

i6,2do

For a Quarter's Allowance to the Earl of Peterborough, as General of his Majesty's Marine Forces, due Lady-day last For Flag Pay, and Table Money, to Sir Charles Wager - i -

For Flag Pay to Edward Hopjtn, Esquire For D° to Robert Hughes, Esquire

Sum.

TOTAL.

d.

91,299 — -

910 —

1*631 —

1,195 i5

- 246 15

248,37^ 7 —

28,750 ——

7,600; -

Earl of Buchan's Estate.

Greenwich

Hospital.

Stepney new Churches.

Supply.

i Geo. IL

3° — 4° Mali

*5*

Time, when received.

SERVICES.

7l9 ——

For Flag Pay to Sir George Walton -

To pay Bills in Course for Pilotage, Surgeons Necessaries, 6?c. One Year, due the 31st December last - -

For Two Years Pension to the Chest at Chatham, due Lady-day, 1727 - For lick and hurt Seamens Quarters, One Year, due 30th September, 172

On the Head of Victualling:,

To pay Bills of Exchange r

The total Sum is Four hundred Twenty-two thousand Seven hundred Seventy-five Pounds, Ten Shillings and Five Pence.

Sum.

TOf AL

r. d.

s.

d.

*3*54 3 S

6,000 — —

145.654 3 5

l- 4*2.775 10 5 ~ — ..... --=*

Pattet Byng.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table* to be peruled by the Members of the House.

A Message from the Lords by Mr. Ligkthoun and Mr. Kinafton:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Veiling in Trustees divers Lands in the several Counties of Berks, Bucks, Wilts, Oxford, and York, the Estate of David, Earl of Buchan, for the Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lord? desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sir Charles turner, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was > referred to consider of that Part of his Majesty's molb gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, which, relates to Greenwich Hospital, the Resolution, they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read* and is as follows \ viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for a greater Encouragement to Seamen to enter voluntarily into his Majesty's Service, his Majesty be impowered to issue and apply any Sum, not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds, out of the Money grahted for the Service of the Navy, for the Year 1728, in Aid of the Fund, appointed for the Support of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, for the better Maintenance of the Seamen of the said Hospital, worn out and become decrepid in the Service of their Country* and for enabling the Commissioners of the said Hospital to take in ait additional Number of fochdifabled Seamen, pot exceeding Two hundred and Twenty Men, and for other Expences of the said Hospital.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House. ....

' The other Orders of the Day being read

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning . next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for uniting the Moieties, or Portions, of the Rest.ory of St. Dunstan, Stepney, alias Stebunheath, and for making One Rector full Incumbent of the said Rectory; and for converting the Chapel at Poplar into a Parish Church, and Appointing a District* or a new Parish, for the fame; and for the Maintenance of the Ministers of Five new Churches, at Stratford (Bozv),' Poplar, Spittlefields, Wapping (Stepney), and Lime house; and for restraining the Churchwardens of the said Five new Churches from disposing of the Pews, and Places in Pews, without the Consent of the Vestry; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- Vol. 21.

Scotch

forfeited

Estates.

night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty*

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, iC An Act for Sale of " such of the forfeited Estates in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland\ as remain unfold, and are " vested in the Crown, and for determining such Claims K on the said Estates, as, having been duly entered, c< remain undetermined."

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Yurnet took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning Supply Bill; next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Annuitie* upon the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England, to be charged on the UUC5> Duties on Coals and Culm, granted by an Act, of the Ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and since made perpetual; and for further applying the Produce of the Sinking Fund towards the Redemption of sundry Annuities, payable to the South Sea Company; and Bank of England.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Grosvenor, 'Nix. Williams, Bricks Sir John Hind Cotton, Mr. Masters, Mr. Wimington, and Tiles

Mr; Bold\ Mr* Bootle, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Rowney, Mr. making.

Edwards, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the more effectual preventing Abuses in the making of Bricks and Tiles, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock*

Sabbati, 40 die Maii;

Anno i° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1728.

Pray'ers.

f}RDERED, That it beaninstructiontothe Gentlemenj Supply Bill 5 who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill Duties on for repealing the prefenc Duties on Wine Lees imported, ^inc Lec,> and laying new Duties thereon, that they do prepare a Clause for Relief of such Persons, as have omitted to bring Certificates of the landing of Silks, and Stuffs

mixt

Coal(lev, &c Road.

Earl of Buchan's Estate.

Hockliffe

Road.

limitation of Actions.

Coalflcy, i Road.

d. 1728*.

mixt with Silk, on the Coast of Africa, and other men, and other Inhabitants, living in and near the Places. . several Towns of Wednesbury, Darlaston, and Willenhall,

in the County of Stafford; and the Petition of several of A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inha- the Trustees, named in an Act of Parliament, passed in bitants of the several Townships of Wolverhampton, the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King fettenhall, and Bilston, in the County of Stafford, on be- George the First:, for repairing the Roads leading from half of themselves, and the neighbouring Towns and VII- Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, to and from lages, and other Persons travelling the common Port several Places in the said Act mentioned; and also the Road between Birmingham and Shrewsbury, was presented Petition of ch<* Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants to the House, and read; setting forth, that an Act passed of the several Townships of Wolverhampton, TettenhalL\

130 Georgii i®1, for erecting Turnpikes upon the Poll and Bilston, in the County of Stafford, on behalf of Road, leading from Birmingham to Gibbet Lane, within themselves, and the neighbouring Towns and Villages, a Mile of Wolverhamptoti, with Intent to amend the said and other Persons travelling the common Post Road Post Road; but there being a Bill depending in the between Birmingham and Shrewsbury \ were read.

House, for repairing a Road-leading out of the said Post And the Counsel were heard, and several Witnesses Road to a Place called Coaljley, which is a private Village, were examined.

with the Money, taken from Persons using the said Post And the Counsel, and Wirncfles, being withdrawn;

Road, tire same cannot be amended, nor is any thing yet Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

done towards repairing that Road, nor will any Person Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Digby,

travelling the said Poll Road, be any ways the better for Sir Adolphus Oughton, Mr. Leveson Gower, Sir Wm. the said private Road: And praying, that they may be Wyndham, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. heard by their Counsel against the Bill to repair the Road Buncombe, Mr. Robtnfon, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Lutwyc/te, from Great Bridge to Coaljley aforesaid. Mr. Brereton, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Huxley, Lord Chetwynd,

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, Mr. Harrison, Mr. Bacon, Lord Lewisham, Sir Walter until the Bill for impowering the Trustees appointed to Baggot, Mr. Geers, Mr. Longueville> Mr. Drummond,

?at in Execution-Pa,rt of an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Mr. Cross, Mr. Cholmondley, Sir Archer Crofts, Sir John ear of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Aftley, Mr. Peyto, Mr. Wyndham, Mr. Compton; and all First, for repairing the Roads leading from Birmingham the Members that serve for the* Counties of Northamp-in the County of Warwick, to and from the several Places ton, Warwick, Stafford, Worcester, Oxon, Salop, and in the said Act mentioned, to repair the Load from Great Chester: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five Bridge in the County of Stafford\ to Coaljley, in the said of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

County, be read a Second time; and that the Petitioners Ordered, That it be an Infttuftion to the Committee, be then heard by their Counsel against the said Bill, if to whom the said Bill is committed, that they have Power they think fit, to receive a^lause, to provide that the Roads, which

are to be repaired, pursuant to the Act, passed in the An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Thirteenth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, for repairing for vesting in Trustees divers Lands in the several the Roads from Birmingham, in the County of Warwick,

Counties of Berks, Bucks, Wilts, Oxford, and York, the to and from the several Places in the said Act mentioned,

Estate of David, Earl of Buchan, for the Purposes be repaired in the Tirlt place. -therein mentioned, was read the First time. J -

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. And then the House adjourned till Monday

Morriing, Nine of the Clock.

An ingrossed Bill for more effectual amending, the __________' ~ ____' __________

Highway between Hockliffe and Woburne in the County ' ": " "

of Bedford, and for repairing the Road leading through LuntZ 6° die Mail

Woburne to Tickford Bridge, in Newport Pagneli, in the,

County of Bucks, was read the Third time. Anno r* Georgii Ua- Regis, 1728.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass;,a,nd that the Title be, An Act for moreeff^ftual amending the Highway between Hockliffe and* Woburne, in the County of Bedford, and for repairing (he Road, leading through Wo-m burne to Tickfqri Bridge, in Newport Pagneli, in the; A Bill to enable the Cocknfissioners of the Treasury, Commission-County of Bucks. , or the -Lord HiglV'Twfaibfer-for the Time being, to ersofHawk-

Ordered, That Mr. Compton do carry the Bill to the . compound'With GSOfjg^owffenil*‘Mount ague Bacon, John ers,&c^Debt Lords, and desire their Concurrence^ Aitwood, dnd John BtrkKhtte Commissioners for licens- 10 lheCr0W*

irtg Hawkers*, Pedlars,1 aihd petty Chapmen, for a Debt

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, they (land charged with -to the Crown, was read a intituled, An Act> for rendering Part of the Act for Second time. ': 1 ' 1

Limitation of Actions, and for avoiding Suits in Law, Resolvedjlf hat the Bill be committed.

more effectual, be read a Second time upon this Day. Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee

Sevennight. . /; of the whole House.

Resolved, That thisTJoufe will, upop Thursday Morn-The Order of the Day being read.;: r. ,ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

The Counsel for and, against the Bill for impowering House, upon the said Bill, the Trustees, appointed to put in Execution Part ol an '.

Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his An ingrossed Bill for repairing and enlarging, the Road Rochestert«

late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the leading from St. Margfrfps Church,. in Rochester, to Maidstone, Roads leading from Birmingham, in the County of If ar- Maidstone, and from' thence % o Mailing Heath, through wick, to and from the several Places in the said Act Barming Wood's, in the; County of Kent, was read the mentioned, to repair the Road from Great Bridge, in the Third time.

Countyr of Stafford, to Coaljley, in the said County, were Refolded, That the Bill do pafsj and that the Title called in H be, An Act for repairing and^eplarging the Roadieadino-

And the Bill was read a Second time. . from the House, called The Sign of the Bells, in the

And the Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Parish of St, Margaret, Sk Rochester, to Maidstone, and Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants, living in, and near other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Kent. the Market Town of Dudley, in the County of Worcester; Ordered, That Mr. 'Finch do carry the Bill to the

and the Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, TradeW Lcrds, and desire their Concurrence.

x5 A Bill

Pr A YERS.; _ '

*tAMES Delerme tooks the 04h$ appointed, in J order to his Naturalization.

40 — 6° M

GOO^k

Incumbrance on Donogh-more Lands.

1 South Sea Company.

Leave of

Absence.

Sheldon's

Estate.

Lora

Riverfton's

Outlawry.

Apprentices to Woollen Trade.

Grafton

Inclosure.

i Geo. II. 6° Mali. 153

A Bill for discharging an Incumbrance on the Lands of Donoghmore, Part of the Bishoprick of Cloyne, in In* land, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Doddington, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Kelfall, Mr. Scrape, Mr. Sandys, Lord Fitz William, Lord Limerick, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Wither, Mr. Plumer, Sir Robert Furnefe, Mr. Stanhope, Sir Wm. Willys, Mr. Philips, Mr. calfe, Lord Vane, Mr. Jacomb, Mr. Tilfon, Mr. Camp-belly Mr. Tufnell, Mr. Clayton, Sir Edmund Bacon, Sir Nath. Curfon, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Offiey, Sir ZiTiw. Barker, Mr. Oc/i, Mr. Geers, Sir Tj&0. /foikf, Mr. Bondy Mr. St. John, Mr. Hacks, Mr. Alderman Child, Mr. Walter, Sir Edward Knatchbull, Sir Wilfrid Lawson, Mr. Huxley, Sir Geo. Oxenden, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Hughes, Lord Chetwynd, Mr. Child, Mr. Shuttleworthy Sir Wm. Tonge, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Brereton, Lord Gage, Mr. Robinson, Colonel Bladen, Sir John Hobart, Mr. Townsend, Mr. Torke, Mr. Digby, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Clarke, Mr. Turner, Mr. Cafar, Sir Nathanael Gould, Mr. Furness, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Vincent, Sir Orlando Bridgman, Mr. Munro, Colonel Read, Mr. Waller, Mr. Hales, Mr. Fane, Lord Inchiquin, Mr. Bradshaw, Mr. Medlicot, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Boone, Mr. Ducket: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Report of the Trustees for railing Money on the Estates of the late Directors of the South Sea Company, and others, be taken into Consideration upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That John Hilton, Esquire, have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of Francis Sheldon, Esquire, a Lunatick, for discharging the Debts and Incumbrances affecting the fame, be read the Third time upon Thursday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill for Relief of Hyacinthus Richard Nugent, commonly called Lord Riverston, in the Kingdom of Ireland, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act for Relief of Hyacinthus Richard Nugent.

Ordered, That the Lord Viscount Fitz William do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Justices, met at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, held for the County of Gloucester on the Thirtieth Day of April, Anno Domini 1728, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that, for want of a Law, to limit the Number of Apprentices, taken by Weavers, and others, concerned in the Woollen Manufacture, their Number is so increased, that the Trade is not sufficient to employ and mantain them, and their Families, who are reduced to great Want, and are become a great Burthen to the Parishes, where to they belong: And praying, that some Provision may be made, for limiting the Number of their Apprentices.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Thursion and Mr. Masham:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling Charles, Duke of Grafton, Lord of the Manor of Grafton, in the County of Northampton, to inclose the common Fields and waste Grounds within the said Manor, in pursuance of several Agreements between the said Duke, and the Reftor and Churchwardens of the Parish of Grafton Regis,*nd to establish the said Agreements; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Treasurer acquainted the House, that he had a Vol. 21,

Message from his Majesty to this House, signed by his. Message from Majesty: And he presented the same to the House; and the KinS-it was read by Mr. Speaker; and is as followeth; viz.

GEORGE, R.

His Majesty being under some Engagements, entered^ into, and concerted, with the Advice and Concurrence of the last Parliament, for securing the Trade and Navigation of this Kingdom, and for restoring and preserving the Peace of Europe; and having been enabled to answer and defray the Charge and Expences thereof, as far as they have hitherto become due and payable; and there being (till wanting a Sum, not very considerable, to perfect and fulfil these Obligations; his Majesty relying upon the Duty and Affection of his Commons, hopes, they will enable him to discharge such Engagements, as Hill remain unsatisfied upon this Head of Service.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, take his Majesty s most gracious Message into Consideration.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Ways ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole and Means. House, to confided further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Encouraging Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Volunteer the Bill for encouraging Seamen, who shall enter volun- Scamfn-tarily into his Majesty's Service.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Strickland took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Strickland reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they haddirested him to report, when the House will please to receive the same;

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

The Order, for the House to resolve itself into a Com- Milbanfc mittee of the whole House, upon the Bill for making new Church. Provision for the Rector of the new Church, situate near Milbank, in the Parish of St. Margaret, Westminster, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, being read;

Ordered, That the Account of the Money, paid into the Exchequer, arisen upon the Duty on Coals and Culm (continued by an Act, of the Fifth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, for building new Churches, and for the Supply of that Year) from the Twenty-fifth of Mareh,

1719, to the Twenty-fifth of March, 1728, and also an Account, how the same has from time to time been applied, distinguishing each Year, be referred to the said Committee. .; A

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Carp- . mittee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, to prevent the said Church being holden in Commendam. ‘

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee. ';

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Clayton, of Sundon, took the Chair of the Committee. '

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Clayton, of Sundon, reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, ^nd made several Amendments thereunto, which they haddirested him to . ‘

report, when the House will please to receive the same.1

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Wednesdqp Morning next. ‘

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Mom- Stepney new ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whose Charches. House, upon the Bill for uniting the Moieties, or Portions, of the Rectory of St. Dunfian, Stepney, alias Stebun-heath, and for making one Rector full Incumbent of the said Rectory; and for converting the Chapel at Poplar jo-

to a Parish Church, and appointing a District, or a new Q q Parish,

154 6° — l

Parish, for the fame; and for the Maintenance of the Ministers of Five new Churches, at Stratford' (Bow) Poplar, Spittlefields, flapping and

and for redrawing the Churchwardens of the said Five new Churches from disposing of the Pews, and Places in Pews, without the Content of the Vestry; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

. ..... _ Resolved, That this House will, upon next.

Annuities ' at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee charged on of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting an Aid Coal Dudes, f0 his Majesty, by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of &c' England, to be charged on the Duties on Coals and

Culm, granted by an Act, of the Ninth Year of the Reign, of her late Majesty Queen -dnnt, and since made perpetual; and for further applying the Produce of the Sinking Fund towards the Redemption of sundry Annuities, payable to the South Sea Company, and Bank of Englandj and nothing to intervene.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, y° die Maii;

Anno i° Georgii IIdl Regis, 1728.

Prayers.

THE House being informed, that Mr. Chocke, from the Exchequer, attended at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Loans, &c. An Account of what Loans, and Exchequer Bills, on Land Tax. upon the Land Tax for the Year 1726, did remain un-- discharged on the Twenty-ninth of September, 1727, and how many of the same have been since discharged; and also,

Loam, Sec. An Account of what Loans and Exchequer Bills, on Malt Tax. upon the Malt Tax for the Year 1726, did remain un-discharged on the Twenty-ninth of September, 1727, and how many of the same have been since discharged and also,

Intereston An Account of what Money has been paid, to Lady-Loins, Sec* jayt 1728, for Interest, and Charge of Circulation, on I/)ans, and Exchequer Bills, upon the Land and Malt Taxes for the Year 1726.

And then he withdrew.

.. And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are bound up with the other ... Papers of this Session.

Edinburgh Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, Petty to whom the Bill to explain the Acts, of the Third and Customs. Years of his late Majesty's Reign, for continuing

the Duty of Two Penies Scots on every Pint of Ale and Beei) fold in the City of Edinburgh, in relation to the Payment of Petty Port Customs, is committed, that they s have Power to receive a Clause, for the more effectual securing the Payment of such Money, as hath been, or ffiMlbe,' contributed towards a charitable Fund, for Relief of such, as shall suffer by Fire in the said City, Suburbs, and Liberties thereof.

Grafton Am ingrossed Bill' froth the Lords, intituled, An Act inclosure. for enabling Charles, Duke of Grafton, Lord of the Ma-jioro(Grafton, in the County of Northampton, to inclosej ihfc commdn Fields and waste Grounds within the said1 Manor, in pursuance of several Agreements between the said Duke, and the Reftor and Churchwardens of the ' v Parish of Grafton Regis, and to establish the said Agreements, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Earl of An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Suffolk's for impowering the honourable Charles Howard, Esquire, Estate.

0Matt. 1728.

to raise Money by Sale, or Mortgage, of the Manors of Walden, alias Chipping Walden, Brook Walden, and other Manors and Lands therein mentioned, for Payment of the Debts of Charles William, late Earl of Suffolk and Bindon, deceased, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hampden, Mr. Hamilton, Lord Wm. Pow'et, Mr. Bacon, Mr.

Wither, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Waller, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Holland,

Sir Charles Turner, Lord Limerick, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Ja« . comb, Sir Archer Croft, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Corbett, Mr.

Onslow, Mr. Finch, Lord Finch, Sir Nicholas Williams,

Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Clayton, Mr.

Chetwynd, Mr. Edwards, Mr. Fane, Mr. Duckett, Sir Wilfrid Lawson, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Geers,

Dr. Sayer,| Mr. Winnington, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Brereton,

Mr. Owen> Sir OrL Bridgman, Colonel Howard, Mr. Herbert, Sir John Hobart, Mr- Vernon, Sir Wm. Barker, Mr.

Compton, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Serjeant Birch, Mr. Lawson,

Mr. Earl, Mr. Child, Mr. Longueville, Mr Alderman Child, Mr. Harvey, Mr. CornewaU, Mr. Walcott, Sir Nathanael Gould, Mr. Keymis, Mr. Watkyns Williams Wynn,

Mr. Oglethorpe, Sir Wm. Thompson, Sir Wm. Wyndham,

Sir Edward Knatchbull, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Campbell,

Mr. Barnard, Mr. Monro, Sir Halfwell Tynte, Mr. Bootle,

Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Fork, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Newland,

Mr. Lifter, Sir John Aftley, Mr. Potenger, Mr Colly ear.

Lord Galway, Mr. Lumley, Mr. Orlebar, Mr. Booth, Mr.

Bathurst\ and all the Members that serve for the County of Essex: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir Charles Turner presented to the House (according Seamen's to Order) a Bill for granting to his Majesty an Aid of Wage*. Five hundred thousand Pounds, and for the constant, regular, and punctual Payment of Seamens Wages; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Scourfield'i for veiling the real Estates of William Scourfteld, the Ellatcs. elder, Esquire, Catharine, his Wife, Wi liam Scourfteld, the younger, Esquire, and Anne, his Wife, in the Counties of Pembroke and Brecon, in Trustees, to certain Uses therein mentioned, was read a Second time. v

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gwyn Vaughan, Sir Nicholas Williams, Sir Wm. Tonge, Lord Finch, Mr. Earle, Sir Walter Bagot, Sir Edmund Bacon,

Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Vyner, Mr. York, Mr. Williams, Mr. Ducket, Sir Hump. Howorth, Mr. Bramston,

Mr. Geers, Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Onslow, Mr.

Vincent, Mr. Scawen, Mr. Plumer, Sir Wm. Wyndham,

Mr. Winnington, Mr. Verney, Mr. Edwards, Mr. Alderman Child, Mr. Pelham, M r. Longueville, Sir Wilfrid Lawson, General Ross, Mr. Bristow, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Sandys,

Mr. Wyther, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Fane, Mr. Hamilton,

Mr. Phillips, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Owen, Mr.

Waller, Mr. Holland, Sir Wm. Barker, Mr. Compton,

Mr. Bertie, Mr. Chetwynd, Lord Wm. Powlett, Mr. Serjeant Birch, Mr. CornewaU, Mr. Walcott, Mr. Harvey,

Sir Nathanael Gould, Mr. Kernyf, Sir Archer Crofts, Mr.

Wynn, Mr. Og/ethorp, Su Wm. Thompson, Mr. Thompson, Sir Edward Knatchbull, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Alder-

man Barnard, Mr. Munro, Sir Halfwell Tynte, Mr. Bootle,

Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Newland, Mr. Lifter, Sir John Aftley,

Mr. Potenger, Mr. Child, Mr. Watkyn Williams Wynne; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of ' Radnor, Brecon, and Pembroke: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, iti the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Offices an(j indemnifying Persons, who have omitted to take the Employment*. Oaths, or Assurance, or otherwise to qualify themselves for. Offices and Employments, within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; and that Mr. Attorney-General and Mr. Forbes do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

24 Orderea

'.8.

5 Of her of nd

i Geo. II.

7* — 8° Mail.

*55

Disarming the Highlands, &c.

Ty nee's

Marriage

Articles.

iiust

Delerme's

Nat.

isi'i

Scotch

forfeited

Estates.

Address on King's Message.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for explaining and amending an Act, of the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act for more effectually disarming the u Highlands in that Part of Great Britain, called Scot-<c land, and for the better securing the Peace and Quiet " of that part of the Kingdom;" and for amending and explaining divers Statures, touching the Growth of Popery, and the raising of Muirburn; and for impowering the Courts in Scotland to adjourn for Ten Days in the Winter Session; and that Mr. Forbes and Mr. Arefkine do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Winnington reported from the Committee, to whom the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estate of Sir Halfwell Tynte, Baronet, and Dame Mary, his Wife, in Right of Dame Mary, in Trustees, to be settled to the Uses in their Marriage Articles, was committed , that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true i and that the Parties concerned had given their Con-fents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

The said Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Winnington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Bill for naturalizing James Delerme, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Potenger, Mr. Holland, Mr. Ducket, Mr. York, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Gybbon, Sir John Norris, Mr. Norris, Mr. Earl, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Wynn, Mr. Booth, Mr. Sandys, Lord Gage, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Bowles, Sir Walter Bagott, Mr. Bramston, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Gwyn, Sir Wilfrid Lawson, Mr. Lawson, Mr. Wither, Mr. Whitworth, Dr. Sayer, Mr. Fane, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Brijiow, Mr. Waller, Mr. Pringle, Mr. Forbes, General Ross, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Hacks, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Munro, Mr. Douglass, Mr. Hungerford, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Parsons, Mr. Orlebar, Sir Edward Knatchbull, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Leveson Gower, Mr. Alderman Parsons, Mr. Alderman Child, Mr. Williams, Mr. Perry, Sir Adolphus Oughton, Mr. Foley, Mr. Cross: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir Charles Turner (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act " for Sale of such of the forfeited Estates in that Part " of Great Britain called Scotland, as remain unfold, and " are vetted in the Crown, and for determining such " Claims on the said Estates, as, having been duly entered, remain undetermined," was committed; the Amendments, the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the said Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be . ingossed.

The'House (according to Order) proceeded to take into Consideration his Majesty's most gracious Message, of Yesterday.

And the farm was again read by Mr. Speaker.

And aMotion being made, and the Question being put, Vol. 21.

That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, to declare the Duty and Fidelity of this House to his Majesty, and the intire confidence, which they repose in his royal Care of, and Goodness to, his People; and to assure his Majesty, that this House will enable his Majesty to answer and defray the Charges and Expences, that still remain unsatisfied, of the Engagements, entered into, and concerted, for securing the Trade and Navigation of this Kingdom, and for restoring and preserving the Peace of Europe;

The House divided:

The Y eas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas, £ U^iVat^clawynd: |a^-

Tellers for

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by the whole House.

Or4ered, That such Members of this House, as are of his Majesty's most honourable Privy Council, do humbly know his Majesty's Pleasure, when he will be attended by this House.

Ordered, That Sir Orlando Bridgman, Mr. La Rcch, Lord Fitz Williams, Mr. Finch, Mr. Herbert, Mr Jen-nifon. Sir Robert Rich, Mr. Vane, Lord Morpeth, Sir Robert Clifton, Mr. Fortescue, Mr. Colly ear, Mr. Cornwall, Sir Edmund Bacon, Lord Wm. Powlett, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for Sale of the Estate of Sir Richard Kennedy, Baronet, deceased, in the Kingdom of Ireland, forfeited during the Life of Sir Wm. Kennedy, his Great Uncle, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 8° die Mali;

Anno i° Georgii lldl Regis, 1728. Prayers.

MR. Treasurer reported to the House, that his Majesty having been waited upon, pursuant to the Order of Yesterday, humbly to know, when he would please to be attended by this House; his Majesty had been pleased to appoint this Afternoon, at Two of the Clock, at his Palace of St James.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting in Trustees divers Lands in the several Counties of Berks, Bucks, Wilts, Oxford, and York, the Estate of David, Earl of Buchan, for the Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Hucks, Mr. Cunningham, Mr. Bladen, Mr. Bond, Mr. Wyndham, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Cross, Mr. Lewis, Sir Charles Turner, Sir John Rushout, Mv.Gwynn, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Gybbon, Mr.7/«-gerford, Mr. Geers, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Vemey, Mr. Hed-worth. Sir Edward Knatchbull, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Norris, Mr. Erejkine, Mr. Munro, Sir James Campbell, Nix.Hamilton, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Bertie, Colonel Bladen, Dr. Sayer, Mr. Metcalf; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Berks, Bucks, Wilts, Oxon, York, and for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Clayton, of Sundon (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for making Provision for the Rector of the new Church, situate near Milbank, in the Parish of St. Margaret, Westminster, and for other purposes therein mentioned, wascommitted, the Amendments, the Committee had made to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his

Place.

Kennedy's

Estate.

King appoints to be attended.

Earl of Buchan's Estate*

Milbank new Church.

A. 1738

Earl of Buchan's Estate.

Seamen's

tVagw.

Stepney new Churches

Supply Bill; Annuities charged on Coal Duties,

*c.

156

8° — 90 Maii.

Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table j where the said Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Petition of Pafton Heme, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that there is a Bill depending in the House, for vesting in Trustees divers Lands in the several Counties of , Bucks , Oxoh, and York; and the Petitioner is advised, that the Right of Inheritance to Part of the said Lands is legally vested in the Petitioner; and, if the said Bill should pats into a Law, it would greatly prejudice his Title to the Premises: And praying, that he may be heard by his Counsel against the said Bill, before the same do pals.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be made from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting in Trustees divers Lands in the several Counties of Berks, Bucks, Wilts, Oxford, and York, the Estate of David, Earl of Buchan, for the Purposes therein mentioned, is committed; and that the Petitioner be then heard by his Counsel against the said Bill if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard for the said Bill at the same time.

A Bill for granting to his Majesty an Aid of Five hundred thousand Pounds, and for the constant, regular, and punctual. Payment of Seamen's Wages, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for uniting the Moieties, or Portions, of the Rectory of St.Dunstan, Stepney, alias Stebunheath, and for

making one Reftorfull Incumbent of the said Rectory; and for converting the Chapel at Poplar into a Parish Church, and appointing a District, or new Parish, for the fame; and for the Maintenance of the Ministers of Five new Churches, at Stratford (Bow) Poplar, fields, Wapping (Stepney)and Lifnehouse; and forreftrain-

ing the Churchwardens of the said Five new Churches from disposing of the Pews, and Places in Pews, without the Content of the Vestry; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee , of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by Sale Of Annuities to the Bank of England, to be charged on the Duties on Coals and Culm, granted by an Act, of the Ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and fence made -perpetual; and for further applying the produce of the Sinking Fund towards the Redemption of sundry Annuities, payable to the South Sea Company, and Bank of England.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 90 die Maii;

Anno i* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1728.

Prayers.

MR. Vincent presented to the House (according to Order) a Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for building a Bridge cross the River of Thames, from the Town of Fulham, in the County of Middlesex, to the Town of Putney, in the County of Surrey, and for making the said Act m ire effectual; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Fulham and Putney Bridge.

A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are there- Stepney new unto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and others, Churches, being Gentlemen.Lmdlords, Owners of Estates, Holders of Lands, and Inhabitants, of the Hamlet of in

the Parish of Stehunheath, aliai Stepney, and several Inhabitants, paying to the Church and Poor's Rates, and other Inhabitants, Householders of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the said Hamlet consists of about 1,000 Acres of Land, let at £. 3 per Acre, about 600 Houses, worth, one with another, at £. 3 per Annum, Four Ship Yards, valued at £. 600. per Annum, and some Wharfs: That the Land keeps up to its former Value, but the Houses, and Ship Yards, are funk, within 25 Years, One-half of their former Rent, and now One-third Part are empty, and those inhabited are chiefly by Sailors, Fishermen, and other poor industrious Men, and not above 170 of them are rated to the Poor; so that, was it not for the Land, the Petitioners would not be able to maintain their Poor:

That the Chapel of Poplar was built in the Year 1653, at the Expence of the East India Company, and the then Inhabitants, who were the Petitioners Predecessors, and large Contributors thereto, and divine Worship hath been performed Morning and Afternoon, on Sundays, and on Holidays, and other Prayer Days, weekly, ever fence; and the Inhabitants, and others, referting thereto, have constantly paid the Minister for the Pews, which, with an Allowance by the East India Company, and the Surplice and other Fees, have been a sufficient Maintenance for the Minister: That, should the Sum of £.2,500. be allowed by the Bill, now depending in the House, for making the said Hamlet of Poplar a Parish, for t he better endowing the said intended Church, the Petitioners apprehend, the fame, with the other Fees and Dues, will be a sufficient Provision for the intended Rector, without making any Pound Rate and, if the sum of £. 50. per Annum be raised by the said Bill upon the Inhabitants of Houses, Lands, 13c. in Poplar (considering the Poverty of the People) it will be an insupportable Burthen upon them, and greatly occasion reducing the number of Inhabitants paying to the Poor: And praying, that they may be heard by themselves, or Counsel, against such Part of the said Bill, wherein the Petitioners apprehend themselves to be aggrieved.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for uniting the Moieties, or Portions, of the Rectory of St. Dunstant Stepney, alias Stebunheath, and for making one Rector full Incumbent of the said Rectory, and for converting the Chapel at Poplar into a Parish Church, and appointing aDi ft rift, or a new Parish, for the fame, and for the Maintenance of the Ministers of Five new Churches, at Stratford (Bow) Poplar, Spittle* fields, Wapping (Stepney) and Limebeufe, and for reftram-ing the Churchwardens of the said Five new Churches from disposing of the Pews, and Places in Pews, without the Consent of the Vestry, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard by 1 heir Counsel before the said Committee, against the said Bill, if they think-fit.

A Petition

t

i Geo. II.

Man.

*57

Sttpney new Churches.

to Film

ft, Pr» i. % '

fs

e

e

e

Stepney a: Chunk.

A Petition of several Justices of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenants, and Gentlemen, having Estates in the Parish of Stepney, alias Stebunheath, and the Inhabitants paying Scotland Lot in the said Parish, and Hamlets within the same, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that there is a Bill depending in the House, for uniting the Moieties, or Portions, of the Rectory of St. Dunstan, Stepney, alias Stebunheath, and for making one Rector full Incumbent of the said Rectory, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; in which Bill there is a Clause, that gives a very great Power-to a select Vestry, by debarring the Churchwardens from disposing of Pews, without Leave of the said Vestry; and the arbitrary Power of select Vestries hath always been a very great Burthen to the Petitioners: There is also another Clause, whereby the old Modus, is to be altered of Easter Offerings, small Tythes, and Garden Penies, and, in lieu thereof, the Ministers are to have a Pound Rate upon all the Inhabitants within the Limits of the Five new Parities, mentioned in the Bill, without any Exception: And praying, that the old Modus may be continued, instead of a Pound Rate, and that the Petitioners may be heard by themselves against the said Clauses, before the said Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Commit tec of the whoie House, to whom the Bill for uniting the Moieties, or Portions, of the Rectory of St. Dun ft an, Stepney, alias Stebunheath, and for making one Rector full Incumbent of the said Rectory, and for converting the Chapel at Poplar into a Parish Church, and appointing a District, or a new Parish, for the lame, and for the Maintenance of the Ministers of Five new Churches, at Stratford (Bow) Poplar, Spittle-fields, Wrapping (Stepney) and Limehouse, and for restraining the Churchwardens of the said Five new Churches from disposing of the Pews, and Places in Pews, without the Consent of the Vestry; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, is committed.

Edinburgh Mr. John Campbell reported from the Committee, to Petty whom the Bill to explain the Acts, of the Third and Cu om?» Ninth Years of his late Majesty's Reign, for continuing the Duty of Two Penies Scots on every Pint of Ale and Beer, fold in the City of Edinburgh, in relation to the Payment of the Petty Port Customs, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true, and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the said Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and another Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Brick* and Mr. Alderman Child reported from the Committee, to Tile making, whom the Bill for the more effectual preventing Abuses in the Making of Bricks and Tiles, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the said Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That the Act shall not extend to hinder Persons, seised or possessed of freehold or copyhold Estates, from making Bricks of the Earth of such Estates, for their own Buildings.

Vol. 21.

And the said Clause was twice read, with a Blank; which was filled up.

And the Question being put, that the said Clause be made Part of the Bill;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Attorney General presented to the House (accord- Offices and ing to, Order) a Bill for indemnifying Persons, who have EmPlorments-omitted to take the Oaths, or Assurance, or otherwise to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto Law* for subscribed, for putting in Execution an Act, passed in the repairing Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Hi£hways' George, for repairing the Road, leading from Studley Bridge, through Chippenham, in the County of Wilts, to the Top of Dog hill, in the County of Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners have done all they could towards putting the said Act in Execution; but great Numbers of riotous and disorderly Persons have at several Times, both by Day and Nighr, cut down and destroyed the Turnpike Gates, set up and erected; by which Means the said Act is rendered ineffectual: And praying the Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

' And it is referred to Mr. Holland, Colonel Berkeley?

Sir John Eyles, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. Tufnell, Mr. Sandys, Sir Charles Turner,

Mr. Alderman Child, Mr. Serjeant Chappell, Mr. Shep-heari, Mr. Child, Mr. Hungerford, Sir Thomas Abdy,

Mr. Scawen, Mr. Serjeant Sheppard, Mr. Onslow, Mr. St.

John, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Phillipps, Lord Wm. Powlett,

Mr. Vincent, Mr. Taylor, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Bacon,

Sir Tho. Hales, Mr. Hales, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Bond, Sir Tho. Read, Colonel Read, Mr. Scrope, Mr. Fane, Lord Finch, Mr. Finch, Sir John Dutton, Mr. Lifter, Sir IVm.

Wyndham, Mr. Wyndham, Mr. Bowles, Sir John Norris,

Mr. Norris, Mr. Fortescue, Mr. Glanville, Mr. Maifler,

Sir Nathanael Gould, Sir Gilbert Heathcote, Sir John Ruflmt, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Bertie; and all the Members, that serve for the Counties of Wilts, Gloucester, and Somerset: And they are to meet this Afternoon, ac Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Performance oblige Ships, coming from Places infefted, more effec- of . tually to perform their Quarantine, and for the better QBaranhnc* preventing the Plague being brought from foreign Parts into Great Britain, or Ireland, or the Isles of Guernsey,

Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, and to hinder the spreading of Infection; and that Mr. Attorney General,

Mr. Solicitor General, Sir John Eyles, and Mr. Barnard, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Masham, and Mr. Boroughs:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Crondall vesting an undivided Fifth Part of a leasehold Estate in Eitac. Crondall, in the County of Southampton, in Trustees, to be sold, and with the Money, arising by the Sale thereof, to purchase oneor more Estate or Estates in Possession, to be settled to the same Uses; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

R r Complaint,

158 9° — i °d Mail. 1728.

Delivery of Complaint* being nradb to House, that the*® had £^aion been some undue Practice in the Delivery of several of the ms' Writs, for Electing Members to serve in this present Parliament, particularly, tho(e<fof* the Counties of Salop, Chester, Carnarvon, Angkfta, Montgomery, and Denbigh',

Ordered, That Mr. Robert Brifcoe, the Messenger attending the Great Seal, do attend this House To* morrow Morning.

Ordered, Tha? the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, with the Returns for the Counties of Salon, Chester, Carnarvon, Angkfea, Montgomery, and Denbigh.

Answer to Mr. Speaker reported, that the House attended his Address. Majesty Yesterday with thei* Address -y to which his Majesty was pleased to give this most gracious Answer; VJZ.

Gentlemen,

I return you my Thanks for this very dutiful and affectionate Address; and you may be adjured, that t,he Trust and Confidence, you repose in me, shall be employed for the Publick Good, and in Support of the common Canfe.

The Orders of th* Day being read;

Call of the Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned

House. until this-Day Month.

Commis- The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a sioners of Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable DebnoVheC* Commissioners of the Treasury, or the Lord High Crown. Treasurer, for the Time being, to compound with George, Tawnjend, Montague Bacon, John Atwood, and John Burton, late Commissioners for licensing Hawkers, Pedlars, and petty Chapmen, for a Debt, they stand charged with to the Crown.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the-Committee;

Mr. Speaker rcfiimed the C1kwp.

Sir Charles Turner reported from- the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments, thereunto, which they had directed bim to report, when die House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

South Sea The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Company. Report of the Trustees for railing Money on the Estates of the late Directors of the South. Sea Company, and others.

And the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be printed; and that Mf. Speaker da appoint the printing thereof; and that no Perform but ftch as he shall appoint, do prefunse to-print the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to disc barge the Trustees of the South Sea Company of their Trust, and to vest in the said Company the Estates, which were vested in the said Trustees by an Act, of the Seventh Year of his late Majesty's Reign, for raising Money upon the Estates of the late Directors of the South Sea Company, and others, and which remain undisposed of, together with the Produce of such Estates and Effects, as have been disposed of by the said Trustees and that Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Gybbon, and Mr* Jacomby do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sheldon's The Order for reading the Third time the ingossed Eilat*.- Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of Francis Sheldon, Esquire, a Lunatick, for discharging the Debt* and Incumbrances, affeftfog the fame, being read;

The Counsel for and against the said Bill were called in*

And the Bill was read the Third time;

And the Petition of John Dormer, Gentleman, was read.,

And the Counsel were heard: And a Witness. was examined by the* Counsel for the Bill.

And the Counsel, and Witness, being withdrawn;

Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

Re/blved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Lyttelton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That Sir Nathanael Curzon have Leave to South Sea make a Motion, it being part Four of the Clock. Company.

And he moved the House accordingly:

Ordered, That the Report of the Trustees, in whom the Estates of the late South Sea Directors, and of John Aifiabf, Esquire, afnd of James Craggs, senior, Esquire, were vested, which Report was presented to the House the Sixth Day of February, 1721, be printed; and that Mr, Speaker do appoint the printing thereof; and that no Person, but such as he shall appoint, do presume to print the feme.

Ordered, That the Report of the Trustees for railing Money on the Estates of the late Directors of the South Sea Company, and others, presented to the House the Twenty-fifth Day of April, 1726, be printed; and that Mr. Speaker do appoint the printing thereof; and that no Person, but such as he shall appoint, do presume to print the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Doddington, Mr. Compton, Mr. Kenney* Tufton, Sir Conyers Lf Arcy, Sir Michael Newton, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for Sale of the Estate of Sir Richard Kennedy, Baronet, deceased, in the Kingdom of Ireland, forfeited during the Life of Sir JWm* Kewiedy, his Great Uncle, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Ventris, io* Maii j Anna »° Georgii II4* Regis, 1728.

PR AYERS.

Writ, for the cleft ing a Burgess, to lerve in this preterit Parliament for the Borough of Agmondtsham, in the County of Bucks, in the room of Montagu Garrard Drake,

Esquire, deceased.

Sir Charles Turner (according to Order) reported from Cnmnvf-the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to of enable the Commissioners of the Treasury, or the Lord H.iwk-r.,&e. High Treasurer, for the Time being, to compound with ,he

George Townsend, Monique Bacon, John Atwood, and r°'

John Burton, late Commissioners for licensing Hawkers,

Pedlars, and petty Chapmen, for a Debt they stand charged with to the Crown, was committed, the Amendments, the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they bad directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the said Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House j and other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Botenger reported from the Committee to whom Delerme'*-the Bill for naturalizing Janus Delerme, was committed; Nw. that the Commktee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found- the same to be true; and had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrafted.

17 Sir

Ge<x II. io" Matt. 159

Supply B\U; Sir Charlts Turner presented to the House (according Duties on *q Older) & Bill for repealing the present Duties, payable wme Lees, ^pon Wiae Lees imported, and laying new Duties thereon, and for other Purposes therein mentioned j and the same was received, and read the First; time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Milbank An ingrossed Bill for making Provision for the Rector *ew Church. Gf the new Church, situate near Milbank-, in the Parish of St. Margaret, Westminster, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do past; and that the Title be. An Act for making Provision for the Rector of the new Church, situate near Milbank, in the Parish of St. Margaret, Westminster, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Clayton, of Sundon, do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. John Bermet and Mr. Masham:

Mr. Speaker,

Reading, &c. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Roads. for enlarging the Term granted by an Act, made fh' the Twelfth rear of the Heigh of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for repairing the Highways between the Bear Inn in Reading, and Puntfield, in the County of , and for making the said Act more effectual; and for amend-In* ing other Roads in this Act mentioned; with an Amend-

tb ment; to which Amendment the Lords defife the

Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Exon Writ, Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Citizen to serve in th'i6 present Parliament for the City of Exon, in the County of Devon, in the room

of Samuel Molynettx, Esquire, deceased.

the County of Wilts, the Turnpike Gates were cut down* and several Turnpikes near Bristol in the said County of Gloucester, were cut down and carried away; and the Houses, belonging to the said Gates, have been pulled/ down by Numbers of People, who came in a tumultuous and disorderly Manner.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to the following Resolution; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the disorderly Proceedings, complained of by the Petitioners, in pulling down and destroying, in & riotous and tumultuous Manner, Turnpikes, crested by Authority of Parliament, cannot be effectually prevented by the Laws now in Force.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for rendering more effectual the several Acts of Parliament, made for repairing the Roads within this Kingdom by Tolls, taken at Turnpikes; and that Mr. Holland\ Mr.

Scropey Colonel Berkeley, and Sir Joint Dutton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Clerk of the Crown attending (according to Delivery Order) with the Returns for the Counties of Salop, of Election Chester, Carnarvon, Anglesea, Montgomery, and Denbigh. Wms.

And the House being informed, that Mr. Robert Brifcoe, the Messenger attending the Great Seal, attended at the Door;

A Motion was made, that Mr. Brifcoe be now called

in.

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Debate be adjourned until this Day Fortnight;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Laws for Mr. Holland reported from the Committee, to whom repairing the Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto ways* subscribed, for putting in Execution an Act, passed in the Thirteenth YeaF of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, for repairing the Road leading from Studley Bridge, through Chippenham, in the County of Wilts, to the Top of Toghill, in the County of Gloucester, was referred; that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and haddirested him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, together with the Resolution of the Committee thereupon, to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read; and the Report* and Resolution of the Committee, are as follows; viz. That the Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, had examined the* Matter of the said Petition: And, to prove the Allegations thereof, William Lovelock, Receiver of the Toll, granted by the said Act, was examined, who said, that about Three Weeks after the Turnpike was ertfted, in pursuance of the said Act, at Marshfield, in the County of Gloucester, several Colliers, and other disorderly Persons, came in a tumultuous Manner, and cut down and carried the-Turnpike Gate away, and the Persons, who at tended at the Taid Gate, Were obliged to make their Escapes, for fear of being killed. And the same Evidence said, that the said Gate has been cut down Six or Seven times since by other Persons, who came disguised, and in Womens Apparel, in the same Manner: That now they are obliged to hire Six or Seven Soldiers at a time, to guard the said Turnpike Day and Night; which is a great Expence; and the Pretence they give for cutting down the fame, was, that there was no Act of Parliament for Turnpikes in those Parts, for that the King had not let his Hand to it.

And the same Witness gave Testimony, that at the Turnpike near Sodbury, the House belonging to the same was set on Fire; and' at Corsham, and Bay lifts Field*, in Vot. 21.

Tellers for the Yeas, j 150.

Tellers for the Noes, 90.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making more effectual the Provision, made by Law, for the due Delivery of Writs, for electing Members to serve in- Parliament; and that Mr. Hungerford, Sir John Aftley,

Mr. Lifter, Mr. William Lacon Childe, and Mr. Wat-kyn Williams Wynne9 do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Ordered, That Mr. Robert Brifcoe, the Messenger attending the Great Seal, do attend this House upon this Day, Fortnight.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House upon this Day forthight, with the Returns for the Counties of Salop, Chest dr, Carnarvon, Anglesea, Montgomery, and Denbigh.

The Order being read, for the House to resolve itself Supply Bill; into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by Sale of Annuities to Co^fLutk*. the Bank of'England, to be charged on the Duties on Coals and Culm, granted by an Act, of the Ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and since made perpetual; and for further applying the Produce of the Sinking Fund towands the Redemption of sundry Annuities, payable to the South Sea Company, and Bank of England;

Ordered, That it be an Instrudliofi to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, for prolonging the Time for applying the Three. Pounds per Centum Annuities, now lying as Cash in the Exchequer, to the Discharge of Nevis and St. Christopheri Debentures.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr.

160

io° — ii°

A. 1728.

Supply.

Ways and Means.

Encouraging

Volunteer

Seamen.

Stepney new Churches.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same*

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for encouraging Seamen, who shall enter voluntarily into his Majesty's Service, was committed, be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for uniting the Moieties, or Portions, of the Rectory of St. Dnnftan, Stepney, alias Stebunheath, and for making one Rector full Incumbent of the said Rectory; and for converting the Chapel at Poplar into a Parish Church, and appointing a District, or a new Parish, for the fame; and for the Maintenance of the Ministers of Five new Churches, at Stratford ( Bow) Poplar, Spittlefields, Wapping (Stepney) and Limehouse; and for retraining the Churchwardens of the said Five new Churches from disposing of the Pews, and Places in Pews, without the Consent of the Vestry j and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Sir Geo. Saundersy Mr* Trelawney, Colonel Ready Sir Tho. Ready Sir John Duttorty Sir Charles Reymis, Sir Robert Richy Mr. Corbet, Mr. Munroy Mr. Campbell, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Cornwallis, Mr. Hales, Sir John Monson, Mr. Conduity Mr. Early Mr. Williams Wynney Mr. Masters, Mr. Bold9 Mr. Hughes, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Bramfion, Mr. Pitty Mr. Tufton, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for impowering the Trustees, appointed to put in Execution Part of an Act, passed in the 13th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads leading from Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, to and from the several Places in the said Act mentioned, to repair the Road from Great Bridge, in the County of Stafford, to Coalfley, in the said County, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 11° die Mali;

Anno i* Georgii IP* Regis, 1728. Prayers.

AN ingossed Bill to enable the Commissioners of sioners*of the Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer, for

Hawkers, &e. the Time being, to compound with George Townfendy Debt to the Montague Bacon, John Attwood, and John Burton, late Crown. , Commissioners for licensing Hawkers, Pedlars, and petty Chapmen, for a Debt, they (land charged with to the Crown, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals j and that the Title be. An Act to enable the Commissioners of the Treasury,

Coalfley, &c. Road.

or the Lord High Treasurer, for the Time being, to compound with George Townsend, Montague Bacon, John Attwoody and John Burton, late Commissioners for licens* ing Hawkers, Pedlars, and petty Chapmen, for a Debt, they (land charged with to the Crown.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Turner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling Charles, Duke of Grafton, Lord of the Manor of Grafton, in the County of Northampton, to inclose the Common Fields and Waste Grounds within the said Manor, in pursuance of several Agreements between the said Duke, and the Rector and Churchwardens of the Parish of Grafton Regisy and to establish the said Agreements, was read a Second time*

Mr. Treasurer acquainted the House, that his Majesty, being informed of the Contents of the said Bill, had commanded him to acquaint this House, that his Majesty gives his Consent, that this House may do therein, as they think fit.

Resolved, That the said Bill be committed to Mr. Pelham, Mr* 'Treasurer, Mr. Wither, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Clayton, Sir Edmund Bacon, General Ross, Mr. Turner, Mr. Pley dell, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Huxley, Mr. Longueville, Sir Edward Knatchbully Mr. Claveringy Mr. Whitworth, Mr Oglethorpe, Mr Moore, Mr. Bramfion, Lord Micklethwaile, Mr. Fortescue, Mr. Heron, Mr. St. John, Mr. Potenger, Mr. Duncomb, Mr. Edwards, Mr. Grosvenor, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Sandys, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Monro, Mr. Scrope, Mr. Jacomb, Mr. Kelfall\ Sir Roger Meredith, Lord Wm Powlet, Mr. Compton, Mr. Bladen, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Cary, Colonel Negus, Mr. Lee, Mr. Cornwallis, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Liddell, Mr. Middleton, Colonel Norton, Colonel Read, Sir Thomas Lyttelton, Mr. Townsend, Mr. Metcalf Mr. Fane, Dr. Sayer, Mr. Scawen, Mr. OnfioWy Sir Wilfrid Lawson, Mr. Lawfony Mr. Tufnell, Mr. Alderman Child, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Wort ley, Mr. Vernon, Sir. Charles Turner, Mr. Towers, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Dr ax, Mr. Colly ear; and all the Members, that serve for the Counties of Northampton, Bucks, and Bedford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting an undivided Fifth Part of a leasehold Estate in Crondall, in the County of Southampton, in Trustees, to be sold, and with the Money, arising by the Sale thereof, to purchase one or more Estate or Estates in Possession, to be settled to the same Uses, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingossed Bill to explain the Acts, of the Third and Ninth Years of his late Majesty's Reign, for continuing the Duty of Two Penies Scots on every Pint of Ale and Beer, fold in the City of Edinburgh, in relation to the Payment of the Petty Port Customs, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act to explain the Acts, of the Third and Ninth Years of his late Majesty's, Reign fot continuing the Duty of Two Peny Scots on every Pint of Ale and Beer, fold in the City of Edinburgh, in relation to the Payment of Petty Port Customsj and for the more effectual securing the Payment of such Money, as hath been, or shall be, contributed towards a charitable Fund, for Relief of such, as shall suffer by Fire in the said City, and the Suburbs and Liberties thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. John Campbell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A MefTage from the Lords, by Mr. Lighthoun and Mr, Thomas Rennet 1

Mr.

Grafton

Inclosuse.

Oondall

Elhie.

Edinhrr^h

..Potty C u Hums.

i Geo. IL

ii° Mail.

i6i

Wlttewronge's

Estate.

Gnftfitt

InclosjK,

Evesham, &c. Roads.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estate, late of Sir John fVittewronge, Baronet, deceased, in the County of Bucks, in Trustees, to enable them to convey the same to the most noble Sarah, Duchess Dowager of Marlborough, the Purchaser thereof under a Decree of the high Court of Chancery; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

And also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and amending several Roads leading to and from the Borough of Evesham, in the County of Worcester, with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Hungerford prefen ted to the House (according to Wriis.n Order) a Bill for making more effectual the Provision, made by Law, for the due Delivery of Writs, for electing Members to serve in Parliament; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Bricks and An ingrossed Bill for the more effectual preventing

Tiles making Abuses in the making of Bricks and Tiles, was read the Third time.

The following Amendments were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press 2. L. 12. After thereof" to leave out to any Three or more of the Searchers, so to be appointed for the Place, where such Offence shall be conimit- ted

Press 3. L. 7. After whatsoever" to insert within the City of London, or Fifteen Miles thereof:"

Press 3. L. 8. After " every" to insert such."

The Lid Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for the more effectual preventing Abuses in the making of Bricks and Tiles, and for altering the Size of Bricks, made for Sale.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Child do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Supply Bill;

Duties ou Low Wiac».

Laws for

repairing

Highways.

Reading, & c. Roads.

A Bill for removing certain Doubts concerning the Continuance of the additional Duty of Two Pence per Gallon upon low Wines, and Spirits of the First Extraction from foreign Materials, 'granted by an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Holland presented to the House (according to Order) a Bill for rendering more effectual the several Acts of Parliament, made for repairing the Roads within this Kingdom by Tolls, taken at Turnpikes; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House proceeded to take into Confederation the Amendment, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituleJ, An Act for enlarging the Term granted by an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for repairing the Highways between the Bear Inn in Readingy and Puntfield, in the County of Berks, and for making the said Act more effectual; and for amending other Roads in this Act mentioned.

And the said Amendment was read, and is as follows; viz.

Pr. 10. L. 12. After Packet" add the Clause, marked A.

Vol. 21.

Clause A. 44 And whereas the greatest Injuries to the said Roads are occasioned by the heavy and exceffiVe 44 Loads, that are frequently carried through the same;

44 to prevent the like for the future, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons whatsoever to pass with, or drive, any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or any other Carriage whatsoever, in or upon any of the said Highways, or ‘c Roads, by this Act to be repaired, with any Weight exceeding Forty Hundred, Timber only excepted,

44 such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage, being inducted in such Weight."

The said Amendment, being an ingrossed Clause, was thrice read, and was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Potenger do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lord ships.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing James Delermc, was D-Wme'a read the Third time. Nat-

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing James Delerme.

Ordered, That Mr. Potenger do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act wirtewnmges for veiling the Estate, late of Sir John kVittewronge, E^atc* Baronet, deceased, in the County of Bucks, in Trustees, to enable them to convey the same to the most noble Sarahy Duchess Dowager of Marlborough, the Purchaser thereof under a Decree of the high Court of Chancery, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed Scotch for-in the Thirteenth Year of his late Majesty's* Reign, inti- kited Estates. tuled, 44 An Act for Sale of such of the forfeited Estates in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, as remain unfold, and are vetted in the Crown, and for determining such Claims on the said Estates, as, having been duly entered, remain undetermined," was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled,

44 An Act for Sale of such of the forfeited Estates in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, as remain unfold,

44 and are vested in the Crown, and for determining such Claims on the said Estates, as, having been duly entered, remain undetermined."

Ordered, That Mr. Forbes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, Limitation intituled, An Act for rendering Part of the Act, for of Aaions. Limitation of Actions, and for avoiding Suits in Law, more effectual, be re^d a Second time upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That Mr. Verney, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Bram-Jlony Sir John Hind Cottony Sir Nathanael Curzony Mr. Furnefey Mr. Andrews, Mr. Heathcotey Mr. Whit worthy Mr. Withery Mr. Pley delly Sir IVm. Willys, Mr. Ogle-thorpey Mr. Harvey, Mr. Shirley, Mr. Danvers, Mr. Vinery Sir Edward Knatchbully Mr. Cornwall Mr. Hoste, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Mr. Alderman Child, Sir Robert Furnefe, Mr. Fortefcuey Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Lowther, Mr. St. John, Mr. Tufnell, Mr. Grant, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for impowering the Trustees, appointed to put in Execution Part of an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads leading from Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, to and from the fevetal Places in the said Act mentioned, to repair the

S f Road

Coalefley, Sec. Road.

i62 II8 — 130 Mail j. 1718.

Road from Great Bridge, in the County of Staffordto Coaleftey, in the said County, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Lunce, 130 die Maii;

Anno i* Georgii IId2 Regis, 1728.

Prayers.

Delivery of \ BILL for making more effectual the Provision, Election f\ made by Law, for the due Delivery of Writs, for Wrns* electing Members to serve in Parliament, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committefc of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Supply Bill; A Bill for repealing the present Duties, payable upon WinTLees, *ne Lecs imported, and laying new Duties thereon, &c. ' and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a

Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Fulham A Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the and Putney Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Bridge. George the First, for building a Bridge cross the River of Thames, from the Town of Fulham, in the County of Middlesex, to the Town of Putney, in the County of Surrey, and for making the said Act more effectual, was read a Second time.

Refofoed, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Vincent, Mr. Armdeli, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Mr. Cross, Mr. Burrard\ Mr. Bacon, Mr. Pulteney, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Forbes, Mr. Jessop, Mr. Campbell, Lord Wm. P owlet, Mr. Clayton, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Worthy, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Bladen, Lord Fitzwilliam, Mr. Cary, Mr. Serjeant Chappel, Colonel Churchill, Mr. Lyddell, Lord Malpas, Sir Paul Methuen, Dr. Sayer, Mr. Alderman Child, Sir John Hobart, Matter of the Rolls, Mr. Norris, Mr. Williams, Mr. Towers, Mr. Doddington, Sir John Eyles, Mr. Conduit, Mr. Dockminique, Mr. Edgcumbe, Mr. Ever {field. Sir Thomas Frankland, Mr. Halsey, Mr. Hughes, Mr. King, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Morris, Mr. Gwynn, Sir Thomas Abney, Sir Richard Lane, Sir Tho. Hales, Lord Grimftonr, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Fortescue, Sir Robert Sutton, General Wade, Lord Morpeth, Mr. Sandys, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Onslow, Mr. White, Sir Charles Wager, Mr. St. John, Mr. Tufnell, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Danvers, Mr. Earle, Mr. Oglethorpe, Mr. Scrope, Mr. Kelfall, Mr. Tilfon, Mr. Jacomb, Sir Wm. Tonge, Mr. Vy-tier, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Harvey, Brigadier Sutton, Mr. Gybbcn, Mr. Metcalf i Mr. Compton, Colonel Negus, Mr. Newland, Lord Palmerflon, Mr. Alderman Parsons, Mr. Perry, Lord Harry Powlet, Mr. Wyndham, Mr. , Scawen, Mr. Townsend, Sir Wm. Strickland, Sir James

Thornhill, Lord Marquis Hartinglon, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Martin, Mr. Tori; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Sussex, and Southampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Offices and A Bill for indemnifying Persons who have omitted EmploymeBu. to take the Oaths, or Assurance, or otherwise to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing farther Time for that Purpose, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A BiH for rendering more effectual the several Acts Laws for of Parliament, made for repairing the Roads within this ^a‘nn& Kingdom by Tolls, taken at Turnpikes, was read a ,g wa)l* Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Holland,

Mr. Sandys, Mr. Wyndham, Mr. Bladen, Mr. Pulteney,

Mr. Wither, Mr. Torke, Sir Roger Meredith, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Waller, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Winnington, Sir John Coryton, Mr. Oghthorp, Mr. Finch, Mr. Campbell,

Mr. Whitworth, Sir Richard Lane, Lord Castlemain,

Lord Wm. Powlet, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Lazsfon, Mr. Bacon,

Sir Nathanael Curzon, General Wade, Sir Charles Turner,

Mr. Digby, Sir John Hind Cotton, Mr. Booth, Mr. Metcalf, Mr. Tifnell, Mr. Serjeant Chappell, Mr. Serjeant Shephard, Sir Wm. Thomson, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Fortescue, Mr. Brown; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Gloucester, Wilts, and Somefd: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House proceeded (according to Order) to the Peterborough hearing the Merits of the Election for the City of Ele&on-Peterborough, in the County of Northampton.

And the Counsel were called in.

And the Petition of Sir Edward O' Brien, Baronet, was read.

And the Counsel were heard.

The Journal, of the Eighth of November, 1667, was read.

And several Witnesses were examined on both Sides, as to the Right of Election.

And then the Counsel were directed to withdraw.

Resolved, That the Right of electing Citizens, to serve in Parliament for the City of Peterborough, in the County of Northampton, is in the Inhabitants within the Precincts of the Minster there, being HouQiolders, not receiving Alms, and in other the Inhabitants within the said City, paying Scotland Lot.

The Counsel were called in, and acquainted with the said Resolution:

And then they were directed to withdraw.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the further-hearing the Merits of the Election for the City of Peterborough, in the County of Northampton, be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tdfcnfcri.N^.^. ' .67.

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the Counsel were called in again, and directed to proceed in their Evidence.

And several Witnesses were examined.

And the Evidence on both Sides being given; and the Counsel heard; and the Counsel, and Witnesses, being withdrawn;

Resolved, That the honourable Sidney Worthy, alias Montague, Esquire, lately deceased, was duly elected a Citizen, to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Peterborough, in the County of Northampton.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday semen's Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Wages.

House, upon the Bill for granting to his Majesty an Aid of Five hundred thousand Pounds, and for the conttant, regular, and punctual. Payment of Seamen's Wages.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn* Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whde

House,

i<*3

x Geo. II. 13° — if Mail.

House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Kennedy's Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee*

Estate, whom the Bill for Sale of the Estate of Sir Richard Kennedy, Baronet, deceased, in the Kingdom of Ireland, forfeited during the Life of Sir William Kennedy, his Great Uncle, is committed, that they have Power to receive a Clause, to prevent*Sir Wm. Dudley, Baronet, and Dame Elizabeth, his Wife, from alienating their Estate, mentioned in the said Bill, from their Issue, without Consent of Trustees, in pursuance of an Agreement between the said Sir William Dudley, and Dame Elizabeth, his Wife.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 140 die Maii;

Anno i° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1728.

Prayers.

Colony of T)ESOL FEDy That an humble Address be presented Carolina. XV to his Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to direct, that the proper Officers do lay before this House, all Petitions, Proposals, Papers, Reports, and Orders in Council, relating to the Lords Proprietors Surrender of their Interest in Carolina to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

Incumbrance Mr. Doddington reported from the Committee to whom on Donogh- the Bill for discharging an Incumbrance on the Lands of more Lands. Donoghmore, Part of the Bishoprick of Cloyney in Ireland, was committed; that the Committee had examined and found, that the Handing Orders of the House, concerning Notices to be given in Ireland, before any Private Bill, relating to Estates there, be brought in, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the said Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Kennedy's The Lord Viscount Limerick reported from the Com-Estate. mittee, to whom the Bill for Sale of the Estate of Sir Richard Kennedy, Baronet, deceased, in the Kingdom of Ireland, forfeited during the Life of Sir Wm. Kennedy, his Great Uncle, was committed; that the Committee had examined, and found, that the (landing Orders of the House, concerning Notices to be given in Ireland, before any Private Bill, relating to Estates there, be brought in, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the said Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to some of them, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Thurston and Mr. Masham:

Vo l. 21.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill/intituled, An Act for OveilLne veiling Part of the Glebe Lands, belonging to the Inclosure* Rectory of Overstone, in the County of Northampton, in Henry Stratford, Esquire, and his Heirs, to enable the making of Inclosures, and for other Purposes herein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The said Bill was read the First time, and ordered to be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Peterborough the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, fir klc&lon-the dealing a Citizen, to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Peterborough, in the County of Northamplony in the room of the honourable Sidney Wort ley, alias Mount ague, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to OldSarum the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for Writ‘ the electingaBurgefs, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Old Sarum, in the County of Wilts, in the room of the Right honourable Thomas, Earl of Londonderry, in the Kingdom of Ireland\ who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Governor of the Leeward Islands.

The House proceeded to take into Confederation the Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, *c‘ 03 s‘ An Act for repairing and amending several Roads, leading to and from the Borough of Evesham, in the County of Worcester.

And the said Amendment was read, and is as follows; viz.

Press 6. L. 36. After " Ad " add, " Provided always,

" that nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or <c be construed to extend, in any wise to obstrud the " landing, loading, or unloading, of Grain, or any <c fort of Goods or Merchandize, carried on the River " Avon; nor shall the loading, or unloading, of any cc fort of Grain, Goods, or Merchandizes, upon the " Banks of the said River, from on board any Vessel *c upon the said Rive?, or in order to be put on board tc such Vessel, be construed to be a Loading, or Unloading, with an Intent to avoid the Gate or Gates,

" Turnpike or Turnpikes, to be erected by this Act; c< but that the Navigation of the said River shall be " continued, as before this Act was made."

The said Proviso, being-an ingrossed Clause, was thrice read, and was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Sir John Rushout do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

Sir William Strickland, according to Order, reported Encouraging from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Volunteer Bill for encouraging Seamen, who shall enter voluntarily eamcn' into his Majesty s Service, was committed, the Amendments the Committee had made to the Bui, and which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the said Amendments were once read throughout; and several of them being read a Second time, some were, upon the Question severally putthereupop, disagreed with, and others, with Amendments to some of them, were agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the further Confederation of the said Report be adjourned till Thursday Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Supply Bill; whole House, to whom the Bill for granting an Aid to Annuities his Majesty, by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England, J?

to be charged on the Duties on Coals and Culm, granted oa ulh'1* by an of the Ninth Year of the Reign of her late

Majesty

i(>4

14 — 15

Mail

A. 1728.

Offices and

Employments.

Majesty Queen Anne, and since made perpetual, and for further applying the Produce of the Sinking Fund towards the Redemption of sundry Annuities, payable to the South Sea Company, and Bank of England,..... be received upon Thursday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for indemnifying Persons, who have omitted to take the Oaths, or Assurance, or otherwise to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 150 die Man;

Anno i° Georgii IP* Regis, 1728.

Prayers.

Debtors A PETITION of the poor Prisoners for Debt in Petition, jfx his Majesty's Gaol at Aylfbury, in the County of Bucks, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners are reduced to the lowest Degree of Misery and Want by their merciless Creditors: And praying, that a Bill may be brought into the House, to oblige their Creditors, either to consent to their Discharge, on delivering up all their tffefts to them, or to allow them a comfortable Maintenance during their Confinement.

Gn/era/, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

withdraw his Petition, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Tregony, in the County of Cornwall.

Tylney's Deed of Appointment.

Crondall

Estate.

Tregony

Election.

Sir Orlando Bridgman reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for making more effectual a Deed of Appointment, executed by Frederick Tylney, Esquire, late deceased, with respect to Twenty thousand Pounds, and for settling the same for the Purposes herein mentioned, was committed; that the Committee had examined, the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

The said Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Orlando Bridgman do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting an undivided Fifth Part of a Leasehold Estate in Crondally in the County of Southampton, in Trustees, to be sold, and with the Money, arising by the Sale thereof, to purchase one or more Estate or Estates in Possession, to be settled to the same Uses, was read a Second time;

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Dr. Sayery Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Jacomb, Mr. Wyndham, Sir Roger Meredithy Mr. Vincenty Mr. Pelham, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Alderman Child, Mr. Whitworthy Lord Morpeth, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Conduitty Mr. Lewis, Mr. Hampdeny Sir Hum. Howorth, Mr. Hucks, Mr. Duckett, Mr. Howard, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Orlebar, Mr. Fane, Mr. Chetwynd, Sir RogerBradshaigh, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Leveson Gower, Mr. Metcalf\ Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Reynell, Mr. Lee, Mr. Williams, Mr. Bacon, Sir Edmund Bacon, Sir John Act ley, Mr. Earle, Sir Richard Lane, Mr. Monro, Mr. Digby, Mr. Forbes, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Lawson, and all the Members that serve for the County of Southampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That James Cooke, Esquire, be at Liberty to

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estate, late of Sir John Wittewronge, Baronet, deceased, in the County of Bucks, in Trustees, to enable them to convey the same to the most noble Sarah, Duchess Dowager of Marlborough, the Purchaser thereof under a Decree of the High Court of Chancery, was read a Second time.

Mr. Pelham acquainted the House, that his Majesty, being informed of the Contents of the said Bill, had commanded him to acquaint the House, that his Majesty gives his Consent, that this House may do therein as they think fit.

Resolved, That the said Bill be committed to Mr. Pelham, Lord Morpeth, Mr. Bofcawen, Sir John Shelley, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Clayton, Lord Wm. Powlet, Mr. Leveson Gower, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Cary, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Lifter, Sir Robert Abdy, Mr. Conduitt, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Tufnell, Sir John Hind Cotton, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir Conyers D'Arcy, Mr. White, Mr. Ash, Mr. Herberty Mr. St. John, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Mr. Cross, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Chetwynd, Sir Thomas Lyttelton, Mr. Wither, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Compton, Sir Roger Meredith, Mr Hartifon, Mr. Earle, Mr. Cholmondley, Mr. Hanbury, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Bacon, Sir John Norris, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Reynell, Mr. Lee, Dr. Sayer, Sir John Aftley, Mr. Hucks, Mr. Ducket, Mr. Orlebar, Mr. Plumptre, Sir John Rushout, Sir Or/. Bridgman, Mr. Bootle, Sir John Monson, Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Mr. Owen, Mr. Morgan, Lord Charles Cavendtfh, Mr. Finch, Sir Wm. Morgan, Mr. North, Sir Robert Sutton, Mr. Westby, Mr. Alderman Child, Mr. Dockminique, Colonel Negus, Mr. Bertie; and all the Members that serve for the County of Bucks: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Wittewronje'j

Eliaic.

Earl of

Suffolk.*

Estate.

Mr. Hampden reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for impowering the honourable Charles Howard, Esquire, to raise Money by Sale, or Mortgage, of the Manors of Walden, alias Chipping Walden, Brook Walden, and other Manors and.Lands therein mentioned, for Payment of the Debts of Charles William, late Earl of Suffolk and Bindon, deceased, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true 5 and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee 5 and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House without any Amendment:

And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table:

The said Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Hampden do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Digby reported from the Committee, to whom Coaltiey, fcc. the Bill for impowering the Trustees, appointed to put Road, in Execution Part of an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads leading from Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, to and from the several Places in the said Act mentioned, to repair the Road from Great Bridge, in the County of Stafford, to Coalftey, in the said County, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Mr.

28.

lion

iaty

i Geo. II.

,5° — 16° Mau.

of I

IOC

Answer to Addrest,

es,

lie

fcr

r)>

7.

id

y

is

Scourfield's

Estates.

Incumbrance n Donogh-nore Lands,

Stepney New Churches.

U

Mr. Treasurer reported to the House, that their Address of Yesterday, That his Majesty would be graciously pleased to direct, that the proper Officers do lay before this House, all Petitions, Proposals, Papers, Reports, and Orders in Council, relating to the Lords Prmirietors Surrender of their loitered in Carolina to his Majesty, had been presented to his Majesty; and'that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he will give Directions to jtbe proper Officers, for laying the same before this House.

Mr. Hugh Williams reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the real Estates of William Scourfield, the elder, Esquire, Catharine, his Wife, William Scourfield* the younger, Esquire, and Anne his Wife, in the Counties of Pembroke and Brecon, in Trustees, to certain Uses therein mentioned* was committed; that the Coniraittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee j and that the Committee had directed him to report t.he Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

The said Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Hugh Williams do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for discharging an Incumbrance on the Lands of Donoghmore, Part of the Bifoopric of Cloyne, in Ireland, was read the Third time.

Resolved', That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, Act for discharging an Incumbrance on the Lands of bonoghmore, Part of the Bifoopric of Cloyne, in Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Doddtngton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for uniting the Moieties or Portions of the Rectory of St, Dunstan, Stepney, alias Stebunheath, and for making one Rector full Incumbent of the said Rectory, and for converting the Chapel at Poplar into a Parish Church, and appointing a District, ora new Parifo, for the (amc, and for the Maintenance of the Ministers of Five new Churches, at Stratford (Bow), Poplar, Spiulefelds, Wapping (Stepney), and Limehouse, and for restraining the Churchwardens of the said Five new Churches from disposing of the Pews, and Places in Pews, without the Consent of the Vestry, and for other Purposes therein mentioned;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, to oblige die respective Hamlets, mentioned in the said Bill, to pay towards repairing the Highways in ther Manner now used.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, to give and allot a Proportion of the Dues and Profits of the Places of the Parish Clerks of the respective new Churches, unto the present Parish Clerk of Si. Dunstanlsr Stepney, during such time as he shall continue such Clerk.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause to prevent the said Churches being holden in Commendam.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

A Ditpute arising, who should take the Chair of the Committee;

Mr^ Speaker resumed the Chair.

Ordered, That Mr. Lawson do tak$ the Chair of the: said Committee.

Then the House resolved Itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Lawson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Vol. 21,

The other Orders of the Day bdihgread; 7

Resolved, That this House will, upon Fr^/Morning Ways next, resolve itself into a Committefe df thewfeobe House, an<i Mcan8* to consider further of Wjays and Means for raisiing the Supply granted tphifc Majesty v i ?:

ResolvedfYhut this House will* To-morrowMorning, Supply Bill; resolve itself irlto a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for removing certain Doubts concerning ihe Low lnc,# Continuance of the additional Duty of Two Pepc

Gallon upon low Winies, &ftd Spirits of the first Extraction from foreign Materials, granted, byaq Act. made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of he|-' late Majesty Queen Amie. !

:: , -1

Resolved, That this House will, Tb morrow* at Twelvd Delivery of of thp Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for making inOre effectual the m* Provision made by Law, for the due Delivery of Writs, for electing Members to ferye in Parliament.

Resolved, That this House wiU, Td-tborrow Morning, Supply Bill; resolve itself into a Committee Of f he whole House, upon Duties on the Bill for repealing the present Dqtifes, payable upon Wine Lecv Wine Leei imported, and laying neW Duties thereon, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, Seamens resolve itself into a Committee of the wHole House, upon Wages, the Bill for granting to his Majesty aft Aid of Five hundred thousand Pounds, and for the constant, regular, and punctual Payment of Seamens Wages.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Supply, next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whose JHfoufe, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, at offices and Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of Employ, the whole House, upon the Bill for indemnifying Persons, who have omitted to take the Oaths or Assurance, or otherwise to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose.

And* then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 16° die Mail.

Anno i^Georgir IF* Regis, PJii. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for Sale of the Estate of Sit Rickard Kennedy, Baronet, deceased, in the Kingdom of Ireland, forfeited during the Life of Sir William Kennedy, his great Uncle, was read the Third time.

The following Amendments were proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press 8. L. 8. After " Assigns," to irifert subject " to such Deduction, as herein after in that behalf is mentioned

1L 17. To leave out " fame," and insert d said w Manor* Lands, and Premises/'

And the said* Amendments were, Upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed by the House to be made to the Bill; and the Bill was*amended at' the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and'that the*Tide be. An Act for Sale of the Estate* of Sir Richard Kennedy, Baronet, deceased, in the Kingdbm of Ireland, forfeited during the Life of his Uncle, William Kennedy.

Ordered, That the Lord Viscount Limbrick do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Treasurer by his Majesty's Commands, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, of Tuesday last, several Papers, relating to the Lords Proprietors of C^r^/AfS*(urrendering their Interest in that Province to his Majesty; together with a List of them.

T t And

Kennedy'*

Estate.

Colony of Carolina.

l 66

16° Main

A. 1728.-

And the said Lift was read, and is as followeth; viz. Referred by hisM^efty in Council to a Committee o( N° 1. Cop^ of a Memorial of French Tonge, Esquire, Council, the Fourteenth of December, 1727.

Agent for the Province of South Carolina, praying, that N° 13. Copy of a Petition of Six of the Lords Pro* his Majesty would . be pleased not to approve of a prietors of 'Carolina, offering to surrender to his Majesty

All these are referred to in the above Petition of the Council and Assembly of Carolina.

Governor, recommended by the Lords Proprietors of that Province, but to continue the Inhabitants under his Majesty'sProteft iorvand Government: - '

Referred by his late Majesty in Council to a Committee 6f Council, the Twelfth of February, 1725.

N* a. Copy of a Petition of the Council and Assembly of the said Province, praying, that they may not be put again under the Government of the Proprietors, but continued under his Majesty's Royal Protection and Government; dated the Twenty-first of May, 1726:

Referred by his late Majesty in Council to a Commit-'t tee of Council, the Twenty-ninth ol November, 1726.

N° 3. Copy of a Letter from the Lords Proprietors of Carolina to the Lords Cdrrimifliohers for Trade and Plantations, dated the Eighth of July,

l?l5*

N* 4, Copy of Queries sent from the Lords Commissioners for Trade and Plantations to the said Lords Proprietors, dated the Fourteenth of July,

N° 5. Copy of another Letter from the Lords Proprietors to the Lords Commissioners for Trade, in Answer to [ the said Queries, dated the Fifteenth of>/y, 1715.

N° 6. Copy^ of a Petition of the Council and, Assembly of South Caro-thus, containing particular Accounts of the Hardships the Inhabitants have suffered under the Government of the Lords Proprietors; dated the Second of February 1744.

N° 7. Copy of another Petition of the Council and Assembly of that Province, setting forth their weak and dangerous Circumstances; and praying to be continued under his Majesty's Protection; dated the Thirteenth of »May 1725.

- - N° 8. Copy of a Petition of Francis Yonge, Esquire, Agent for Carolina, setting forth the dangerous State of that Province; and praying, in Regard they have hitherto met with great Discouragements from the Lords Proprietors, that they may be taken entirely under his Majesty's own immediate Government:

Referred by his late Majesty in Council to a Committee of Council, the Thirteenth of May, 1727.

Nw,9. Copy of a Petition of Six of the Lords Proprietors, setting forth, that the said Province is in great Dif-order; and praying his Majesty to accept and take into his immediate Royal Administration the Supreme Save-reignty of that Province 2

Referred by his late Majesty in Council to a Committee of Council, the Thirty-first of May, 1727.

N° 10. Copy of a Petition of Five of the Lords Proprietors, containing Realbns, why his Majesty should be jnduced to take the Government of that Province into his own Hands absolutely:

Presented to the Committee of Council on the Twelfth of October, 1727,

N° 11. Copy of a Petition of Samuel Wrag, Agent for Carolina, praying that, for the present, a provisional Governor may be appointed, to compose the Differences there:

Referred by his Majesty in Council to a Committee of Council, the Second of November, 1727.

N° 12. Copy of a Petition of several Merchants, and others, trading to South Carolina, setting forth the Difficulties they labour under, and the Discouragements they meet with, from the Disorders in that Province; and praying the same may be redrtfled: lS

their Shares and Interest, hot only of the Sovereignty, but of the Right andt Property, they have in the Soil, upon thfc Payment of £. 2,560 to each of them:

Referred by his Majesty in Council to a Committee of Council, the Sixth of March, 1727.

N° 14. Copy of a Memorial of the said Lords Proprietors of Carolina, with an Estimate of the Arrears due to them from that Province, and also with an Account of the several Sums owing by the Proprietors; and offering to give up to the Crown their Right of the said Arrears, amounting to£. 9,500, for the Sum of £. 5,000, which will enable them to pay their Debts:

Presented to the Committee of Council the Twenty-sixth of March, 1728.

N° 15. Copy of a Report of the Lords of the Committee of Council, upon considering the aforegoing Papers, advising his Majesty to accept of the Surrender of the Lords Proprietors, upon the Terms proposed by them; dated the Twenty-sixth of March, 1728.

N° 16. Copy of his Majesty's Order in Council, approving of the said Report of the Lords of the Committee, and directing the Lords Commissioners of the Treasuryto consider of the properest Methods to complete the said Surrender; dated the Twenty-eighth of March, 1728.

N° 17. Copy of a Report of the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, upon the said Order in Council, dated the Fifteenth of May, 1728.

Ordered, That the said Papers be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday Morning next.

The said Papeis are bound up with the other Pape® of this Session.

Earl of Buchan's Effete.

Perfcrmanw

of

Quarantined

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting in Trustees divers Lands in the several Counties of Berks, Bucks, Wilts, Oxford\ and York, the Estate of David' Earl of Buchan, for the Purposes therein mentioned, ..... be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

Mr. Attorney-general presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to oblige Ships, coming from Places infefted, more effectually to perform their Quarantine, and for the better preventing the Plague being brought from foreign Parts into Great Britain, or Ireland, or the Isles of Guernsey, Jfrfey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, and to hinder the Spreading of Infection; and the same was received.

Sir Charles Turner, according to Order, reported from supply Bill; the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill Annuities for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by Sale of Annuities *rS*l ?n to the Bank of England, to be charged on the Duties on oa utur* Coals and Culm, granted by an Act of the Ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and fmee made perpetual, and for further applying the Produce of the Sinking Fund towards the Redemption of sundry Annuities, payable to the South Sea Company, and Bank of England\ was committed, the Amendments the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and, afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the said Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for impowering the Commissioners of the Treasury to issue the Moneys arisen, or toarife, into the Exchequer, of or for the Civil List Revenues of his late Majesty, for and towards paying co his late Majesty's Servants, Tradesmen,

and

G00glC

i Geo. jfi.

i66 — if Mail

i6)

Ejt!c

ludlli'j

3113

ESI

and others, such Sums of Money, as were due to them at ‘the Time of his Majesty's Demise.

And the Clause was twice read', with Blanks; which were filled up.

Arid then thfe fclause was amended, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments; be ingrossed.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Delivery of Resolved', That this House will, Tomorrow Morning,

Election at Eleven of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee Writs. of the Whole House, upon the Bill 'for making more , effectual the Provision, made by Law, for fife due Delivery 6f Writs, for selecting Merfibers to serve in Parliament.

Encouraging Ordered, That thfe further Confident ion of the Report

Volunteer from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the beamen. gjj for encouraging Seamen, who shall enter voluntarily into his Majesty's Service was committed, be further adjourned till Monday Morning next.

Coalfley, Ordered\ That the Report from the Committee, to

4tc. Road. whom the Bill for impowering the Trullees appointed to put in Execution Part of an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads leading from Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, to and from the several Places in the said Act mentioned, to repair the Road from Great Bridge, in the County of Stafford, to Coalfley, in the said County, ..... be taken into Consideration To morrow Morning.

Supply Bill; Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning,

LowU\Viacs re^ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Upon ow ines. t^ gj for rerrioving certain Doubts concerning the Continuance of the additional Duty of Two Pence per Gallon upon low Wines, and Spirits of the first Extraction from foreign Materials, granted by an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne.

Supply Bill; Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Duties on resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing the present Duties, payable upon Wine Lees imported, and laying new Duties thereon, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Wine Lees.

Seamens Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Wages, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to his Majesty an Aid of Five hundred thousand Pounds, and for the constant, regular, and punctual Payment of Seamens Wages.

And then the House adjourned till To*-morrow Morning, Nine of the Clock*

Vi eneris, 170 Mali;

Anno i* Georgii II*1* Regis, 1728. Prayers.

Performance of

ABIL L to oblige Ships, coming from Places infefted, more effectually to perform their Quaran-Quaranunc. ancj for tke better preventing the Plague being

brought from foreign Parts into Great Britain, or Ireland, or the Isles of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, and to hinder the Spreading of Infection, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Delivery of The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Election Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for making riM* more effectual the Provision, made by Law, for the due Delivery of Writs, for electing Members to serve in Parliament.

Vol. 21.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hungerford took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hungerford, reported from the Committee, that ‘they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the.Doufe will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

A Motion was made, and the Question proposed, That Sales of an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, that he Woods, &c. will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account of the Sales of Woods, and Grants of Falls of Woods, by his late Majesty, from Christmas, 1715, to the First Day of June, 1727, and how the same have been accounted for:

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative;

A Message from the Lords, by Air. ICnqflon and Mri Thomas Eennet:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Nicholls! Sale of Pnrt of the Estate of John Nicholls, Esquire, Etate, deceased, in the County of Cornwall, for Payment of his Debts and Legacies, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

And also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, Lord An Act for the Relief of Hyacinthus Richard Nugent, River fton's Esquire; without any Amendment. . Outlawry.

And then the Messengers withdrew*

An ingrossed Bill.from the Lords, intituled, An Act liicholl's for Sale of Part of the Estate of John Nicholls, Esquire, Estate. deceased, in the County of Cornwall, for Payment of his Debts and Legacies, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Nathanael Curzon presented to the House (accord- South Sea ing to Order) a Bill to discharge the Trustees of the South Company. Sea Company of their Trust, and to vest in the said Company the Estates, which were vested in the said Trustees by an Act of the Seventh Year of his late Majesty's Reign, for raising Money upon the Estates of the late Directors of the South Sea Company, and others, and which remain undisposed of, together with the Produce of such Estates and Effects, as have been disposed of by the said Trustees; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Order being read, for the House to resolve itself Seamens into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Wages, granting to his Majesty an Aid of Five hundred thousand Pounds, and for the constant, regular, and punctual Payment of Seamens Wages;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause of Appropriation, with a Power to his Majesty to apply any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding a Sum to be limited, to answer and defray the Charge and Expences, that (lift remain unsatisfied, of the Engagements, entered into, and concerted, for securing the Trade and Navigation of this Kingdom, and for restoring and preserving the Peace of Europe.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, to enable his Majesty to dispose of so much of the Sum of Sixty thousand Pounds, given for Half-pay for the Year 1727, as shall be more than sufficient to pay the Half-pay Officers, unto such Officers as shall have been maimed in the Service,

or

168

17° — 18°

A. 1728.

Offices and Employ* sent*.

Wi

as

Mca

and

eans.

or by their long Services may be proper Objejfts of his Majesty's Compassion, or to the Widows and Children of such Officers.

A Motion being made, % and the Question being put, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, for preventing Persons from making unjust Advantages of the Necessities of Seamen in the Service of the Crown;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

; Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Corhmittee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House wilt please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock, refolye itself into Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for indemnifying Persons who have omitted to take the Oaths or Assurance, or otherwise to qualify themselves for Offices.and Employments, within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose.

Resolved, That this Houseynll, upon/^d»^&yMorning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Supply.

Coalfley, &c. Road.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for impowering the Trustees, appointed to put in Execution Part of an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads leading from Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, to and from the several Places in the said Act mentioned, to repair the Road from Great Bridge, in the County of Stafford, to Coalfley, in the said County, was committed, be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Supply Bill; Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning,

Duties on low resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Wines. the BiLl for removing certainDoubts concerning the Continuance of the additional Duty of Two Pence per Gallon upon low Wines, and Spirits of the first Extraction from foreign Materials, granted by an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne.

Quarter, and Harvest yet at about ThreeMonthsDiftance; so that the Poor are very numerous, particularly in those Pari foes, where the Tin Mines lie, which lie unwrought for Want of Employment: And praying, that the Customs, payable qn foreign Corn, may be taken off, and Liberty given to import Corn from other Places, than those of its Growth, for such Time, as the House foall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the feme, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Vernon^ Mr. Corker, Mr. Attorney-general, Sir Walter Bagot, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Curfon, Mr. East, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. JPigby, Mr. Varney, Mr. Monro, Sir John Rushout, Sir John Cope, Mr. Reynelly Mr. Weaver, Mr. Compton, Sir Roger Meredith, Sir John AJlley, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Wyndham, Mr. Scrope, Mr. Bertie, Sir Nathanael Quezon, Mr. Williams, Mr. Clayton; and all the Merchants of the Haijfe; and all the Members that serve for the Sea-port Town?, and for the County of Cornwall; And they are to mpet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and other principal Inhabitants, of the Town of Falmouth, in the County of Cornwall, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Price of Corn is lately advanced to an extravagant Height, Wheat being ^t $4 to 60 s.per Quarter, Barley at 40 to 45 s. per Quarter, and Harvest yet at about Three Months Distance; so that the Poor are very numerous, particularly in those Parifoes, where the Tin Mines; lie, which lie unwrought for Want of Employment: praying, that the Customs, payable on foreign Corn, may be taken off, and Liberty given to import Corn from other Places than those.of its Growth, for such Time as the House foall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Aldermen, and other principal Inhabitants, of the Borough of Penryn, in the County of Cornwall, is referred; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Supply BUI;

Duties on Wine Lee».

Importation ot Corn.

Importation of Corn.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the Bill for repealing the present Duties payable upon Wine Lees imported, and laying newDuties thereon, and for other Puposes therein mentioned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Saturni, 18° die Maii;

Anno i° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1728.

Prayers.

A PETIT IO N of the Justices of the Peace, Aldermen, JLjl and other principal Inhabitants, of the Borough of Penryn, in the County of Cornwall, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Price of Corn is lately advanced to an extravagant Height, Wheat being at 54 to Cos.per Quarter, Barley at 40 to ^s. per

A Petition of the Makers of Glass Bottles, in and about the City of Bristol, wa? presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that many of the Petitioners now arc, and for many Years pad have carried on the Art of making' Glass Bottles, by Means whereof many Thousands of People have been constantly employed, in that Mapu-fasture, besides a great Number of Ships in exporting them to Germany, Holland, Guernsey, Jerfoy, and other Places, where they are filled with Wines, and re-imported into this Kingdom: That the Petitioners find by the Votes of the House, That a Clause is ordered to be infected in a Bill, now before the House, to prevent the Importation of Wines inFlalks, orGlaisBott!es; the Consequence of which Clause will be the entireDestruction of the Glass Bottle Trade, and T^houfands of Persons, brought up therein, who are incapable of any other Employment: That, upon the bare Probability, that such a, Clause might pass, many Thousand Dozen of Bottles, bespoke for Exportation abroad; have been forbid, and the Petitioners daily expect more of the like Nature: And praying, that the said Clause may only extend to foreign Bottles and Flasks.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for repealing the present Duties, payable upon Wine Lees imported, and laying new Duties thereon, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, is committed.

A Bill to oblige Ships, coming from Places infefted, moreeffectually to perform their Quarantine, and for the better preventing the Plague being brought from foreign 16 Parts,

Supply Bill; Duucs ca Wine Lees.

Performance

of

Quarantine.

1

GOOgl

28.

wee;

hole

Jght

2uf.

and

Han

iali

>n-

nc

iir

r.

r.

» i

ft

u:

t Geo. II.

i§° M

Parts, into Great Britain, or Ireland, or tl.e isles of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, and to hinder the spreading of Infection, was read a Second time;

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will,' upon Monday'Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of tilfc whole House, upon the said Bill. 1

Sinking The House being informed, that: Mr. Reresfcrdy frorh Fund. . the Treasury, attended at thp.Door, he was; called in, and, at the Bar, presented to thejHpufe^pursuant to their Order, an A bftraft, shewing the Produce of the Sinking Fund, from the first Establishment thereof, to Michaelmas, 1727, and how the same hath been from time to tim$ applied, distinguishing each Year,

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Abstract was read;

Ordered, That the said Abstract do lie upon the If able, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Abstract is bound up with the other Papers of this SelHoh,

South Sea A Bill to discharge the Trustees of the South SeaCom^ Company. pany Qf their Trust, and to vest in the said Company the Estates, which were vested in the said Trustees by an Act of the Seventh Year of his late Majesty's Reign, for railing Money upon the Estates of the late Directors of die South Sea Company and others, and which remain undisposed of, together with the Produce of such Estates, and Effects, as have been disposed of by the said TrUftees, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,: upon the said Bill.

Flint Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Elc&ion. Privileges and Elections, touching the double Return, and Election, for the Town of Flint, in the County of Flint, be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

Overdone An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act hidosure. for vesting part of the Glebe Lands, belonging to the Rectory of Over ft one, in the County of Northampton, in Henry Stratford, Esquire, and his Heirs, to enable the making of Inclosures, and for other Purposes herein mentioned, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Compton, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Orlebar, Sir John Act ley Mr. Fortescue, Sir Roger Meredith, Sir Edward Dejbou-verie, Mr. Ward, Mr. Metcalf, Sir Archer Crojt, Sir John RuJJiout, Mr. Bacon, Lord Morpeth, Mr. Vemey, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Reynell, Mr. Finch, Mr. Earle, Mr. Lifter, Sir John Cope, Dr. Clarke, Mr. Digby, General Wade, Mr. Lawjon, Sir Wm. Tonge, Mr. Levejon Cower, Sir Thomas Lyttelton, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Clayton, Lord Mick/ethwaite, Sir Charles Wager, Mr. Screpe, Mr. Neale, Mr. Chetwynd, Lord Gage, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Oglethorpe, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Bramston, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Corker, Sir Richard Grosvenor, Mr. Monro, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Hamiltdn, Mr. Holland, Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Cross, Mr. Peyto, Mr. Weaver, Sir John Shelley, Mr. Holmes, Mr. Longueville, Sir Wm. Gage, Mr. Tozvers, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Howard*, and all the Members, that serve for the County of Northampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

haw 1 for Mr. Holland reported from the Committee, to whom

repairing the Bill for rendering more effectual the several Acts of ighways. Parliament made for repairing the Roads within this Kingdom by Tolls, taken at Turnpikes, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Vcll.82.

Bill, and found the same tb be true y and had' gdhe through the Bill, and made several Atbefidments thereunto, which they had directed him to, report ifo the Housei And he read tlhie Report in'K$ Place* and'Afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, ih^ the Clerk's Table; where the said Amendments werejQnce read: throughout, and then a Second time, one b^ one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agteed 'unto by the House; and other Amepdmertts y'e'rettiade by the House to the Bill. 1 1

Ordered, That the Bill* with the AmehdmeritSj ' De ingrossed.:

The Order being read, for the House to resolve itself offices tnd into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Employment* ihdem-nifyibg Persons, who have omitted to take the Oaths, or A ffu ranee', or' othferwife to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for-that Purpose;

And the House being moved, that the 17th Section of the 8th Act, of'tjte 4th Year of tj^JVign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and also the 18th Section of the 7th Act, of the 6th \"ear of her said late Majesty's Reign, might be read;

The same were read accordingly.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee,'that they have Power* to receiver Clause, Mo

so much of Two Acts, made in the Fourth and Sixth Years of the Reign of hbr"late Majesty Queen Anne, as require; Persons to take the Oaths, and to qualify themselves, according to Law, for holding Offices, Places, or Employments,' for Six Months after the Demise of her said late Majesty, her Heirs and Successors.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee,

Mr. Speaker lef t the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him toreporr, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, Limitation intituled, An Act for rendering Part of the Act, for Li- of Aaioo*. mitation of Actions, and for avoiding Suits in Law, more effectual, be read a Second time upon this Day Seven-night.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Coalflcy, whom the Bill for impowering the Trustees, appointed &c.Road. to put in Execution Part of an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads leading from Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, to and from the several Places in the said Act mentioned, to repair the Road from Great Bridge, in the County of Stafford, to Coalftey, in the said County, was committed, be taken into Consideration upon Monday next, at Twelve of the Clock.

The Order being read, for the House to resolve itself Supply Bill; into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Duties on removing certain Doubts concerning the Continuance of Low wiucs-the additional Duty of Two Pence per Gallon upon low Wines* and Spirits of the first Extraction from foreign Materials, granted by an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, for removing of Doubts relating to Appeals, to the Commissioners of Appeals, and to the Quarter Sessions, from Judgments given on Prosecutions for Forfeitures, and Offences, relating to the Duties of Excise.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, for'

U u ascertaining

18" — 20 '‘Mail A.i 728.

ascert&inir.g the Number of Commissioners of Excise, who may hear and determine CauCes depending before them-; ::

_ l*hen the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.,

' Sit Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon tuesday Morning next* :3I -

And then the Hotife adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

f; ‘ - .

> Luna, 20° die-Mail4,

Anno 1' Georgii IIJi Regis, 1728. Prayers.

and°Putney ^TV/f ^ncent reported from the Committee, to whom Bridge. '-L ▼ JL the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for building a Bridge crols the River of Thames, from the Town of Fulham, in the County of Middlesex, to the Town of Putney, in the County of Surrey, and for making the said Act more effectual, was committed, the Amendments, the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the said Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment-6, be ingrossed.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by Sale of Annuities to thq Bank of England, at Four Pounds per Centum, redeemable by Parliament, and charged upon ,she Duties on Coals and Culm; and for further applying the Produce of the Sinking Fund; and for enlarging the Time for exchanging Ntids and<S7. Chrifophers Debentures for Annuities at Three per Cent, and for applying the Arrears of his late Majesty's Civil List Revenues.;

Ordered, That Sir Charles turner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of;Ihc Mayof, Aldermen, capital Bur4- Imoomttoo geffes, and other principal inhabitants, of the Borough of Coro. of Truro, in the County of Cornwall\ was preferred to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Price of Corn ;is ‘grown to an extravagant Height, thoiigh the Harvest is at Three Months Distance; so that the Poor about them are greatly increased, for want of Employment; by reaion many of the Tin Mines thereabouts are unwrouglrt: And praying, that the Customs payable on foreign Corn may be taken off, and Liberty given to import Corn from all Places abroad, for such time, as the House shall think fit. *

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Aldermen, and other principal Inhabitants, of the Borough of Penryn, in the County of Cornwall; is referred; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

An ingrossed, Bill for rendering more effectual the Lastafor several Acts of Parliament, made for repairing the Roads ^p^ayg, within this Kingdom by Tolls, taken at Turnpikes, was 5 read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be.

An Act for punishing such Persons, as shall wilfully and maliciously pull down or destroy Turnpikes for repairing Highways, or Locks or other Works erected by Authority of Parliament for making Rivers navigable.

Ordered, That Mr. Holland do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Inclosure Colonel Pelham reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling Charles, Duke of Grafton, Lord of the Manor of Grafton, in the County of Northampton; to inclose the common Fields and wade Groups within the said Manor, in Pursuance of several Agreements between the said Duke, and the Reftor, and Churchwardens of the Parish of Grafton Regis, and to establish the said Agreements, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Annuities11 An ingrossed Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, charged on by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England to be Coal Duties, charged on the Duties on Coals and Culm, granted by an Act, of the Ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and since made perpetual, and for further applying the Produce of the Sinking Fund towards the Redemption of sundry Annuities, payable to the South Sea Company, and the Bank of England, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were pipposed to be made - to the Bill; viz.

Press 6. L. 30. To leave out " Twentieth," and insert "Fourth;" and to leave out 4< May," and insert "June."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly*

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be,

A Petition of Sir Theodore JanJfen was presented to the Janffens's House, and read; setting forth, that there is dill a con- Claims oa siderable Sum of Money due to the Petitioner, on ac- J^pany* count of that Part of his Estate, left him by the Act, of the 7th of his late Majesty, commonly called the Directors Allowances: That it is doubtful, whether the Income of the Estates of the late Directors between the First of June, 1720, and the loth of September, 1721, was vested in the Trustees of the South Sea Company by the said Act: That the Petitioner had an Estate of near

30,0,000. before the South Sea. Scheme, and did not spend all the Income of the said Estate between the said First of June, 172,0, and the 20th of September, 1721, as he might have done; and, by reason of the said Doubt, the Trustees do not think themselves sufficiently warranted to allow the Petitioner such Part of his Income, as he did not spend during the said Time, though he was a Loser by the said Scheme, and near £.200,000. of his old Estate was. given to the South Sea Company by the said Act: And praying, that a Clause may be inserted in some. Bill now depending before the House, for allowing the Petitioner such Part of the Produce of his Estate, as was not fp£nt between the First of June, 1720, and the 20th of September, 1721, he having a numerous Family, confiding of a Wife, and Eight Children.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to discharge the Trustees of the South Sea Company of their Trull, and to vest in the said Company the Estates, which were vested in the said Trustees by an Act, of the Seventh Year of his late Majesty's Reign, for raffing Money upon the Estates of the late Directors of the South Sea Company, and others, and which remain

undisposed

1 Geo. II. 20 b M 171

undisposed of, together with she Produce of such Eftatys, of the Estate in the County of Surry, deviled to him by and Effects, as have been disposed of by the said Trustees, Frances, late Viscountess Lanefboroug, and for Sale of is committed. Bridge-houfs Farm, Part of the said Estate, and inverting

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee of the whole House, that they have Power to receive a Clause for the Petitioner's Relief.

Soman's A Petition of Hebert Surman, late Deputy Cashiet of CUin«§ in the South Sea Company, was presented to the House, and Company* rca^ '> h'tling forth, that by an Act, 79 Georgii Imi, for

" raising Money upon the Estates of the late South Sea

Directors, the Petitioner, who had been only a Clerk in their Service, was supposed to have a died in Confederacy with the Directors, was diverted of his whole Estate, which was above £.100,000. with no greater Allowance for himself, his Wife, and Children, than £.5,000. though he has, for Six Years last part, given constant Attendance upon the South Sea Company, and their Trustees, and by his Assistance, and Information, been of great Service to them: And praying the House to take his same into Consideration, and give him such Relief, as shall be thought fit, in regard the Allowance, he has received, is far short of what has been given to moil of the Directors, and bears no Proportion to the Estate of which he has been divested.

And a Motion being made, and the Question beingput, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to discharge the Trustees of the South Sea Company of their Trust, and to vest in the said Company the Estates, which were vested in the said Trustees by an Act of the Seventh Year of his late Majesty's Reign, for raising Money on Estates of the late Directors of the South Sea Company, and others, and which remain undisposed of, together with the Produce of such Estates, and Effects, as have been disposed of by the said Trustees, is commitred;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Petition be rejected.

Delivery of Mr. Uungerford (according to Order) reported from &|j^,on the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for nts* making more effectual the Provision, made by Law, for the due Delivery of Writs, for eleding Members to serve in Parliament, was committed, the Amendments, the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed hirntoreport to the House: And heread the Re-port in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the said Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, and other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

C«aJflcy, &c. The House proceeded (according to Order) to take

Road. into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for impowering the Trustees, appointed to put in Execution Part of an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads leading from Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, to and from the i'everal Places in the said Act mentioned, to repair the Road from Great Bridge, in the County of Stafford, to Coaffley, in the said County, was committed.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill» were once read throughout, and then a Second titpe, one by one,.and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Lighthoun and Mr, Masham:

Mr. Speaker,

Fox'»E(Ue; The Lords have parted a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable James Fox, Esquire, and others, to make Leases V0t. 21#

the Money in the Purchase of other Lands in the same County, to be settled to the like Uses, and for other Purposes herein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

And also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, Canterbury An Act for erecting a Workhouse in the City of Canter- Workhouse. buYys for employing and maintaining the Poor there, and for better enlightening the Streets of the said City, wirh feme Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House;

And t hen the Messengers withdrew;

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Fox'sEstate* to enable James Fox, Esquire, and others, to make Leases of the Estate in the County of Surry, devised to him by Frances, late Viscountess Lancfborough, and for the Sale of Bridge-house Farm, Part of the said Estate, and investing the Money in the Purchase of other Lands in the feme County, to be settled to the like Uses, and for other Purposes herein mentioned, was read the First time, and ordered to be read a Second time.

Sir Charles Turner (according to Order) reported from Seamen's the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Wages, granting to his Majesty an Aid of Five hundred thousand Pounds, and for the constant, regular, and punctual.

Payment of Seamens' Wages, was committed, the Amendments, the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the said Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to fume of them, agreed unto by the House; and another Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House being informed, that some Words of Heat The Home had passed in the House between Mr. Crowle and the iuwrposes Lord Micklethwaite; _ Quarrel*

Mr. Speaker, by Direction of the House, required ^tween them to stand up in their Places, and pvomife, on Members, their Words and Honours, not to prosecute what had happened.

Whereupon Mr. Crowle flood up in his Place, and promised the House on his Part not to prosecute the Matter.

And then the Lord Micklethwaite flood up in his Place, and gave the House the like Assurance, on his Part.

The House proceeded (according to Order) to take Encouraging into further Consideration the Report from the Com- Volunteer mittee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for en- amen* couraging Seamen, who shall enter voluntarily into his Majesty's Service, was committed.

And the residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, were read; and several of them were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, disagreed with, and the rest were, with Amendments to some of them, agreed unto by the House; and other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed. 1

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn* Supply Bill 5 ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Dutieion House, upon the Bill for repealing the present Duties, lnc cc,# payable upon Wine Lees imported, and laying new Duties

thereon, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Resolved, 11

-Coogl-e

1J&

F^rformance Refolded\ That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn-

of . ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Quarantine, upon the Bill to oblige Ships, coming from

Places infefted, more effectually to perform their Quarantine, and for the better preventing the Plague being brought from foreign Parts into Great Britain, ox Ireland, or the Isles of Guerti/ey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, and to hinder the spreading Infection.

South Sea Refilved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn-r

Company, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to discharge the Trustees of the South Sea Company of their, Trust, and to vest in the said Company the Estates, which were vested in the said Trustees by an Act of the Seventh Year of his late Majesty's Reign, for railing Money p:ppn the Estates of the late Directors of the South Sea Company, and others, and which remain undisposed of* together with the Produce of such Estates, and Etfefts, as- have been differed of by the said Trustees. 1,

Office* and Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the

mpoymenti. wk0je House, to whom the Bill for indemnifying Persons* who have omitted to take the Oaths, or A flu ranee, or otherwise to qualify themselves for Offices and Emf loy-ments within the Time, limited by;Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose, . . be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 2i° die Maii;

A. 1728.

An ingrossed Bill to explain and amend an Act, made Fulham in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty and Putney King George the First, for building a Bridge cross the Bridge. River of Thames, from the Town oVFulham, in the County of Middlesex, to the Town of Putney, in the County of Surrey, and for making the said Act more effectual, was read the Third time.

Refilved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be.

An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Mnjefiy King George the First, for building a Bridge cross the River of \Thames, from the Town of Fulham, in the County of Middlesex, to the Town of Putney, in the County of Surrey, and for making the said Act more effectual.

Ordered, That Mr. Vincent do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for making more effectual the Pro- fteliwvof vision, made by Law, for the due delivery of Writs, for Eletfiou electing Members to serve in Parliament, was read the' Writs. Third time. 1

The Amendments following were severally proposed; to be made to the Bill; viz.

Prdfsa. L. 10. After " Britain" to insert €‘ of:*

L. 11. To leave out " whereof.*'

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question, severally put thereupon,.agreed by the House to be made to the Bill 5 and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Refilved, That the Bill do pass ;^and that the Title be.

An Act for making more effectual the Provision, made by Law, for the due Delivery of Writs, for electing Members to serve in Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Hunger ford do carry the Bill to the Lords, ana desire their Concurrence.

20° — 21° Mail.

Grafton

Inclosure.

Nicholls'

Estate.

Anno i* Georgii II*1 Regis, 1728. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling Charles, Duke of Grafton, Lord of the Manor of Grafton, in the County of Northampton, to inclose the common Fields and waste Grounds within the said Manor, in Pursuance of several Agreements between the said Duke, and the Rector and Churchwardens of the Parish of Grafton Regis, and to establish the said Agreements, was read the Third time,

Refilved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Colonel Pelham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of John Nicholls, Esquire, deceased, in the County of Cornwall, for Payment of his Debts and Legacies, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second time.

Refilved', That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hunger-ford, Mr. Corker, Sir Charles Turner, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Screpe, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Metcalf, Mr. Treasurer, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Bram-fton, Sir John Shelley, Sir Cecil Bishop, Mr. Finch, Lord IVm. Powlet, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Lockyerf Mr. Compton, Mr. Bacon, Mr.. Bowes, Mr. Campbell, Sir Francis Drake, Sir Hum. Howorth, Sir James Thornhill, Sir John Rujbout, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Lawson, Mr. Torke, Mr. Alderman Child, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Medlycot, Mr. Whitzvorth, Sir 0/7. Bridgman, Sir Rowland Alfion, Mr. Towers, Mr. Serjeant Birch, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Coplefton, Mfr. Orlebar,- Mr. Potenger, Mr. Ducket, Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Serjeant Shephard, Mr. Holland, Mr. Cross, Mr. Wither, Sir Roger Meredith, Mr. Hucks, Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr. Reynell, Mr. Fortescue, Mr. Gay, Mr. Bond; and all the Members, that serve for the County of Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir Charles Turner (according to Order) reported from office* and the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill Employment*, for indemnifying Persons who have omitted to take the Oaths or Assurance, or otherwise to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further time for that Purpose, was committed, the Amendments, the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House s And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the said Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Charles Turner (according to Order) reported from Supply Bill; the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Du tie* on removing certain Doubts concerning the Continuance of Low Wlnw* the additional Duty of Two Pence per Gallon upon low Wines, and Spirits of the first Extraction from foreign Materials, granted by an Act made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, was committed, the Amendments, the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the said Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Clerk of this House do deliver back, A Faperto to the proper Officer, the Pay Book of his Majesty's be returned. Ship Colchester, the last time the said Ship was paid; pre- -fented^to the House the Sixth of March last.

i Geo. It. 2i°

Canterbury The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Workhouse. Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for erecting a Workhouse in the City of Canterbury, for employing and maintaining the Poor there, and for better enlightening the Streets of the said City.

And the said Amendments were read, and are as follows; viz.

Press 2. L. 14. Leave out "May" and insert " June" L. 27. I^eave out " May " and insert " June" Press 3. L. 3. Leave out " May" and insert "June L. 7. Leave out" May" and insert " June."

Press 5. L. 15. Leave out " June and insert £t July

L. 40. Leave out " June" and insert " July"

Press 6. L. 37. Leave out" June" and insert " July"

Press to L. 18. Leave out " June" and insert <c July'*

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Hales do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments, made by their Lordships.

Flint Mr. Earle (according to Order) reported from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the double Return, and Election, for the Town of Flint, in the County of Flint, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which Report he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read; and the Report, and Resolutions, are as follows; viz.

Upon the double Return of George Wynne, Esquire, and Salisbury Lloyd, Esquire, for the Town of Flint, in the County of Flint; and the Petitions of the said Mr. Wynne and Mr. Lloyd, respectively complaining of the Election, and Return, of each other;

The Committee have inspected the said double Return, and have examined the Merits of this Election,

The Return is, by Two several Indentures, expressed to be made between the Bailiffs, of the one Part, and the Burgesses, of the other Part.

Mr. Wynns Return is executed by David Jones, Gentleman, one of the Bailiffs of Flint, and several Burgesses of the Borough and Liberty of Flint, some of which are named to be of Caerzvys, and Caergurley, and others iworn Burgesses of Flint:

T he Return of Mr. Lloyd is executed by John Jones, Gentleman, the other Bailiff of Flint, and several Burgesses of that Borough.

It was objected, that these Returns are void, because the Sheriff was not made a Party, as required by the Act 6(236 H. VLr. 15.

To which it was answered, that the Returns are not void for that Reason, the Act inflicting only a pecuniary Penalty in that Cafe.

The Counsel for Mr. Wynne alleged, that the Right of Election is in the Burgesses at large of Flint, and of the Four Boroughs of Overton, Rhydlan, Caerwys, and Caer* gurltjr, called the Out Boroughs:

That Persons become Burgesses of Flint by Admission of the Corporation, upon Presentment by the Mayor: That the Constable of Flint Castle, for the Time being, is, by the Charter, Mayor of the Borough; and the Burgesses take an Oath of Fidelity to the King, and to defend the Rights and Privileges of that Borough: xAnd, that Inhabitants of the other Boroughs became Burgesses by Inhabitation.

The Counsel for Mr. Lloyd admitted, that some Burgesses of all the said Boroughs had a Right to vote; but infilled, that the paying Scotland Lot was a requisite Qualification, otherwise they had no Right.

The Counsel for Mr. Wynne examined the following Witnesses; viz. n

Thomas Eyton, Esquire , who spoke for 15 Years; and remembered Two Elections, one ot which was his own, in 1 722; in both which Elections a!J Inhabitants voted, without any Distinction, or Objection; and said, he had Vo La 21*

been informed by ancient Persons, since dead, that , all Inhabitants, being Housekeepers in any of the said Boroughs, had Voces; and that Out Burgesses, being such by Creation, had Votes:

That his Election was conceited; and that his Majority was made by the Burgesses of the Out Boroughs; and he was returned; and there was no Objection for Nonrefiency, or Non-payment of Scotland Lot.

Robert Jones said, that in the contested Election between Mr. Eyton and Mr. Conway, in 1722, all sworn Burgesses were polled, whether relient, or Out Burgesses, and no Objection to any of them; and it was foin 1697, in the contested Election between Mr. Ravenscroft and Sir John Hanmer; the former of which was returned; having a Majority by the Out Burgesses, when the other had the Majority of the refient Burgesses:

That all Housekeepers have Right to vote, without Distinction as to paying, or not paying, Scotland Lot; which Distinction he never heard of till now, though he had known the Borough 31 Years.

Two Returns, one, of the 2d February, 13 Gul.Wl. the other 1 Auptft, i* Anna, were produced, signed by Three Out Burgesses.

And farther,.as to the Right of voting in the Burgesses of the Four Out Boroughs,

John Hughes and Robert Thomas said, That the Burgesses of Overton, being Inhabitants there, had a Right of voting, though they did not pay Scotland Lot.

And Hughes said, they voted in Sir John Hanmers Election.

As to Caergurley.

Griffith Jones and John Hughes were examined: The first spoke for 25 Years, and the other was 65 Years old: And they said that all Inhabitants of that Borough, being House-keepers, had a Right to vote, and had voted in all their Times.

And Davis said, they voted in the contested Election, when Sir John Hanmer flood.

And, as to paying Scotland Lot, they said, they knetv of no such Distinction from any other Inhabitants, with respect to the Right of voting, but that all Inhabitants within the Borough had equal Right.

John Hughes and Richard Jones gave the like Evidence as to Caerwys Burgesses voting.

As to the Rhydlan Burgesses voting.

Henry Lloyd, junior, and Edward Jonet, gave the like Evidence, of all Inhabitants of that Borough voting, and having a Right to vote, without any Distinction, as before given for the other Boroughs.

Some of the Witnesses said, they thought, Servants, Almsmen, and Beggais, if Inhabitants, had a Right to vote:

That in some of these Boroughs they had no Rates to Church or Poor, and in others none till lately.

The Counsel for Mv.Lloyd in lifted, that none but tha Payers of Scotland Lot, had a Right to vote, and that 00 others were Burgesses; and,

That they had no Powers by Charter to create Out Burgesses.

They produced a Copy of the Charter of Flint,

Dated 18 September, 12* Edvo. lmI; wherein are the following CJauies; viz. Quod villa nra de Flynt, de cetero liber bur pis Jit, et homines nojlri ejuJJem villa liberi snit burgenjes:

Concedimus etiam eifdcm, quod, fi aliquis uativus alien-jus in prafata villa manjerit, et tenant in ea tenuerit, et fuerit in prafata gi/da et havfa, etloth et Shot cum eifdeni hominibus n'ris, per uttum annum el union diem, fine c a lump* nia, deinceps non pojjit repeti a domino J'uo, fed in eadem villa liber permanent:

Quod burgenjes pradifi. in aliqua re tangente communitotem burgi, deducantur Jccundum liber fates afptobatas, et haSlcnus rationabiliter ufr.atas, in civitale nra Hereford.

Also a Copy of the Charter of Rethohn, dated 8# Sept. 120 Edw. Iml, was produced; and also,

A Copy ct the Charter of Overton, dated 22" January, 12° Edw. Imi.

X x

Flint

Ele&ioa.

Both

174

21° Mail

di 1728.

Flint Both which Charters were admitted to be to the Election. same Eftedfc with that of Flint, mutatis mutandis.

And the Dates shew, these were ancient Boroughs. And the Counsel insisted, that the Burgesses cf these Ouc Boroughs being, by the Act of35 H. VIII. c. it. Se<ft. 4. made equally liable, with the Burgesses of the Store Town, to the parliamentary Wages, they had art equal Right of voting with those Burgesses in the Elections to Parliament.

And- they calied the following Witnesses; viz.

Abel Makepeace; who said, he had known Flint about 36 Tears; and had been informed by Persons, now dead, that great Numbers of Burgesses had been made, many Tears since, to serve Turns in former Elections; but they laid, none of the Out Boroughs had any Right to vote, unless they paid Scotland Lot; for which Reason he did not vote at Mr. Eyton's Election.

Edward Tonne laid, he was made an Out Burgess of IOverton 27 Years since, but never offered to vote, be-fcause he thought, none had a Right to vote, but such as paid Scotland Lot; but those, he thought* had a Right. The Committee came to the following Resolution; viz. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Right cf Election of a Burgess, to serve in Parliament for the Town of Flint, in the County of Flint, is in the Inhabitants of the Boroughs of Flinty Rhydlan, Overton, Caerwys, and Caergnrley, paying Scotland Lot.

A Question arose, whether the Inhabitants of that Part of the Parish of Overton, which lies contiguous to the Borough., but without the Limits of it, and is called Overtonforreign, and the Inhabitants of Knolton, in the same Parish, had a Right of voting, as well as those, who lived within the Borough.

This Right was denied by the Counsel for Mr. Wynne, but affirmed on Mr. Lloyd's Part.

The Counsel for Mr. Wynne insisted, that the Vill of Overton had Privileges, which Overtonforreign, and Knolton, had not; and that those Places were no Part of the Vill:

Which was denied by Mr. Lloyd's Counsel; who insisted, That those Two Places being in the Parish of Overton, within the Liberty of the Vill, their Privileges were equal with those of the Vill itself.

To which Point the following Evidence was produced; viz.

On the Part of Mr. Wynne,

John Hughes, Robert Thomas, and John Thomas, being examined, laid, that Over ton-forreign, and Knolton, were tio Part of the Borough of Overton:

That the Inhabitants of Overtonforreign, and Knolton, pay the King's Toll at Wrexham Market, from which those of the Vill were exempted.

Hughes said, he had known Overton 40 Years, and remembered a disputed Election, when those of Overton-forreign did not vote.

Being cross-examined, he said, the Rates, and Parish Officers, were the same for the whole Parish of Overton, including Over ton-for reign, with the Vill.

An ancient Table of the Duties, Tolls, and Tallages, paid at Wrexham, was produced;

Wherein it is entered, that such Burgesses who live in the Borough of Oreton, or are Freeholders within the Liberties of the fame, are exempt from Payment of Toll, for such Corn only, as groweth within the said Borough, or Liberties thereof, and for such Cattle, by them bought or sold, as are necessary to be fed* employed, or used within the said Borough:

But that all other Burgesses of the said Borough, not having Land within the lame, or not living the re, are to pay the Tolls:

And for Corn, which did not grow, and for Cattle, which were not used, or fed, upon the Lands of the said Borough, they are to pay the like Tolls which are paid by other Persons.

Richard Jones, who was, Fifty Years since. Toll-gatherer at Wrexham Market, and continued in that Office many Years, said, that the Inhabitants of Overton Vill

2a

were always exempted from the King's Tolls, which the Inhabitants of Overtonforreign. and Knolton always paid; and, todistinguish them, those of the Vill brought Tickets from the Steward of the Manor, testifying their being of the Vill, and those of Overton-forreign and Knolton, had no Tickets.

Thomas EyloH, Esquire, said, that in his Election, in 1722, an Inhabitant of Over ton for reign offered to vote for him; which being objected to by Mr. Conway, the Witness did not inlist: upon the Vote, apprehending, that hone but those who lived within the Vill, had a Right.

He also said, that, upon the best Enquiry he could make, he could never hear, that any voted, or pretended to vote, as Inhabitants of Overton-forreign, or Knolton.

On Mr. Lloyds Part, as to the Toll taken at Wrexham Market, the contrary Evidence was given, by

Thomas Hart and William Ward-, who laid, that the Inhabitants of Overtonforreign, and Knolton, were exempted from that Toll equally with those, who lived within the Vill:

That, when Hart lived in Overtonforreign, and Ward in Knolton, Hart's Corn, and Ward's Coopery Wares, were seized f >r the Toll by Robert Williams, who succeeded Richard Jonas in the Office ot Toll-gat erer; hut, upon Information, that they lived in the Parish of Over-ton, though not in the Vill, they had their Goods restored, without bringing any Certificate from the Steward of the Manor:

And they were afterwards admitted T\>ll-free, without any Ticket.

And they said, this had been the case of feverdl of their Neighbours.

Which Evidence was confirmed by the said Robert Williams, who came in a Partner with the old Toil-gatherers, and succeeded Jonas in that Office.

And he also declared, that those of Knolton and Over-tonforreign were exempted equally with those of the

Vill.

The Committee came to this Resolution; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that the Inhabitants of Knolton and Overtonforreign, paying Scotland Lot in the Parish of Overton, have a Right to vote in the Election of a Burgess, to serve in Parliament for the Town of Flint.

The Poll for Mr. Wynne was - - - 68 j

Whereout deducing the Out Burgesses,? being -I ^35

It flood -

Mr. Lloyds Poll was -

Deducting the Out Burgesses, being -

It stood -

55°

- 312.

3

- 309

The Objections on both Sides ran upon the Head of Non-payment of Scotland Lot, forne Paupers only excepted, who were very few on either Side.

Mr. Wynne's Counsel produced Evidence to disqualify 142 upon Mr. Lloyds Poll; viz.

C 39 of Flint 1 — Caerwys 22 — Rhyd/an J 8 — Caergnrley 62 — Over tin

Mr. Lloyds disqualined.

142

Fifty-six of which were rcqnaiified by the Evidence a* produced on Mr. Lloyd's Part; viz.

8 of Flint 13 — Rhydlan 7 — Caergurley Requalified./ 28 — Overton

S6

Mr.

i Geo. II.

2i° Maii.

m

Mr. Lloyd's Counsel produced Evidence to disqualify 197 upon Mr. Wynne's Poll; vi2,

102 of Flint

2 — Overton *

13 Rhydlan Mr. Wynne's! 41 — Caerwys

disqualified.\ 39 — Caergurley

l97

One bundried arid Twenty-three of which werS requaiified by the Evidence, as produced on Mr, Wynne's Part; viz.

76 of Flint 6 — Rhydlan 23 — Caerwys 18 — Caergurley

123

Requaiified.

On Mr. Wynne's Part,

It was objected, that the Bailiff, John Jones, who returned Mr. Lloyd, was partial and corrupt.

To which the following Wicnefies were examined; viz.

Mr. Thomas Williams, the Town-clerk; who said, that, before the Election began, he was appointed by both Bailiffs to take the Poll, as being the usual and proper Oftiqer in that same: but the next Day Bailiff John Jones appointed John Jones, an Attorney, to take the Poll for him; which Attorney was the former Day appointed to be only his Clerk, to infp.£t the Poll.

That he, Williams, cast up the Poll, after it was over, and declared the Numbers, wherein Mr. Wynne had so great a Majority; notwithstanding which, the said Bailiff John Jones, without objecting to any Votes, and without calling up the Poll, upon Jones, the Attorney, his telling, or whispering, him, that Mr. Lloyd had the Majority, executed a Return of Mr. Lloyd, though he owned a Majority for Mr. Wynne.

He farther said, that before and since the Election, this Bailiff, John Jones, had told him, that he was obliged to make a Return of Mr. Lloyd, who was his Landlord, and had threatened to turn him out of his Farm, unless he returned him; and that Mr. Lloyd had given him Security, to indemnify him.

Tins Witness laid, that both Bailiffs make but one Officer; and that they had nofeparate Authority.

Edward Jones, being examined, confirmed the Evidence, given by the Town clerk, as to the Proceedings at the Election.

A Note, under Mr. Lloyd's Hand, was produced, dated August the 26th, 1727, promising to indemnify John Jones, the Bailiff, from all Costs and Damages whatever, that may be incurred by returning him, as having a Majority of the Five Boroughs.

Which Note was found in Mr. Lloyds Lodgings at Flint, and taken from thence; and was enquireef after by him, when milled, but Was never delivered to the Bailiff.

On Mr. Lloyd's Part,

It was objected, that the Bailiff, David Jones, who returned Mr. Wynne, was partial; and that there were mobbing, and tumultuous Proceedings, for Mr. Wynne, to the prejudice of Mr. Lloyd.

And Sir Thomas Longueville, being called, and examined, said, he came ro the Ejection with a Party, to vote for Mr. Lloyd, the First Day of the Election: That a great many Colliers and Miners were then in the Hall, and they favoured Mr. Wynne's Friends, in opposition to Mr. Lloyd:

That Bailiff David Jones, and Williams, the Town-clerk, gave Preference to Ajr. Wynne's Veters, in the polling; which occasioned Disorders and Dillurbances, wherein fotne Persons had their Heads broke, and Mr. Lloydbimself was ftrUck:

Vol. f?is

That Bailiff David Jones, and the Town-clerk; refused ^nt several, because they were for Mr. Lloyd, and for no Electofa* other Reason:

That a Scrutiny was demanded for Mr. Lloyd; but Williams, the Town-clerk, refused it.

Being cross-examined, he said, he believed there never was any Election in Wales, without Mobbing and Tumults:

And that the Poll in this Election was closed by the Consent of both Candidates, after Three Proclamations made.

George Cawley said, the Town-clerk declared, he would put down none but who the Bailiff, David Jones; directed: That he refused fdme for Mr. Lloyd.

But the Witness could not speak to their Right of voting.

That the Vicar of Rhydlan had declared for Mr. Lloyd; but did not come to the Election, because he had heard* the Colliers and Miners would be there for Mr. Wynne.

Upon the Reply;

Mr. Wynne's Counsel called

Mr. Edward Jones; who said, the Disorder, which happened the First Day of the Poll, was occasioned by Sir Tho. Longueville, and some with him, getting up upon the Table, and demanding their Party to be polled; which interrupted the Poll, then going on for Mr. Wynne; upon Occasion of which Disorder, the Poll was adjourned till next Day; and then the Candidates coming to an Agreement to poll by Turns, Twenty at a time, all went on quietly.

The Committee came to the following Resolutions:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That George Wynne, Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess, to servein this pvefent Parliament for the Town of Flint, in the County of Flint.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Sahisbury Lloyd, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Town of Flint.

The First of the said Resolutions being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, in the said llesolution, That the Right of Election of a Burgess, to serve in Parliament for the Town of Flint, in the County of Flint, is in the ' Inhabitants of the Boroughs of Flint, Rhydlan, Overton,

Caerwys, and Caergurley, paying Scotland Lot.

The Second of the said Resolutions being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being pur, That the House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That the Inhabitants of KuoltOfii and Overion-forreign, paying Scotland Lot in the Parish of Overton, have a Right to vote in the Election of a Burgess, to serve in Parliament for the Town of Flint;

Tiie House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Te"m for the Nocs, j "j; G 5 ,0!>"

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Third Resolution being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That George Wynne, Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Flint, in the County of Flint;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

S' { Mr. wftfll: } l64‘

J 96*

Sojt was resolved in the Affirmative:

The

Tellers for the Yeas, {Jg"'. Tellers for the Noes, j

idlonjr d

(Uroima.

Earl of Buchan's Ettate.

Seamen's

Waj»ci.

Sinking € und.

2ie_i2° Mali, A. 1728.

The last Resolution Wing rea^ a Second time:

Refilved, That the House doth agree with the Coni* fnittee in the said Resolution, That Salusbury Lloyd, plquire, is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Town of Flint.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this oule To morrow Morning, with the Return for the own of Flhtty in the County of Flint.

The Other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Papers, presented to this House, jiurfuant to their Address to his Majesty, relating to the Lords Proprietors of Carolina surrendering their Interest in that Province to his Majesty, be taken into Con-ffctertftiofl Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock.

and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, An Account of the net Produce into the Exchequer of the several Funds applicable to the sinking the Principal, or Payment of the interest, of the national Debt, distinguishing each of the said Funds, and the annual Exceeding, or Deficiency, of them respectively, from Lady-day, 1710, to Lady-day, 1717; and also an Account, how much of the said Deficiencies have been made good by Parliament.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

fc!lr Whitveorth (according to Order) reported from the C >minittee to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords,'intituled, An Act for vesting in Trustees divers Linds in the several Counties of Berks, Bucks, Wilts, Oxford, and York, the Estate of David, Earl of Buchan, for the Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill-, and found the same to be true; and that all Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, so the Satisfaction of the Committee, except Mr. Herne, whose Petition against the said Bill is depending before the House; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

The Counsel for and against the said Bill were called in.

And the Petition of Paston Herne, Esquire, was read.

And the Counsel on both Sides were heard;

And being withdrawn;

The said Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

O'deredy That Mr. Whitworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

And thfen the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 2 2° die Maii;

Anno i° GeorgiilF Regis, 1728.

Plft A YE as.

AN ingrossed Bill for granting to his Majesty an Aid of Five hundred thousand Pounds, and for the constant, regular, and punctual, Payment of Seamen's Wages, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Ptefs 2. L. 37* To Leave out " and

L. 38. After " Forfeitures" to insert u and M Debilities"

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question federally put thereupon, agreed by the House to be made to the Bill; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, of Five hundred thousand Pounds, towards discharging Wages due to Seamen, and fur the constant, regular, and punctual. Payment of Seamen's Wages for the tutuie; and for appropriating the Supplies granted in this present Session of Parliament; and for disposing of the Surplus of the Money, granted for Half-pay for the Year 1727.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Turner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and defue their Concurence.

The House being informed, that Mr. Beres/ord from the Treasury attended at the Door, he was called in,

Complaint being made to the House, that Rees Griffiths, Edward Stephens, and James Davies, have, since the Meeting of this Session of Parliament, in a forcible Manner, entered upon Part of the Estate of Thomas Lewis, of Harpton, Esquire, a Member of this House, in the Pari (h of Old Radnor, in the County of Radnor, and have cut down Trees there, in Breach of the Privilege of this House:

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections to examine the Matter of the said Complaint, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

The Clerk of the Crown attending (according to Order) with the double Return for the Town of Flint; the same was read, and appeared to be by Two several Indentures, both expressed to be made between the Bailiffs and Burgesses, one of which Indentures is a Return of George Wynne, Esquire, by one of the Bailiffs, and several of the Burgesses, and the other a Return of Salisbury Lloyd, Esquire, by the other Bailiff, and the several other Burgesses, though both Bailiffs make but pne Officer.

And the Sheriff of the County of Flint, not being a Party to either of the said Indentures, as required by the Act of 23 Hen. VI. r. 15.

The said Act was read.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do take the said several Indentures of Return frum off the File.

And he took the same off the File accordingly.

Ordered, That John Jones and David Jones, Gentlemen, late Bailiffs of the Town of Flint, in the County of Flint, do forthwith deliver to the Clerk of the Crown a proper and perfect Return of Salusbury Lloyd, Esquire, who hath been adjudged dulyelefted a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Town; and that the Clerk of the Crown do annex the same to the Precept, returned with the Writ by the Sheriff of the said County of Flint.

Complaint being made to the House, that several Post Letters, directed to Members of this House, have been intercepted, or loft, or taken out of the Boxes appointed for the same at the Door of the House;

The Journal of the Twenty-eight of- March, 1 727* was read.

And the House being moved, to provide against the said Mischief;

Ordered, That, to prevent the intercepting, or losing, of Letter?, directed to Members of this House, the Pwiv. fun appointed to bring Letters from the General Post Office to this House, or fume other Person, to be appointed by. the Commissioners for executing the Office of Postmaster General, do for the future, every Day, during the Session of Parliament, Sundays excepted, constantly attend, from Ten of the Clock in the Morning till One in the Afternoon, and also for Two Hours at tile least immediately after the rising of the House, at the Place appointed for the Delivery of the said Letters, and take care, during hi*Stay there, to deliver the same to the several

Privilege.

Flint

Election.

D livery of Members betur».

i Geo. II. 220 — a30 Matt. 177

several Members to whom they shall be directed, or to their known Servants, or others, bringing Notes under the Hands of the Members, fending for the fame.

Ordered, That the said Officer do, upon his going away, lock up such Letters as shall remain undelivered; and that no Letter be delivered, but within the Hours aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the Commissioners for executing the Office of Postmaster General,

Encouraging An ingrossed Bill for encouraging Seamen who shall en*er voluntarily into his Majesty's Service, was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, by leaving out the last Clause thereof, for returning Pay Lifts every eight Months, upon which Two Months Wages shall be paid.

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the Huufc.

And thereupon the said Clause was cut off from the Bill by the Clerk at the Table.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for encouraging Seamen to enter into his Majesty's Service:

Ordered, That Sir William Strickland do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ships coming from Places infefted, more effectually to perform their Quarantine, and for the better preventing the Plague being brought from foreign Parts into Great Britain, or Ireland, or the Isles of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, and to hinder the spreading of Infection.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Earle took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Earle reported from the Committee, that they had made some Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, South Sea resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Company, the Bill to discharge the Trustees of the South Sea Company of their Trust, and to vest in the said Company the Estates, which were vested in the said Trustees by an Act, of the Seventh Year of his late Majesty's Reign, for railing Money upon the Estates of the late Directors of the South Sea Company and others, and which remain undisposed of, together with the Produce of such Estates, and Effects, as have been disposed of by the said Trustees.

The Orders of the Dav being read;

Colony of Ordered, That the Papers presented to this House, Carolina, puffuant to their Address to his Majesty relating to the Lords Proprietors of Carolina fiinrendering their Interest in that Province to his Majesty, be taken into Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

Way* Refoved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning and Mean*, next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Supply B?115 The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Duties on resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Wine Lees, the Bill for repealing the present Duties payable upon Wine Lees imported, and laying new Duties thereon, and for other Purposes therein mentioned;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause for preventing Frauds in exporting Silk Manufactures.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause to relieve such Persons who, through Neglect, or Inadvertency, have omitted to pay the several Rates or Duties upon Money, given, paid, or contrafted for, with Apprentices.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put. That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause to enable the Mayor, Aldermen, and Justices of the Peace, of the City of London, to determine the Prices of English Corn and Grain, when they shall find it necessary, for a limited Time*

It passed in the Negative.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that they had considered the Petition of the Makers of Glass Bottles in and about the City of Bristol, referred to them; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Performance The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Quarantine Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to oblige ' Vol. 2L

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine, of the Clock.

Jovis, 2 30 die Man;

Anno i° Georgii Ildi Regis, 1728.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Mayor, Aldermen, and other importition principal Inhabitants, of the Borough of Helfion, in of Corn, the County of Comzvall, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Price of Corn is grown to an extravagant Height, though the Harvest is at Three Months distance; so that the Poor about them are greatly increased, for want of Employment, by reason many of the Tin Mines thereabouts are unwrought: And praying, that the Customs payable on foreign Corn, may be taken off, and Liberty given to import Corn from all Places abroad, for such Time, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Aldermen, and other principal Inhabitants, of the Borough of Penryn, in the County of Cornwall, is referred; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Doctor&D^r reported from the Committee to whom Crondall the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Estate. veiling an undivided Fifth Part of a Leasehold Estate in Crondall, in the County of Southampton, in Trustees, to be sold, and with the Money, arising by the Sale thereof, to purchase any other Estate or Estates, to be settled to the same Uses, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment:

And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

The said Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Doctor Sayer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for removing certain Doubts con- Supply Bill 5. ceming the Continuance of the additional Duty of Two Dunes on Pence per Gallon upon low W ines, and Spirits of the First ow Y y Extraction

C-Oiy.d a

_--- cy

ijs

2$° — 240 Mail,

A- 1728.

E-Xtraction from foreign Materials, granted by an Act qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, within

Supply Bill; Duties on Wine Lees.

made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for removing certain Doubts concerning the additional Duty of Two Pence per Gallon upon low Wines, and Spirits of the first Extraction from foreign Materials; *md for obviating Questions relating to Appeals in Matters of Excise, and for appointing the Number of Commissioners of Excise, who may hear Causes depending before them.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Turner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Charles Turner (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for repealing the present Dunes payable upon Wine Lees imported, and laying new Duties thereon, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed, the Amendments, the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the said Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and upon the Question severally pur thereupon, with an Amendment to one of them, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Lighthoun and Mr. Majharn:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Commissioners of the Treasury, or the Lord Debt to *the High Treasurer, for the Time being, to compound with Gfflrge Townshend, Mountague Bacon. John Atwood, and John Burton, late Commissioners for licensing Hawkers, Pedlars, and petty Chapmen, for a Debt, they (land charged, with to the Crown, without any Amendment: And also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain the Acts, of the Third and Ninth Years of his late Majesty's Reign, for continuing the Duty of Two Pcny Scots on every Pint of Ale and Beer, fold in the City of Edinburgh, in relation to the Payment of Petty Port Cufltoms; and for the more effectual securing the Payment of fetch Money as hath been, or shall be, contributed towards a charitable Fund for Relief of such as shall suffer by Fire in the said City, and the Suburbs, and Liberties thereof; without any Amendment:

And also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making Provision for the Rjeftor of the new Church, situate near Milhank, in the Parish. of Si. Margaret, Westminster, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, without any Amendment:

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Commissioners of Hawkers, Debt to the

CflBW*.

Edinburgh

Petty

Customs.

Milbank new Church Minister's Maintenance.

the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals; and that the Title be. An Act for indemnifying Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; and for repealing so much of Two Acts of Parliament therein mentioned, as requires Persons to qualify themselves to continue in Offices or Employments for the Space of Six Months after the Demise of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney-general do carry the Bill to (he Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Pearfe, from the Commissioners of the Navy, pre-lented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the Value of the Stores, which have been expended for the Service of the royal Navy, from Christmas, 1722, to Christmas last; and also an Account of what has been purchased for the same Use, within, the same time; distinguishiijg, what has been expended, and purchased, each Year.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to beperufed by rbe Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 24.0 die;

Anno 1° Georgii IIdl Regis, 1728. Prayers.

R. Hampden reported from the Committee to

Naval

Scores.

M

Performance The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a of Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Quarantine. tp 0y,ge Ships coiuing from Places infefted, more effectuallytp perform their Quarantine, and for the better preventing the Plague being brought from foreign. Parts into Great Britain, of Irelandor the Uses of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, and to hinder the (preading of Infection.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Earle took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Earle reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Officti and An ingrossed Bill for indemnifying Persons whq ham omitted to take the Oaths or Afluianne, or otherwise to l7

whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estate, late of Sir John fVittewronge, Baronet, deceased, in the County of Bucks, in Trtiftees, to enable them to convey the same to the most noble Sarah Duchess Dowager of Marlborough, the Purchaser thereof under a Decree of the High Court of Chancery, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

The said Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Hampden do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Witte^rrongr1*

ElUte.

Mr. Earle (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to oblige Ships coming from Places infefted, more effect ually to perform their Quarantine, and for the better preventing the Plague being brought from foreign Parts into Great Britain, or Ireland, or the lfles of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, or Man, and to hinder the spreading of Infection, was committed, the Amendments, the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House: , And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the1 Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's.Table^ where the said Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, * upon,.the; Question severally put thereupon, with an Amendment to one of them, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the BUI, with the Amendmentr, be ingrossed.

An

Performance oi'

mine.

I Geo. IT. 240 — 27* Maii. 170

Fox's Estate.* An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable James Fox, Esquire, and others, to make Leases of the Estate in the County of Surry, devised to himby Francesy late Viscountess Lanesborough, and for Sale of Bridge house Farm, Part of the said Estate, and investing the Money in the Purchase of other Lands in the same County, to be settled to the like Uses, and for other Purposes herein mentioned, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Winnington, Lord Marquis of Hartington, Mr, Hamilton, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Reynell, Mr. Cary, Mr. Hughes, Mr. Onftozv, Mr. Waller, Mr. Jacomb, Mr. Lifter, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Bacon, Lord L/ozc;, Mr. Hunger ford, Mr. Monroe, Mr. Drummond, Sir 5/. Quintin, Sir Archer Croft,

Mr. Windham, Mr. Sandy s, Mr. Ogle thorp, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Leveson Gower, Mr. #0.v, Mr, Gzvyn, Mr. Vaughan, Colonel Bladen, Mr. Laroch, Mr. Duncomb, Mr. #00///, Mr. Crojfe, Mr. Erjhine, Mr. Holland, Sir Wilfrid Lavjfon, Mr. Lazvfun,- Mr. Campbell, Mr. A ling ton, Mr. Williams, Mr. Lowther, Lord /Lw. Rowlett, Sir Or/. Bridgman, Sir 7<;//« Rujhont, Sir Nathaniel Gould, Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Pelhamv General #0^, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Herbert, Sir Charles 'Turner, Mr. Clayton; and all the Members that serve for the County of Surry: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed, have Leave to fit, and proceed on the said Bill, upon Monday Morning next.

Supdv Bill; An ingrossed Bill for repealing the present Duties pay-Win^Lecs a^e upon ^nc Lees imported, and laying new Duties thereon, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was pead the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act for repealing the present Duties on Wine Lees, and Lignum Vita, and laying new Duties on Wine Lees j and for prohibiting the Importation of Wine in Flasks, Bottles, or small Casks; and for preventing Frauds in exporting Silk Manufactures; and for supplying the Want of regular Certificates of such Manufactures being landed in foreign Parrs, where such Certificates cannot be had; and for giving further time to Clerks and Apprentices to pay Duties omitted to be paid for their Indentures and Contrafts.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Turner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Thurston and Mr. Maftiam:

Mr. Speaker,

Rochester to The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Mrfidftone, for repairing and enlarging the Road leading from the c. oa s. capecj effo Sign the Bells, in the Parish of

St. Margaret, in Roc heft er, to Maidstone, and orher Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Kent, without any Amendment:

Hockliffe And also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled. Roads. An Act for more effectual amending the Highway between Hockliffe and Woburn, in the County of Bedford, and for repairing the Road through Woburn to Tickford Bridge, in Newport Pagnell, in the County of Bucks, without any Amdndment:

Supply Bill; And also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, Annuities An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by Sale of Coa?Dutie8 -Annuities to Bank of England at Four Pounds per U1 ' Centum, redeemable by Parliament, and charged upon the Duties on Coals and Culm; and for further applying the Produce of the Sinking Fund; and for enlarging the Time for exchanging Nevis and St. Christophers Debentures for Annuities at Three per Cent, and for applying the Arrears of his late Majesty's Civil List Revenues; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That Mr. Robert Rrifcoe, the Messenger Vol. 31.

attending the Great Seal, do attend'this House upon Salop, this Day Sevennight. Ekaton

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Cnwn do attend this Rcturnt. House upon this Day Sevennight, with the Returns for the Counties of Salop, Chester, Carnarvon, Anglesea,

Montgomery, and Denbigh.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Colony of Papers, presented to this House, pursuant to their Caroluia* Address to his Majesty, relating to the Lords Proprietors of Carolina surrendering their Interest in that Province to his Majesty.

And the said Papers were read.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to contract with the Lords Proprietors of Carolina for the Purchase and Surrender of their Title and Interest in that Province; and to assure his Majesty, that this House will make good the Expence his Majesty shall be at on Account of the said Purchase, out of the next Aids to be granted by Parliament.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

An ingrossed Bill to oblige Ships coming from Places Performance infefted, more effectually to perform their Quarantine, °£. and for the better preventing the Plague being brought ^uaran nc# from foreign Parts into Great Britain, or Ireland, or the Isles of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, and to hinder the Ipreading of infection, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be,

An Act to oblige Ships coming from Places infefted, more effectually to perform their Quarentine, and for the better preventing the Plague being brought from foreign Parts, into Great Britain, or Ireland, or the Isles of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, and to hinder -the. ipreading.of infection.

Ordered, That Mr. Earle do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 270 die Matt;

Anno i° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1728.

Prayers.

MR. Compton reported from the Committee to whom Overdone , the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An inclosure. Act for vesting Part of the Glebe Linds belonging to the Rectory of Overftone, in the Councy of Northampton, in Henry Stratford, Esquire, and his Heirs, to enable the making of inclosures, and for other Purposes herein mentioned, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment;

And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

The said Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Compton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Lighthoun and Mr. Thomas Bennet:

Mr, Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Encouraging for encouraging Seamen to enter into his Majesty's volunlccr Service, without any Amendment. cart, cn‘

And

Coo^l

v — tV

iSo

27

Mail

A. 1728.

Sramcns And also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, WaSc,< An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty of Five hundred thousand Pounds, towards discharging Wages due to Seamen, and for the constant, regular, and punctual, Payment of Seamens Wages for the future; and for appropriating the Supplies granted in this present Session of Parliament; and for disposing of the Surplus of the Money, granted f r Half-pay for the Year 1727, without any Amendment.

Fuftanj And also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, ?J,they -An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the n Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for building a Bridge crols the River of Thames, from the Town of Fulham, in the County of Middlefew to the Town of Putney, in the County of Surrey, and for making the said Act more effectual, without any Amendment.

Scotch And also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, forfeited An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Estates. Thirteenth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled,

" An Act for Sale of such of the forfeited Estates in that " Part of Great Britain called Scotland, as remain unfold,

<c and are vested in the Crown, and for determining " such Claims on the said Estates, as, having been duly " entered, remain undetermined,'* without any Amendment.

Laws for And also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, repairing An Act for Punishing such Persons as shall wilfully and Highways. ma|iciously pUH down or destroy Turnpikes, for repairing Highways, or Locks, or other Works, erected by Authority of Parliament, for making Rivers navigable, with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Privilfge. A Complaint being made to the House, that Edward Kilvington, junior, Gentleman, hath, in April last, caused a Declaration in Ejectment to be delivered by Robert Cuss to Jane Leadley, Widow, a Tenant to Sir James Long, Baronet, a Member of this House, at Leikby, in the County of York, in which Suit the Title of the said Sir James Long to Lands there will be drawn into Question; and that George Haffel is Attorney for the Plaintiff; in Breach of the Privileges of this House;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Matter of the said Complaint, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Agmondcfham A Petition of Charles Hayes, Esquire, was presented to Election. the House, and read; Petting forth, that at the late Election of a Member, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Agmondesham, in the County of Bucks, in the room of Montague Gerrard Drake, Esquire, deceased, the Petitioner, and Marmaduke Allington, Esquire, flood Candidates; and the Petitioner was chosen by a Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned; but William Child and William Haley, Constables, and returning Officers of the said Borough, refused the Votes of several, who were duly qualified, and would have voted for the Petitioner, and admitted several to poll for Mr, AUington, who were not qualified, by receiving Alms, and otherwise; and the said Constables have arbitrarily returned Mr. Allington, in wrong to the Petitioner: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of William Tanner, Richard Sheppard, and William Browne, in behalf of themselves and other Inhabitants of the Borough of Agmondesham, in the County of Bucks, paying Scotland Lot, and not receiving Alms, whefe Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that at the late Election of a Burgess, to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, in the room of Montague Gerrard Drake,

Esquire, deceased, Charles Hayes and Marmaduke Allington, Esquires, flood Candidates: That Mr. Hayes would have had a Majority of legal Votes, but through the Partiality of the Constables, who are the returning Officers, by admitting several to poll for Mr. Allington, who were not qualified, and excepted against as receiving Alms, and by refusing the Poll of several that were qualified, and would have voted for Mr. Hayes, and by Threats, and other indirect Practices, they procured a Majority for Mr. Allington on the Poll, and have returned him; all which Proceedings are in Violation of the Rights and Privileges of the Petitioners, as well as wrong to Mr.

Hayes: And praying the House to relieve them, as in Justice shall seem meet.

Ordered, Thar the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Mr. Winnington reported from the Committee to whom 6 the ingrofi'ed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable James Fox, Esquire, and others, to make Leases of the Estate in the County of Surrey, deviled to him by Frances, late Viscountess Lanesborough, and for Sale of BridgeAioufe Farm, Part of the said Estate, and investing the Money in the Purchase of other Lands in the same County, to be settled to the like Uses, and for other Purposes herein mentioned, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

The said Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Winnington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Complaint being made to the House, that William privileg*. Eyre, a menial Servant to Sir William Morice, Baronet, a Member of this House, hath been arrested by William Brookjby, in an Action of Debt, at the Suit ot Rowland Gilbert; in which Action Edward Round is Attorney for the Plaintiff; in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Matter of the said Complaint, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Roxburgh the Clerk of the Croton, to make out a new Writ, for Writ, electing a Commissioner, to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Roxburgh, in the room of William Douglas, of Cavers, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Shire, hath accepted the Office of Keeper of the General ltegifter of Hornings in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Malmefbury the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for Writ, electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Malmesbury, in the County of Wilts, in the room of Gyles Earle, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of one of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Revenue in Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Honiton, in the County of Devon, in the room of Sir William Tonge, Knight of the Bath, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of one of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain.

The

Honiton

Writ.

i Geo. II.

27 — 28° Mail.

181

a

Laws for The House proceeded to take into Consideration the repairing Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, ighways. for puniftring such Persons, as shall wilfully and

maliciously pull down or destroy Turnpikes for repairing , H ighways, or Locks or other Works erected by Authority of Parliament for making Rivers navigable.

And the said Amendments were read, and are as follow; viz.

Press 1. L. 36. After "Night" insert "wilfully and " maliciously."

Press 2 L. 36. After "Night" insert "wilfully and " maliciously."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Holland do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments, made by their Lordships.

Colony of Mr. Treasurer reported to the House, that their Carolina. Address of Friday last, that his Majesty would be graciously pleased to contract with the Lords Proprietors of Carolina for the Purchase and Surrender of their Title and Interest in that Province; and to assure his Majesty, that this H^use will make good the Expence his Majesty shall be at on account of the said Purchase, out of the next Aids to be granted by Parliament, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty was pleased to receive the same very graciously; and had commanded him to acquaint this House, that his Majesty will give the proper Orders, pursuant to their Address; and hopes, that, if this Affair can be perfected, it will be very advantageous to the Kingdom.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ugbthoun and Mr. Thomas Benuet:

Mr. Speaker,

Supply Bill; The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Duties on for removing Doubts concerning the additional Duty of w mes. qpWQ pfence per Gallon upon low Wines, and Spirits of the first Extradion from foreign Materials; and for obviating Questions relating to Appeals in Matters of Excise, and for appointing the Number of Commissioners of Excise, who may hear Causes depending before them; without any Amendment:

Incumbrance And also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, on Donogh- An Act for discharging an Incumbrance on the Lands of more Lands. jyon0ghm0re, Part of the Bishoprick of CLynt, in Ireland, without any Amendment:

Delerme't And also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, Wat. An Act for naturalising James Delerme, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

mittee; and that the Committee had directed him to re- i

port the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: -

And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

The said Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant Sheppatd do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Thomas Btrmet and Mr. Masham:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Supply Bill; for repealing the present Duties on Wirte Lee$, and wh^Lees Lignum Vita, and laying new Duties on Wine'Lees; '

and for prohibiting the Importation of Wine in Flasks,

Bottles, or small Calks; and for preventing Frauds in exporting Silk Manufactures, and for supplying the Want of regular Certificates of such Manufactures being landed in foreign Parts, where such Certificates cannot be had; and for giving further Time to Clerks and Apprentices to pay Duties, omitted to be paid for their Indentures and Contracts, without any Amendment:

And also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, Peformanc* An Act to oblige Ships, coming from Places infected, Q °*. more effectually to perform their Quarantine, and for '^aran e* the better preventing the Plague being brought from foreign Parts into Great Britain, or Ireland\ or the Illes of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, and to hinder the spreading of Infection, without any Amendment:

And also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled. Offices and An Act for indemnifying Persons, who have omitted to EmPloy* qualify themselves for Offices and Employmentswithin the mcn

Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; and for repealing so much of Two Acts of Parliament therein mentioned, as requires Persons to qualify themselves to continue in Offices or Employments for the Space of Six Months after the Demise of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, without any Amend meat:

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Thirtke the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for Writ, the eledingaBurgefs, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Thirke, in the County of York, in the room of Sir Thomas Frankland, Baronet, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of one of the Comnflffioners for Trade and Plantations.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to York Writ, the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the eleding a Knight of the Shire, to serve in this present Parliament for the County of York, in the room of Sir ThomasJVentworth, Knight of the Bath, now Lord Walton, called up to the House of Peers.

Mart is, 28° die Maii;

Anno t* Georgii IIUi Regis, 1728.

Praye rs.

KichoIJs'i

fcftaie.

incoln r\RDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to

Writ. \J tke Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the eleding a Citizen, to serve in this p&fent Parliament for the City of Lincoln, in the room of Sir John MonJony Baronet, and Knight of the Bath, now Lord Monson, called up to the House of Peers.

Mr. Serjeant Sheppard reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of John Nichollsy Esquire, deceased, in the County of Cornwall\ for Payment of his Debts and Legacies, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Com-Vql. 31.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the C.own, to make out a new Writ for the eleding a Knight of the Shire, to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Norfolk, in the room of Sir John Hobarty Baronet, and Knight of the Bath, how Lord Hobarty called up to the House of Peers.

1

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the eleding a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Norfolk, in the room of Sir Thomas Coke, Knight of the Bath, now Lord Lovell, called up to the House of Peers.

The House being informed, That the ChristianNames of some of the Persons, complained of Yesterday fora Breach of Privilege, in arresting William Eyrey a menial Servant to Sir William Morrice, Baronet, a Member of this House, had been mistaken, viz. William, for Edward, Brookfby, and Edward, fer William, Round,

Ordered, That the said Mistakes be redified.

Z z A Message

Norfolk

Writ.

Ditto.

Pr/vilege,

i8s

Royal Assent A Mefikge from his Majesty, by Sir Charles Dalton, to Billi. Gentleman-ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend his Majesty immediately in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty in the House of Peers; where his Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several public and private Bills following; viz.

- An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England, at Four Pounds per Centum, redeemable by Parliament, and charged upon the Duties on Coals and Culm; and for further applying the Produce of the Sinking Fund; and for enlarging the Time for exchanging Nevis, and St. Christophers Debentures for Annuities at Three per Cent, and for applying the Arrears of his late Majesty's Civil List Revenues:

An Act for removing Doubts concerning the additional Duty of Two Pence per Gallon upon low Wines, and Spirits of the first Extraction from foreign Materials; and for obviating Questions relating to Appeals inMatters of Excise, and for appointing the Number of Commissioners of Excise, who may hear Causes depending before them:

An Act for repealing the present Duties on Wine Lees, and Lignum Vita, and laying new Duties on Wine Lees; and for prohibiting the Importation of Wine in Flaflcs, Bottles, or small Calks; and for preventing Frauds in exporting Silk Manufactures, and for supplying the Want of regular Certificates of such Manufactures being landed in foreign Parts, where such Certificates cannot be had; and for giving further Time to Clerks and Apprentices to pay Duties, omitted to be paid for their Indentures and Contracts:

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty of Five hundred thousand Pounds, towards discharging Wages duetoSeamen, and for the constant, regular, and punctual. Payment of Sekmens Wages for the future; and for ap-, propriating the Supplies, granted in this present Session of Parliament; and for diljpofing of the Surplus of the Money granted for Half-pay for the Year 1727:

An Act for encouraging Seamen to enter into his Majesty's Service:

An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled,

" An Act for Sale of such of the forfeited Estates in that €i Part of Great Britain, called Scotland, as remain unfold, u and are vested in the Crown, and for determining such " Claims on the said Estates, as, having been duly entered, " remain undetermined:"

An Act to oblige Ships, coming from Places infefted, more effectually to perform their Quarantine, and for the better preventing the Plague being brought from foreign Parts into Great Britain, or Ireland, or the Isles of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, and to hinder the spreading of Inteftion:

An Act for indemnifying Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices ^nd Employments within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; and for repealing so much of Two Acts of Parliament therein mentioned, as requires Persons to qualify themselves to continue in Offices or Employments for the Space of Six Months after the Demise of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors:

An Act to explain the Acts of the Third and Ninth Years of his late Majesty's Reign, for continuing the Duty of Two Peny Scots on every Pint of Ale and Beer, fold in the City of Edinburgh, in relation to the Payment of petty Port Customs, and for the more effectual securing the Payment of such Money, as hath been, or shall be, contributed towards a charitableFund for Relief of such as shall suffer by Fire in the said City, and the Suburbs and Liberties thereof:

An Act for punishing such Persons as shall wilfully and maliciously pull down or destroy Turnpikes for repairing Highways, or Locks or other Works erected

A. 1728.

by Authority of Parliament for making Rivers navigable:

An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for building a Bridge cross the River of Thames, from the Town of Fulham, in the County of Middlesex, to the Town of Putney, in the County of Surrey, and for making the said Act more effectual:

An Act for making Provision for the Rector of the new Church, situate near Milbank, in the Parish of St. Margaret, Westminster, and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for erecting a Workhouse in the City of Canterbury, for employing and maintaining the Poor there, and for better enlightening the Streets of the said City:

An Act for enlarging the Term, granted by an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for repairing the Highways between the Bear Inn in Reading, and Puntfield, in the County of Berks, and for making the said Act more effectual; and for amending other Roads in this Act mentioned:

An Act for repairing and enlarging the Road, leading from the House, called The Sign of the Bells, in the Parish of St. Margaret, in Rochester, to Maidstone, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Kent:

An Act for more effectual amending the Highway between Hockliffe and Woburn, in the County of Bedford, and for repairing the Road, leading through Woburn to Tickford Bridge, in Newport Pagnell, in the County of Bucks:

An Act for repairing and amending several Roads, leading to and from the Borough of Evefharn, in the County of Worcester:

An Act for enabling Charles, Duke of Grafton, Lord of the Manor of Grafton, in the County of Northampton, to inclose the common Fields and waste Grounds within the said Manor, in pursuance of several Agreements between the said Duke, and the Rector and Churchwardens of the Parish of Grafton Regis, and to establish the said Agreements:

An Act for vesting in Trustees divers Lands in the several Counties of Berks, Bucks Wilts, Oxford, and York, the Estate of David, Earl of Buchan, for the Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act to enable the Commissioners of the Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer, for the Time being to compound with George Townsend, Mountague Bacon, John Atwood, and John Burton, late Commissioners for licensing Hawkers, Pedlars, and petty Chapmen, for a Debt they Hand charged with to the Crown

An Act to enable the Commissioners of the Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer, for the Time being, to compound with Thomas Hammond, late of London, Merchant, and his Sureties, for a Debt due to the Crown for Customs on Tobacco and Wines:

An Act for vesting the Estate of Sir Halfwell Tynte, Baronet, and Dame Mary his Wife, in Right of Dame Mary, in Trustees, to be settled to the IJfes in their Marriage Articles:

An Act for vesting the Estate, late of Sir John Witte-wronge, Baronet, deceastd, in the County of Bucks, in Trustees, to enable them to convey the same to the most noble Sarah, Duchess Dowager of Marlborough, the Purchaser thereof under a Decree of the High Court of Chancery:

An Act for impowering the honourable Charles Howard, Esquire, to raise Money by Sale, or Mortgage, of the Manors of Walden, alias Chipping Walden, Brook Walden, and other Manors and Lands therein mentioned, for Payment of the Debts of Charles William, late Earl of Suffolk and Biudon deceased:

An Act for making more effectual a Deed of Appointment, executed by Frederick Tylney, Esquire, late deceased, with respect to Twenty thousand Pounds, and for settling the same for the Purposes herein mentioned:

An Act for vesting the real Estates of William

Scourfield,

28° Mail.

2 Geo. If. 28 — 8 Augusti. — 150 OBobris. — 50 Decembrist

i.

a

1

Scourfield, the elder, Esquire, Catherine, his Wife, William Scourfieldy the younger, Esquire, and Anne, his Wife, in the Counties of Pembroke and Brecon, in Trustees, to certain Uses therein mentioned:

An Act for Relief of Hyacinthus Richard Nugent:

An Act for discharging an Incumbranceon the Lands of Donoghmore, Part of the Bishoprick of Cloyne, in Ireland:

An Act for vesting Part of the Glebe Lands, belonging to the Rectory of Overstone, in the County of Northampton, in Henry Stratford, Esquire, and his Hejrs, to enable the making of Inclosures, and for other Purposes herein mentioned:

An Act for confirming the Inclosure and Division of the common Fields, and common Grounds, within the Manors and Parishes of Overton, Longville, and Botolphs Bridge, in the County of Huntingdon:

An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of Francis Sheldon, Esquire, aLunatick, for discharging the Debts and In- cumbrances affecting the same:

An Act for vesting an undivided Fifth-part of a Lease-hold Estate in Crondall, in the County of Southampton, in Trustees, to be sold, and with the Money, arising by the Sale thereof, to purchase One or more Estate of Estates in Possession, to be settled to the same Uses:

An Act to enable James Fox, Esquire, and others, to make Leases of the Estate in the County of Surrey, devised to him by Frances, late Viscountess Lanesborough, and for Sale of Bridge-botije Farm, Part of the said Estate, and investing the Money in the Purchase of other Lands in the same County, to be settled to the like Uses, and for other Purposes herein mentioned:

An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of John Nichells, Esquire, deceased, in the County of Cornwall, for Payment of his Debts and Legacies, and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for naturalizing James Delerme*

After which, his Majesty was pleased to make a most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament* as fob loweth; viz.

The Kine's My Lords, and Gentlemen,

Speech. The Dispatch you have given to the publick Business, and the advanced Season of the Year, make it proper for me to put an End to this Session of Parliament.

The Zeal and Unanimity which you have shewn in all your Proceedings, with regard to the true Interest of your Country, and in Support of the common Cause, have fully answered my Expectations, and will, I am persuaded, give general Satisfaction here at home, and cannot fail of having their due Weight and Influence abroad.

I expect very soon to hear, that the Congress is opened, the preliminary Articles having laid fogood a Foundation fora general Pacification. I hope all Parties will bring with them such favourable Dispositions for finithing and perfecting this desirable Work, that we shall soon fee a happy Conclusion of this important Transaction, with that Satisfaction to me, and my Allies, which may reasonably be expected from the Justice of our Cause, and the mutual Confidence which is established among us.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I return you my Thanks for the effectual Supplies you have raised for the Service of the Year. The prudent Application you have made of the Produce of the Sinking Fund will contribute to the Support of the publick Credit; and the Power you have given me of borrowing Five hundred thousand Pounds, for the Discharge of the Seamens Wages will meet with universal Approbation.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

It is unnecessary for me to recommend, in any particular manner, to your Care, the Preservation of the publick Peace in your several Stations and Countries. Your own Inclinations will naturally lead you, by a due Execution of the Laws, and a faithful Administration of Justice, to promote upon all Occasions the Welfare and Prosperity of my People.

VOL. 21.

And afterwards the Lord Chancellor, by his Majesty's Command, said,

x My Lords and Gentlemen,

It is his Majesty's royal Will and Pleasure, that this Parliament be prorogued to Thursday, the Eighth Day of August next, to be then here held: and this Parliament is accordingly prorogued to Thursday, the Eighth Day of August next.

Jovis, 8° die Augusti,

Anno 20 Georgii IP1 Regis, 1725.

THE House being met, according to the last Prorogation;

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Sir Wm. Sanderson, Deputy Gentleman-usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty's Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mn Speaker, With the House, went up to the House of Peers; where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament until Tuesday, the 15th Day of October next; and the Parliament was prorogued accordingly until Tuesday, the 15th Day of October next.

Martis, t 50;

Anno 2° Georgii IIdl Regis, 1728.

THE House being met, according to the last Pro rogation;

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Sir Wm. Sanderson, Deputy Gentleman-ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty's Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers; where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament until Thursday, the 5th Day of December next; and the Parliament was prorogued accordingly until Thursday, the 5th Day of December next.

Jovisy 50 die Decembris;

Anno 2* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1728.

THE House being met, according to the last Prorogation;

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Sir Charles Dalton, Gentleman-usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty's Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read*

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers; where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament until Tuesday, the 21st Day of January next; and the Parliament was prorogued accordingly until Tuesday, the 21st Day of January next.

183

Parliament

prorogued.

Parliament

further

prorogued;

Parliament

further

prorogued.

Parliament

further.

prorogued.

184 2i° Januarii. ^.1728.

Proclamation for Meeting of Parliament.

By the KING,

A PROCLAMATION.

GEORGE, R.

WHEREAS our Parliament {lands prorogued to 'Thursday, the 5th Day of this instant December; we, with the Advice of our Privy Council, do hereby publish and declare, that the said Parliament shall be further prorogued, on the said Fifth Day of this instant December, to Tuesday, the Twenty-first Day of January next ensuing; and we have given Order to our Chancellor

Parties to the Treaties of Hanover and Vienna, was approved of by me, and my Allies, not without reasonable Hopes of the Concurrence of the Imperial Court, and the Court of Madrid.

But no definitive Answer being yet returned by either of them, nor the projedtof the provisional Treaty either accepted, or rejected, the Fate of Europe is (till held in Suspense, labouring under Difficulties, that unavoidably attend such a doubtful and undetermined Condition.

It is with no small Concern, that I am again obliged to speak to my Parliament in this State of Uncertainty, nor

of Great Britain, to prepare a Commission, for proroguing am I insensible of the Burthens, which my Subjects bear.

Message to attend the King.

Members take Oaths.

Clandestine

Outlawries.

The King's Speech reported.

the same accordingly. And we do hereby further declare our royal Will and Pleasure, that the said Parliament shall on the said Twenty-first Day of January next be held, and fit, for the Dispatch of divers weighty and important Affairs; and the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, and the Commissioners for Shires and Burghs of the House of Commons, are hereby required to give their Attendance accordingly, at Westminster, on the said Twenty-first Day of January next.

Given at our Court at St. James's, the Fourth Day of December 1728, in the Second Year of our Reign.

GOD save the King.

Mart is, 210 die januarii;

Anno 20 Georgii IIHi Regis, 17*8,

A MESSAGE from his Majesty, by Sir Charles Dalton, Gentleman-uiher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend his Majesty immediately in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty:

And being returned;

Several Members, returned upon new Writs, took the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, pursuant to the Laws made for those Purposes.

A Bill for the more effectual preventing clandestine Outlawries, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Speaker reported, that the House had attended his Majesty in the House of Peers; where his Majesty was pleated to make a most gracious Speech from the Throne to both Houses of Parliament, of which Mr. Speaker said, he had, to prevent Mistakes, obtained a Copy: Which he read to the House, and is as followeth; viz.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

I am sensible, you are met together in Expedlation of being informed of the present Situation of publick Affairs, and of receiving that Satisfaction, which the Expences, already made, and the Apprehension of their being continued for some longer Time, make it just and reasonable for you to desire.

The Execution of the preliminary Articles, and the opening the Congress at SoiJl'o?is, laid a Foundation for you to entertain Hopes of seeing very soon the happy Fruits and Effects of a general Pacification.

But the various and extensive Views, which fell under Consideration, in settling and reconciling the different Interests and Pretensions of so many different Powers, appeared to be a Work of so much Time, and Difficulty, that the Project of a provisional Treaty was thought of, as a proper Expedient; which being concerted and negotiated among the Ministers of the principal Powers,

and that, in our present Circumstances, some may be induced to think, that an actual War is preferable to such a doubtful and imperfect Peace; but, as the Exchange is easy to be made at any time, and as I am confident, I shall not be thought backward in doing myself, and the Nation, Justice, when a proper Occasion calls upon me for it, I hope you will believe, that a just Regard for the Ease and Interest of my People alone prevailed upon me, rather to suffer some temporary Inconveniences, with the daily* Prospect of obtaining a safe and honourable Peace, than too precipitately to kindle a War in Europe, and to plunge the Nation into ftiil greater and unknown Expences. But, how disagreeable soever these Delays may be, nothing is more unjust, than to impute them to my Conduct, or to that of my Allies. No Endeavours indeed have been wanting, to separate and dissolve the happy Union that is established among us; but long Experience, and repeated Proofs of mutual Fidelity, have fb strengthened and cemented this Alliance, founded upon, and united by, common Interest, that all Attempts to weaken it, or to create Jealousies and Diffidence among us, have proved as vain and fruitless, as the Insinuations to the contrary are false and groundless.

It will nevertheless be incumbent upon us to bring this important Transaction to a speedy and certain Decision, that, if a Conclusion can be put to it, consistent with the Security and Preservation of the Rights, Privileges, and Possessions, of Great Britain, and my Allies, the Blessings of Peace may be diffuled throughout Europe, and my Kingdoms again enjoy the happy Effects of a settled Tranquillity; or, if this cannot be had, that the Allies may unite with Vigour and Resolution, and exert themselves in procuring that Justice and Satisfaction, which has been so long delayed. If this should unavoidably be the Cafe, I depend upon the Zeal and AfL-dlion of this Parliament, that they will cheerfully and effectually support me in carrying on a just and necessary War.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I wished, and truly hoped, to have seen the public Expences very much reduced and lessened before this time; but the present Circumstances of Affairs oblige me to a(k of you such Supplies as shall be necessary for answering and defraying the Charge and Services of the ensuing Year, and for enabling me, as Events may require, to act with Vigour, and in Concert with my Allies, who have resolved to make the same Preparations, and to keep on foot all their extraordinary Forces. I will order the proper Estimates to be immediately prepared, and laid before you; and, as the Produce of the Sinking Fund has exceeded our Expectations, I mull recommend it to your Care, to make a further Application of it to its proper Uses.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

It cannot be expected, that I should enter into the several Causes and Motives which may have occasioned the present Delays in the Courts of Vienna and Madrid; but if, among other Reasons, Hopes, given from hence, of creating Discontents and Divisions among my Subjects, and a Prospect of seeing Difficulties arise at home, have greatly encouraged them in their dilatory Proceedings, I am persuaded, that your known Affection to me, and a

just

2 Geo. II.

2i0 Janud

185

Speech.

just Regard for your own Honour, and the Interest and 1 Security of the Nation, will determine you effectually to discourage the unnatural and injurious Practices of some few, who fugged the Means of cfittreffing their Country, and afterwards clamour at the Inconveniences, which they themselves have occasioned. It is more than probable, that foreign Courts wait now for the Result of your Deliberations; and, as you may depend upon my Constancy and Steadiness, that no wicked and groundless Suggestions or Insinuations shall make me depart from my present Purposes, so I entirely rely upon your Wifdotn, and Unanimity, to convince the World, that such pernicious Designs and Intrigues shall not alter that AffeClioo, Harmony, and good Understanding, which has hitherto l'ubfifted, and I hope will always subsist, between me and my Parliament.

AHJrefson A Motion being made, and the Question being prd-

King?s posed. That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, to return him the Thanks of this House for his most gracious Speech from the Throne; to congratulate his Majesty upon the happy Ariival of his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, to the great Joy and Satisfaction of his Majesty, and all his People; to acknowledge his Majesty's Goodnefsand Wisdom, in avoiding, as far as was possible, all Occasions of Difficulties and Delays, by concerting the most expeditious Methods of concluding with Honour and Justice the Negotiations depending at Soijfons; to express our grateful Sense of his Majesty's tender Regard for the Ease and Interest of his People, in declining to plunge the Nation into greater and unknown Expences, as long as there is a Prospect of obtaining a safe and honourable Peace; to allure his Majesty, that this House, fully convinced, that his Majesty's own Honour, and the Honour of the Nation, are above all Things dear and precious to him, entirely relies upon his Majesty to do himself and the Nation, Justice, as soon as any proper Occasion shall call upon him for it; to declare our Satis-Lction at the Union, so well established, and happily subsisting, between his Majesty and his Allies; humbly to beseech his Majesty to continue his Endeavours, in Concert with his Allies, to bring this important Affair to a speedy and certain Decision; and to assure his Majesty, that this House will grant to his Majesty the Supplies necessary for answering and defraying the Charge and Expences of the ensuing Year; and, if a Rupture should become unavoidable, effectually support his Majesty in carrying on a just and necessary War in Conjunction with his Allies, and enable him to act with Vigour, as Events may require; and will not fail to make a proper Disposition of the growing Produce of the Sinking Fund; to express our utmost Abhorrence of the vile and detestable Practices of those, who by giving Hopes of Discontents, Divisions, and Difficulties, arising here at home, encourage the dilatory Proceedings that have hitherto contributed to retard the Conclusion of these Negotiations; and to assure his Majesty, that this House will, by an inviolable Duty and Affection to his Majesty, and by a steady Perseverance in Support of his Government, and in Maintenance of the true Interest of his People, convince the World, that no false and groundless Insinuations, no wicked and pernicious Designs and Intrigues, whatsoever, shall be able to alter or diminifti that Harmony, and good Understanding, between his Majesty, and his Parliament, which our Inclinations, Duty, and Interest, call upon us inviolably to preserve;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by inferring, after the Words " as soon as any " proper Occasion shall call upon him for it," these Words, *c and thereby to restore, and settle, the Commerce of this Kingdom, and obtain a just: and ample " Satisfaction for the many and great Losses, sustained " by his trading Subjects."

And an Amendment being proposed to be made to the said Amendment, by leaving our the Words " thereby to " restore and settle," and interring, instead thereof, these Words, c< to teeure/' ,

Vol. 2D

And the Question being put, That the Word " thereby" Hand fart of the said Amendment;

It pafl*ed in the Negative. . \

And the Question being put, That the Words " restore " and settle," stand Part of the said Amendment;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

} 87.

Tellers for the Noes, j j

So it passed in the Negative.

Refofaed, That the Word i'ecure" be Lnferted instead thereof.

And the Amendment, thus amended, was agreed unto by the House.

Then the main Question, so, amended, being put;

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, to return him the Thanks of this House for his most gracious Speech from the Throne; to congratulate his Majesty upon the happy Arrival of his Royal Highness the Princcof Wales, to the great Joy and Satisfaction of his Majesty, and all his People; to Acknowledge his Majesty's Goodness and Wisdom, in avoiding, as far as was possible, all Occasions of Difficulties and Delays by concerting the most expeditious Methods of concluding with Honour and Justice the Negotiations depending at Boffins; to express our grateful. Sense of his Majesty's tender Regard for the Eate and Interest of his People, in declining to plunge the Nation into greater and unknown Expences, as long as there is a Prospect of obtaining a safe and honourable Peace; to assure his Majesty, that this House, fully convinced, that his Majesty's own Honour, and the Honour of the Nation, are above all 1 hings dear and precious to him, entirely relies upon his Majesty todohimlelf, and the Nation, Justice, as soon as any proper Occasion shall call upon him for it, and to secure the Commerce of this Kingdom, and ohrain ajustand ample Satisfaction for the many and great' Losses, sustained by his trading Subjects; to declare our Satisfaction at the Union, so well established, and happily subsisting, between his Majesty and his Allies; humbly to beseech his Majesty to continue his Endeavours, in Concert with his Allies, to bring this important Affair to a speedy and certain Decision; and to assure his Majesty, that this House will grant to his Majesty the Supplies, necessary for answering and defraying the Charge and Expences of the ensuing Year; and, if a Rupture should become unavoidable, effectually support his Majesty in carrying on ajustand necessary War, in Conjunction with his Allies, and enable him to act-with Vigour, as Events may require; and will not fail to make a proper Disposition'of the growing Produce of the* Sinking Fund; to express our utmost Abhorrence of the vile and detestable Practices of those, who, by giving Hopes of Discontents, Divisions, and Difficulties, arising here at home, encourage the dilatory Proceedings that have hitherto contributed to retard the Conclusion of these Negotiations; and to assure his Majesty, that this House will, by an inviolable Duty and Aftection to his Majesty; and by a steady Perseverance in Support of his Government, and in Maintenance of the true Interest: of his People, convince the World, that no false and groundlcf Insinuations, no wicked and pernicious Designs and Intrigues, whatsoever, shall be able to alter or diminish that Harmony, and good Understanding, between his Majesty and his Parliament, which our Inclinations, Duty, and Interest, call upon us inviolably to preserve.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to draw up an Address, to be presented to his Majesty, upon the said Resolution:

And it is referred to Sir George Oxen don, Mr. Chet-wynd, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Bladen, M r. Dc ding ton, Mr. Cl utter buck. Lord Marquis of Hartington, Mr. Vice Chamberlain, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Walpole, Sir Wm. Ton^e, Lord Aialfas, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Whitworth, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Dun-comb, Mr. Winning loti, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Scrope, Loid 3 A Wm.

186

21 ° Januar

A. 1728*

Chichester

Writ.

Midhurst

Writ.

1 Wm. Powlet, Sir Wm. Willys, Mr. Hedges, Mr. Byn g, Mr. Edgcumb, Mr. Campbell, Lord Micklethwaite, Mr. Arundell, Mr. Stanbopf, Mr. Attorney-general, Mr. Solicitor^general, Mx. Conduit, Mr. Onslow; or any Five of them: And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speah r's Chamber.

Ordered, That his Majesty's most gracious Speech be referred to the said Committee.

Message to Resolved, Vierhine contradicente, That a Message be sent

th*3Prince of R0yaj Highness the Prince of Wales, to express the

Arrival. " Satisfaction and great Joy of this House at his Royal Highness's safe and happy Arrival in Great Britain.

Ordered, That the Lord Harrington, Colonel Onslow, Sir Thomas Sanderson, Sir John Rushout, Sir Richard Ellys, Mr. Dun combe, Mr. Bowes, and Mr. Henry Bromley, do attend his Royal Highness with the said Message.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do ifllie his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to, make out a new Writ, for the eletting a Citizen, to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Chichester, in the County of Sussex, in the room of the honourable Charles Lumley, Esquire, deceased*

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electinga Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Midhurst, in the County of Sussex, in the room of Alan, Lord Brcdrick, Viscount Middleton in the Kingdom of Ireland, deceased.

Peterborough Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Wdt. Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Citizen, to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Peterborough, in the County of Northampton, in the room of the Right honourable John Earl Fitz William, in the Kingdom of Ireland, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the CrowD, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Knight of the Shire, to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Bucks, in the room of the Right honourable Richard Hampden, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Lyme Regis, in the County of Dorset, in the room of Henry Holt Henley, Esquire, who since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Clerk of the Pipe.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of ^ueenborough, in the County of Kent, in the Room of Sprig Manefley, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of New Shoreham, in the County of Sussex, in the room of Sir Nathanael Gould, Knight, deceased.

Ditto. Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of New Shoreham, in the County of Sussex, in the room of Francis Cham her lay //*, Esquire, deceated.

Buckingham

w#.

Lyme Regis Writ.

Queenhorongh

Writ.

New

Shoreham

Writ.

Grand Com- Ordered, That the grand Committee for Religion do mitccts. fit every Tuesday in the Afternodh, in the House.

Ordered, That the grand Committee for Grievances do fit every Thursday in the Afternoon in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts of Justice do fit every Saturday in the Afternoon, in the House.

be appointed, of Mr. Earl, Lord Hartington, Lord Finch, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Gybbon, Colonel Onslow, Mr. Bertie* Mr. Hedges, Lord Malpas, Mr. Sea wen, Mr. Plummer, Mr. Vincent, Lord IVm. Powlett, Sir Wm. Wyndbatn, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir Char. Turner, Sir Wm. Yonge, Mr. Barnard, Mr. Buncombe, Sir John Rushout, Sir Wilfred Lawjon, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Perry, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Conduitt, Mr. Arundell, Colonel Bladen, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr. Doddington, Mr. Pelham, Lord Tyrconnell, Mr. Compton, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Clayton, Sir Wm. Strickland, Mr. Selwyn, Sir John Eyles, Mr. Scrope, Sir Geo. Oxendon, Lord Gage, Mr. Town-Jhend, Mr. Bramston, Mr. Pulteney, Sir Conyers D'Arcy, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Waller, Mr. Gower, Mr. Danvers, Lord How, Sir Robert Sutton, Mr. Whitworth, Lord Beauclair, Mr. Cary, Mr. Metcalf, Mr. Tuffnell, Lord Cafllemain, Mr. Jacomb, Lord Carnarvon, Mr. Wortley, Sir Robert Clifton, Mr. Cholmondeley, Sir John Norris, Mr. Parsons, Mr. Geers, Mr. Child, Sir Charles Wager, Mr. Daniel Pulteney, Sir Justinian Isham, Lord Morpeth, Sir Richard Grosvenor, Mr. Huxley Mr. Pa-pillon, Mr. Monro, Sir Geo. Cajwall, Lord Palmerston, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Amefley, Sir Tho. Sanderson, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Oglethorp, Mr. Verney, Sir Tho. Sebright, Mr. John Finch, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Keljall, Sir Tho. Clarke, Lord Wm. Manners, Mr. Tiljon, Mr. Fane, Nlx.Worsley, Mr. Brudenell, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Brereton, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Bxnge, Mr. Vane, Mr. Crojfe, Mr. Trelawney, Mr. Shippen, Dr. Clarke, Mr. Vice Chamberlain, Mr. Forbes, Mr. Campbell, Sir Wm. Stanhope, Sir Geo. Saunders, Mr. James Pei ham, Mr. Thomas Pelham, Sir Wm. Barker, Sir John Cope, Mr. Bristow, Mr. Steuart, Mr. Knollys, Mr. Douglas, Mr. North, Colonel Campbell, Mr. Foley, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Devereux, Mr. Manjell, Sir Edward Knatchbull, Mr. Wat kin Williams Wynn, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Bojcawen, Sir Clobery Noell, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Plumptre, General Wade, Mr. Wynn, Sir Nicholas Williams, Sir Orlando Bridgman, Mr. Dockminique, Colonel Pitt, Mr. Bond, Mr. Budge, Mr. Ingram, Sir Archibald Grant, Mr. Offley, Mr. Wyndham, Mr. Newland, Mr. Asce, Sir Tho. Read, Sir Roger Mostyn, Mr. Longueville Mr. Glanvill, Sir Robert Furneje, Six Charles Wills, Sir Ro bert A'uflen, Lord Hervey, Mr. St. John, Dr. Sayer, Mr Edgcumb, S\x Jermyn Davers, Mr. Negus, Mr. Gower, Mr Cockburn, Colonel Cope, Lord Inchequin, Mr. Stanhope Mr. Treby, Sir Archer Croft, Mr. Pearje, Mr. Clutter buck, Mr. Martin, Mr. Owen, Sir Hum. Howarlh, Mr, Scot, Mr. Middleton: And they are to meet Tomorrow Sevennight, at Five of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber; and to fit every Friday, Monday, and Wednesday, in the Afternoon; and all, that come, are to have Voices: And they are to take into Consideration all such Matters, as shall or may come in question, touching Returns, Elections, and Privileges; and to proceed upon double Returns in the First place; and to report their Proceedings, with their Opinions thereupon, to the House from time to time: And all Persons, that will question any Returns, are to do it within fourteen Days next, and so within Fourteen Days next after any new Return shall be brought in: And the Committee are to have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, for their Information: And all Members, who are returned*for Two or more Places, are to make their Election by this Day Three Weeks, for which of the Places they will serve, provided there be no Question upon the Return for that Place: And if any thing 111 a 1' come in question, touching the Return, Election, or Matter of Privilege, of any Member, he is to withdraw during the Time the Matter is in Debate: And that all Members,' returned upon double Returns, do withdraw till their Returns are determined.

Committee

Privileges.

Resolved, That no Peer of this Realm hath any Right to give his Vote in the Election of any Member, to serve in Parliament,

Resolved, That, where the House shall judge any Peti-Ordered, That a Committee of Privileges and Electioni tion, touching Elections, to be frivolous and vexatious,

the

Ordered, That the grand Committee for Trade do fit every Friday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Usual Order

2 Geo. IL 2 l6 — 2i° jfantiarii.

the House will order Satisfaction to be hiade to the Person petitioned against.

Resolved, That, in case it shall appeal*, any Person hath procured himself to be elected, or returned, a Member of this House, or endeavoured so to be, by Bribery, or any other corrupt Practices, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Person.

Resolved, That if it shall appear, that any Person hath been tampering with any Witness, in respect of his Evidence to be given to this House, or any Committee thereqf, or directly, or indirectly, hath endeavoured to deter or hinder arty Person from appearing, or giving Evidence, the same is declared to be a high Crime and Misdemeanor, and this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That if it shall appear, that any Person hath given false Evidence in any same before this House, or any Committee thereof, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That it is a high Infringement of the Liberties and Privileges of the Commons of Great Britain, for any Lord of Parliament, or any Lord Lieutenant of any County, to concern themselves in the Elections of Members, to serve for the Commons in Parliament.

office to this House, or some other Person, to be appointed by the Postmaster General, do for the future, every Day, during the Session of Parliament, Sundays excepted, constantly attend from Ten of the Clock in the Morning till One in the Afternoon, and also for Two Hours at the lead immediately after the Rising of the House, at the Place appointed for the Delivery of the' said Letters, and take care, during his Stay there, to deliver the same to the several Members to whom they shall be directed, or to their known Servants, or others* bringing Notes under the Hands of the Members fending for the fame.,

Ordered, That the said Officer do, upon his going away, lock up such Letters as shall remain undelivered; and that no Letter be delivered but within the Hours aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the Post-nutfter General

Ordered, That the Votes of this House be printed; being, first perused by Mr. Speaker; and that hedo appoint the printing thereof; and that no other Person, but such as he shall appoint, do presume to print the fame.

And then the House adjourned till To-mdrrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Votes to be printed.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms, attending this ~ House, do from time to time take into his Custody any Stranger or Strangers, chat he shall see, or be informed of to be, in the House, or Gallery, while the House, or any Committee of the whole House, is fitting; and that no Person, so taken into Custody, be discharged out of Custody, without the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That the Back-door of the Speaker's Chamber be locked up every Morning, at the Sitting of the House, andlhe Key delivered to the Clerk, to be locked up by him; and that he do not presume to deliver the same to any Person whatsoever, without Order of the House; and that the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, do take care to clear the Speaker's Chamber every Day, before the Door is locked up.

Ordered, That no Member of this House do presume to bring any Stranger or Strangers into the House, or Gallery thereof, while the House is fitting.

Ordered, That the Constables, a$d other Officers, of Middlesex and Weinfer, do take care, that, from Ten of the Clock in the Morning to Four in the Afternoon, during this Session of Parliament, the Passages through the Streets, between Terr.ple Bar and Westminster-hall, shall be kept free and open, and that noObstruction be made by Cars, Drays, Carts, or otherwise, to hinder the Passage of the Members to and from this House; and that the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, do give Notice of this Order to the Officers aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Constables in Waiting do take care, there be no Gaining, or other Disorders, in Westminster-hall, or the Passages leading to the House, during the Sitting of Parliament; and that there be no Annoyance by Chairmen, Footmen, or otherwise, therein, or thereabouts.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the high Bailiff of Westminster, and that he do fee the same put in Execution.

Ordered, That? no Footmen be permitted to be within the Lobby of the House, or upon the Stairs leading thereto.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, do take into his Custody such Footmen as shall presume to disobey the Orders of the House; and that no such Footmen be discharged out of Custody, but by the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That to prevent the intercepting, or losing, of Letters, directed to Members of this House, the Person appointed to bring Letters from the General Post-Vol. 21.

Mercurii, 2 26 die Januarii,

Anno 2° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1728.

Pit AYERS.

A PETITIONof William Peirs, Esquire* was pre- vvdla fented to the House, and read; setting forth, that Election; the Petitioners and Edward Prideaux Gwyn and Thomas Edwards, Esquires, flood Candidates at the last Election of Members to serve in this Parliament for the City of Wells; and the Petitioner was duly elefcled by a Majority of legal Voces; but Richard Cupper, Esquire, the Mayor, refused several good Voters, who offered to poll for the Petitioner, and admitted several to vote for Mr.

Gwyn, and Mr Edwards, who were not qualified; and by Bribery, and other illegal Practices, they have procured themselves to be returned, as duly elected, in Prejudice to the Petitioner: And praying such Relief in the Premises, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and Teport the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of William Lock, Esquire* was presented MilbofRe to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner; port with Thomas Medlyctitt and Michael Harvey, Esquires, Election, flood Candidates for the Borough of Milborne Port; and the said Mr. Medlycott and the Petitioner were duly chosen Members for this Parliament by a Majority of legal Voters, and were returned by one Indenture, executed by Thomas Barret, Deputy Bailiff of the said Borough, who had the foie Right of presiding at the said Election, and returning the Persons elected, unto Edward Dyke, junior, Esquire, then High Sheriff of the said County; but he refused to receive the same, and hath accepted, and returned, an Indenture, executed by one John Barret, alias Berwick, whereby the said Mr. Medlycott and Mr.

Harvey are returned; which Return is illegal; for that John Barret had no Right to preside, or take Votes, at the said Election, and Mr. Harvey, and his Agents, by very illegal Practices, procured many Votes for him, which otherwise would have voted for the Petitioner:

And praying the House to give such Relief in the Prc-mises, as shall be thought meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon to the House.

A Petition

Westbifry

Election.

Tam worth Election.

Newtoun

Election.

Beverley

Election*

m

220 Janu

A. 1728.

A Petition of Sir John Lambert, Baronet, and Anthony Comish, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that at the last Election for Two Burgesses, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of West bury, in thfe County of Witts, Francis Annejlcy and John Hojkins Gifford, Esquires, and the Petitioners, stood Candidates; and the Petitioners had a great Majority of legal Votes, and oughr to have been returned; but Mr, Anneftey, and Mr. Hojkins, by illegal Practices, did prevail on several Persons to vote for them, and also upon James Clift, the Mayor, who had returned them; as duly elected, in Wrong to the Petitioners, and the Constiru-

c p c tion of Parliament: And praying

Re'ief of the House in the Pre-L J miles.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Thomas Abney, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that on the sift of Aitgift, 1727, came on the Election of Burgesses, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Tamworth, Com* Warwick and Stafford; and Wm. Earl of Inc hi quin, the honourable Thomas Willoughby, Esquire, and the Petitioner, stood Candidates: That Beilby Lay cock and Thomas Vaughan, the Bailiffs of the said Borough, behaved themselves very partially in favour of Mr. Willoughby, and many other illegal Practices were used, to procure him to be elected, and returned; and he is returned accordingly, although the Petitioner was duly elected by a great Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned with the Earl of bichiquin: And praying such Relief as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee of Privileges, and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of the honourable Charles Armand Powlet % and of Sir John Barrington, 43aronet, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that at the last Election of Members to f rve in Parliament for the Borough of Newtoun, in the Isle of Wight, James Worsley, Thomas Holmes, and the Petitioners, stood Candidates; and the Petitioners were duly elected by a great Majority of legal Voters; but the Mayor, by admitting Persons to vote for Mr. Worstey and Mr. Holmes, who had no Right, hath made them to have a Majority upon his own Poll, and hath returned them as duly elected, in Wrong to the Petitioners: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the same with their Opinion thereupon, to the House,

A Petition of Sir Charles Hoiham, Baronet, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner, Charles Pelham, and EKerker Bradshaw, Esquires, stood Candidates at the lift Election of Burgesses, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Beverley, Com' York: That Mr. Bradshaw, and his Agents, were guilty of most notorious and open Bribery, and other illegal Practices, both before and at the Election, in order to procure the said Mr. Braafoaw to be elected and returned; and accordingly lie is returned , in manifest Prejudice to the Petitioner: And praying the Consideration of the House, and Relief, in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideratiop of the Committee of Privileges and Eledionsj and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report; the fame, vyiih their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

[] This Note, which is wruten in Ujc Margin, refers to an Entry in the Journal of the 24UJ of January following, relating 10 the said Petition.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do hear the Matter of the said Petition upon Tuesday, the Twenty-fifth Day of February next.

A Petition of Wm. Sloper, Esquire, was presented to Great the House, arid read; setting forth, that at the last Elec- £lc^l<JIU tion of Burgesses, to serve in this Parliament for the Borough of Great Bedwin, Com* Wilts, the Lord Lewisham,

Sir Wm. Willys, Abel Ketelbey, Esquire, and the Petitioner, stood Candidates: That many Persons were admitted to poll for the Lord Lewisham, who had no Right, and many, who had a Right, and offered to poll for the Petitioner, were refuted by the Portreve, in a most arbitrary and illegal Manner; and many other illegal Practices were used, in order to procure the said Lord Lewisham to be elected, and returned; and he is accordingly returned with Sir William Willy $, in Wrong to the Petitioner, who was duly elected, and ought to have been returned with Sir William: And praying such Relief in the Premises, as shall be thought just.

Ordered, That the said Petition berelcired to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of William Carr, Esquire, was presented to NT«wca<tIe the House, and read; setting forth, that Sir Wm. Blacket,

Baronet, Nicholas Fenwick, Esquire, and the Petitioner, stood Candidates at the ldte Election of Members, to serve in this Parliament for the Town and County of Newcastle upon Tyne; and the Petitioner had an undoubted Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned; but that Joseph Lid del, Esquire, who acted as Sheriff and returning Officer, together with Sir William and Mr.

Fenwick, were guilty of Bribery, and other undue Practices, and by Menaces, and Tumults, assaulted and deterred great Numbers of the Petitioners Voters from giving him their Votes; and the said Mayor admitted several Persons to vote for Sir Wm. and Mr. Fenwick, who were not qualified to vote, and refused to administer the Oaths, appointed by Law to be taken by the Voters, when required by the Petitioner; and did also adjourn the Poll, contrary to the express Desire and Protestation of the Petitioner, till next Morning, whereby he was deprived of many Votes, who offered to poll for the Petitioner; and the said Mayor hath returned Sir William Blacket and Mr. Fenwick, as duly elected: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Wm. Bodvell, Esquire, was presented to Beaumaris the House, and read; setting forth, tint the Right of £leaio'»* electing a Burgess, to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, is in the Burgesses of Bcaumarls^tindtUc Burgesses of Newburgh: That at the last Election of a Burgess, to serve for the said Borough of Beaumaris, Henry Bertie,

Esquire, Watkins Williams Wynne, Esquire, and the Petitioner, stood Candidates; and the Petitioner was duly elected, and ought to have been returned; but Mr. John Rozvlands, Mayor, and Maurice Evans and John Green, the Bailiffs of the said Borough, who were also guilty of several other illegal Practices, have returned the said Watkins Williams Wynn, as duly elected: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Wm. Northey, Esquire, was presented to Wootton the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner, Basset together with the honourable John St. John, and John E!cft, on* Cross, Esquires, stood Candidates at the last Election for the Borough of Wootton Baffetl, Com' Wills; and the 22 Petitioner

% Geo. It. 2i6 Januarii. 189-

Petitioner was then duly chifen by a Majority of legal Votes; but by the Partiality of John Hollijier, the Mayor* who admitted divers to vote, who had no Right, and refusing others that had a Right, and doling the Poll* and by Bribery* and other indirect Practices, of Mr. Cross, he was declared duly elected $ whereby the Petitioner is deprived of his Seat in Parliament: And praying such Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the^ouse.

Radnor A Petition of the Burgesses of the Boroughs of Radnor,

Election. Rhayder, Knighton, Knucless, and Kevencleece, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that, by the last Resoluti.on in Parliament, the Right of Election of Burgesses, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Radnor, is in the Burgesses of Radnor, Rhayder, Knighton, Knucless, and Kevencleece: That at the last Election of Members to Parliament for the Borough of Radnor, John Verney, and Thomas Lewis, Esquires, flood Candidates; and Herbert Lewis, Esquire, Brother-in-Law to the said Thomas Lewis, was Bailiff, and the returning Officer; who, several times before the Election, declared, that he would return his said Brother, right or wrong; and, in order thereto, he did, a short time before the Election, make above Two hundred new Burgesses in an illegal Manner, contrary to the Directions of the Charter, and without summoning the capital Burgesses, without whom the Bailiff can do no corporate Act: That such new Burgesses were engaged to vote for the said Thomas Lewis, and such as would not promise, were for that reason not admitted to be lwore, but were menaced in a very opprobrious Manner; and finding that such new-made Burgesses were not sufficient to gain a Majority, several more were made but Three Days before the Election and the Bailiff admitted all the new Burgesses to poll for his Brother, though they were objected to, as being definitive to the Privileges of the legal Burgesses: That, by Custom immemorial, no Person can be made a Burgess of Rhayder, though presented by a Jury, if objected to by any Two Burgesses; yet the Bailiff admitted above a Hundred to poll for his Brother, upon Pretence of their being presented by the Leet about Seven Years ago, though at that time they were all objected to by several Burgesses, and have never since been permitted to enjoy any Privileges, as Burgesses j he also permitted to poll for his Brother several who received Alms; and by Menaces intimidated divers from voting for Mr. Verney, who declared, they otherwise would have done; and, though the said Thomas Lewis had not, at the time of Election, a sufficient Estate to qualify him to be elected, and both he, and his Brother, had Offices in the Custom-house, and the said Bailiff ought not therefore to intermeddle in the said Election, all which was objected by the Burgesses, yet the said Bailiff hath returned his Brother, although Mr. Verney had the Majority of legal Votes: And praying such Relief, as the House shall think meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ditto. A Petition of John Verney, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that at the last Election of a Burgess, to serve in this Parliament for the Borough of New Radnor, Com' Radnor, the Petitioner, and Thomas Lewis, Esquire, flood Candidates ;and the Petitioner had a great Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned; but the said Thomas Leibis prevailed on his Brother-in-law, Herbert Lewis, Esquire, who was then Bailiff, and returning Officer, to make a great Number of new Burgesses, some short time before the Election, that had no Right, and, without any Authority for so doing, engaging them to vote for his said Brother at the same time, and refusing to enter such as would not engage to vote for his Brother; by which, and many other undue

Vol. 21.

Practices, the said Mr. Thomas Lewis procured a colourable Majority: That Mr. Thomas Lewis at the time of -Election enjoyed an Office in the Customs, or *twas held in Trust for him, for his Benefit, and therefore was incapable to fit in Parliament; yet his Brother hath returned him, as duly elected: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and give such Relief, as shall be thought meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of John Sinclare, Esquire, was presented td Grithnefii the House, and read; setting forth, that the 31st Day of h eC lon* August, being appointed for electing a Knight of the Shire, to serve in this present Parliament for Caithness,

Patrick Dunbar, and the Petitioner, flood Candidates:

That the Earl of Broadalbine, being Sheriff of the said Shire, was prevailed upon to absent himself from the said Election, and then John Sinclair, having a Prejudice to the Petitioner, and declared, that he would not return him at any rate, claimed toact as Sheriff, and returning Officer, in virtue of a latent Conveyance from the said Earl of Broadalbine, never legally perfected; and, as such, did refuse to produce the Sheriff Court Books, with the Minutes of former Elections, and Rolls of the Freeholders, who used to vote; but Patrick Dunbar, in Combination with John Sinclair, pulled out of his Pocket a Roll, made -up without any Authority, in which several Persons were inserted, that never voted at any Election, and others, that had voted, were left out; which Roll the said John Sinclair did impose upon the Freeholders: That, by Act of Parliament, the Sheriff Clerk, in absence of the Member last elected, is appointed to ask the Voters, who shall be Prefes, and who shall be Clerk; and that James Campbell, the principal Sheriff Clerk, being absent, John

Dunett did appear with a Deputation from him, and offered to act; yet the said John Sinclair took upon him to name Hugh Monro to ask the said Votes, although the Freeholders are entitled to choose their own Clerk, which Clerk is the returning Officer, and the Majority of the Freeholders did elect Benjamin Doul to be Clerk to the Meeting: That the said John Sinclair, Patrick Dunbar, and other Two, who concurred with them, separated from the rest, and, pretending to elect by themselves, made use of the said Hugh Monro, as Clerk; and though the Petitioner was duly elected by a Majority of Nine to Four, of which Four the said John Sinclair and Patrick Dunbar made Two, yet the said John Sinclair and Hugh Monro have returned the said Patrick Dunbar as duly elected, in Prejudice of the Petitioner; and several other illegal Practices were used by the said pretended Sheriff, to accomplish his Design: And praying Redress of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Thomas Lloyd, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner, e ion# and Hugh Williams, Esquire, flood Candidates at the late Election of a Knight of the Shire for the County of Anglesea: That many were admitted to vote at the said Election for Mr. Williams, who had no Right to vote, and several others, who had a Right to vote, and offered to poll for the Petitioner, were rejected; by which undue Means, and the Partiality of Henry Morgan, Esquire, the High Sheriff, in holding a Court, and taking a Poll for Mr. Williams, after the County Court had been discontinued, and in tearing and defacing the Poll Book, as also by other illegal Practices, Mr. Williams has procured himself to be returned a Representative for the said County, though the Petitioner was duly elected by a Majority of good Votes, and ought to have been returned:

Apd praying Relief in the Premises.

3 B Ordered,

rpo*

Jmm

A. 1:7x8.

I'lfrd'efhd,^f&ff?6ii^beTeferred to the Con-B^atSorfoFriie CoTiiriiittee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the feaie, with their Oprnioil thereupon, to the House.

Chiiftefrorch A- Petition' of Jacob Banks, and Edward Hooper, Eictflton. jupiof* Esquires, was presented to the House, and read; fetring forth, that at the lad Election of Members, to serve in -Parliament* for the Borough of Christ-chutch $2yynthsm, Cm\ Somerset, the Petitioners, with Joseph Hinpwan, and Charles Withers, Esquires, flood Candidates; and the Petitioner? had a Majority, of legal Votes; but Mr. Hinxman, and Mr. Withers, by corrupt and illegal Pra&jces, prevailed withMatthew briber, who prefrded at th^\ laid Election, to make an unjust Return of themselves;\ to tlip Prejudice of the Petitioners: And pra)HQg.the House to take the Merits of this Ejection and Return iilto CoDsideration,' and give such Relief as Avail be just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committeeof Privileges and Elections;

and that they' do examine the Matter thereof and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

OrfordWtise LWV. Speaker acquainted the House, that he Had received a* Letter from Arthur Jenney, Esquire, desiring hrm to signify to the House, that he had no Intention to renew his Petirietrfor the Borough of Orford.

Whereupon d'e honourable Price Devereux, Esquire, being choleri a Knight of the Shire for the County of Montgomery, and also a Burgess for the Borough of Gtfotd\ in the County of Suffolk, made his Election to serve for the said County of Montgomery.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue b:s Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the dating a Burgefe-tcr serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Orford, in the room of the said Mr. Devereux.

Dr. Ordered, That the Reverend Doctor Edward Toung be

10 at defiled to preach before this House at St. Margaret's,

Westminster, on the Thirtieth Day of this instant January;

and that Mr. Doddington, Mr. Cary, and Mr. Gibson, do acquaint him therewith;

Crorrartic Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the.electing a Commissioner, to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Cromartie, in the room of Sir Kennel Mackenzie, deceased.

fcfinrlirad A Petition of Sir William Codrington, Baronet, was

Eicdion. presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner, Alexander Lutterell, and Francis Whitworth, EiquirCs, stood Candidates to serve in this present Parliament f6r the Borough of Minehead, Com' Somerset; and upon Monday, the 14th of August, 1727, John Jones £nd Henry Blake, the Two Contlables, and returning Officers for the said Borough, received the Precept from the Sheriff of thfc laid County, for the electing, and returning, Members.for the said Borough: That about Six o'Clock, in the Evening of the same Day, the , Constables duly made Proclamation in the Market-place, ht the Presence of the Candidates, that they would proceed to the Election on the next Saturday following; but whilst they were making a second Proclamation, the Precept and Proclamation were forcibly taken from ^he Constable Jones, and given to the other Constable Blake, who without the Consent of the Petitioners, or the said ']bhe;s, adjourned to another Place, and declared the E'eftion to be on Thursday then next, which was not Trree D.ys Notice, although, by Act of Parliament, Four Days Notice at the lead is express, directed to be feiven: That Blake proceeded to the Election on the said fhtirfday, thugh the said Jones, and the Petitioner Sir William, publickly forbid, and protested against the feme; and no Voters then appeared for the Petitioners: That Jones proceeded to the Efeftion on the said Saturday, when the Petitioner was duly dfeftetL; of whom the said

Jones made a due Return to the Sheriff; which he refused' to receive; but accepted the Return made by Blake* affixed to the Precept so forcibly gotten,- as aforesaid, of Mr. Lutterell and Mr; Whitworth, as duly elected; and -hath returned them* in wrong to the Peritioner, who ought* to halve been returned; and marry other undue and illegal Practices Were used in behalf of Mr. Lutterell and Mr. Wbhworth: And praying the Justice and Relief ofitbe House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confide rat ion of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and-that they do examine the Matter thereof* and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Resolved, That an humble'Address be presented to his Chaplain. Majesty, that he will be graitiously plea'ed' toconler feme *'

Dignity in the Church upon the Reverend Doctor Scaxven Kendrick', Chaplain to this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented td his ‘

Majesty by such Member^ of this' House as are of his Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

Sir George Oxenden reported from the Committee oa

appointed Yesterday- to draw up an Add ref-, to be -the King'* presented to his Majesty; that the Committee had drawn ^cc up an Address accordingly, which they had direted him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's-Table; where the same was read, and is as follows; viz.

Most gracious Sovereign,

We your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliarp-nt assembled, beg Leave humbly to return our frncere and unfeigned Thanks for your Majesty's most gracious Speech from the Throne.

We congratulate your Majesty upon the safe Arrival of Iris Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, so much to the1 Joy and Sxtisfadion of your Majesty and all your People.

We are not insensible of the various and extensive Views, which mud naturally arise in settling and reconciling the different Intered and Pretensions of so many different Powers, Parties to the Treaties of Hanover and Vienna; and wc acknowledge, with the utmod Gratitude, your Majesty's great Wisdom and Prudence, in avoiding, as far as was possible, all Occasions of Difficulties and Delays, by concerting the most expeditious Methods of concluding with Honour and Justice the Negociarions depending at Soiffbns.

We have the Happiness to fee your Majesty indefatigable in the Pursuits of the Interests of your People, accommodating and composing the Publick Differences, declining the Temptation of military Glory, and chusing rather to secure to yotir Subjects their just Rights and Possessions by the milder Arts of Moderation and Forbearance, than to plunge the Nation unnecessarily into infinite and unknown Expences.

But your faithful Commons are so fully convinced that your own Honour, and the Honour of your Kingdoms, are Confident ions so dear to your Majesty, and so infc-parable from your royal Mind, that we can, with the greatest Confidence imaginable, intirely rely upon your Majesty's undoubted Valour and Resolution, to do vourself and the Nation Justice, whenever a proper Occasion calls upon you for it; and we cannot in the lead Doubt, from your Majesty's constant and dye Regard to the Rights, Privileges, and Interests of your People, but that your princely Care will equally extend itself to the securing our Commerce, and obtaining a just Satisfaction for the many and great Losses sustained by your Subjects.

The mutual Harmony and Fidelity fofirmly established and subsisting between your Majesty and your Allies, cannot fail to create in your Commons the higbeft Satisfaction; and it is with Pleasure we observe, that all Endeavours and Attempts to separate and dtffolve thb happy Unton, of such Consequence to your Kingdoitis,

and

2 Geo. II.

and so essential to the preservingjhe Peace and Tranquillity of Europe, haveproved vain and unsuccessful.

We beg Leave to allure your Majesty,. that we will, with the greateftChearfulness, raise the Supplies necessary for answering and defraying the Charges and Expences of the ensuing Year, and will not salt to make the proper Disposition of the growing Produce of the Sinking Fund; and if, after all your Majesty's unwearied Endeavours to procure a l'afe and honourable Peace, a Rupture should become unavoidable, your Majesty may depend upon the Zeal and Affection of this House effectually to i'upport your Majesty in carrying on a just and necessary War, and enable you to with Vigour, in Conjunction with your Allies, as future Events, and the Circumstances of publick Affairs, may require.

And; as nothing can be more injurious to your Majesty's Honour, and the Interest and Reputation, or your People, than the vile and detestable Practices of those who, by giving Hopes of Discontents, Divisions, and Difficulties, anting here at home, encourage the dilatory Proceedings, that have hitherto retarded the Conclusion of this important Transaction, we look with the utmost Abhorrence upon the Authors and Contrivers of such base and unnatural Artifices, who iuggeft the Means of distressing their Country, and clamour at the Inconveniences, which they themselves have occasioned. This makes it highly incumbent upon us to give your Majesty the most unfeigned Assurance, that this House will, by an unshaken Duty and AffeClion to your Majesty, and by a steady Perseverance in Support of your Government, convince the World, that no false and groundlefe Insinuations, no wicked Designsand Intrigues, whatsoever, shall be able to alter, or diminish, that Harmony, and good Understanding, between your Majesty and yopr Parliament, which our Inclination, xDuty, and Interest, call upon us inviolably to preserve.

The said Address being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by inserting the Word " trading" between the Word "your" and the Word " Subjects," in the last Line of the fifth Paragraph.

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Refolded, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Address, so amended; which is as follows; viz.

Most gracious Sovereign,

We, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, beg Leave humbly to return our sincere and unfeigned Thanks for your Majesty's most gracious Speech from the Throne.

We congratulate your Majesty upon the safe Arrival of his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, so much to the Joy and Satisfaction of your Majesty, and all your People.

We are not insensible of the various and extensive Views, which mud naturally arise in settling and reconciling the different interests and Pretentions of so many different Powers, Parties to the Treaties of Hanover and Vienna; and we acknowledge, with the utmost Gratitude, your Majesty's great Wisdom and Prudence* in avoiding, as far as was possible, all Occasions of Difficulties and Delays-, by concerting the most expeditious Methods of concluding with Honour and Justice the Negotiations depending at Soijfons.

We have the Happiness to fee your Majesty indefatigable in the Pursuits -of the interests of your People, accommodating and competing the publick Differences, declining the Temptation of military Glory, and chusing rather to secure to your Subjects their just Rights and Possessions by the milder Arts of Moderation and Forbearance, than to plunge the Nation unnecessarily ipto infinite and unknown Expences.

But your faithful Commons are so folly con viriced; that your own Honour*, and the Honour of your Kingdoms, Vol. 91.

are Considerations (b de, ar to your Majesty, and so AdJrcison inseparable from your royal Mind, that we cap, with the the King'* greatest Confidence imaginable, intirety rely upon your Speefcb: Majesty's undoubted Valour and Resolution, to do yourself and the Nation Justice, whenever a,' proper Occasion calls upon ypu for it; and vyc cannot in tfye % least doubt, from your Majesty's coo (Iant and due Regard to the lights, Privileges, and interests of your People,) but that your princely Care will equally, extend itself to the securing our Commerce, and obtaining a ju(t Satisfaction for the many and gjeat Losses iuftained by your trading Subjects.

The mUt uai Harmony and Fidelity, jo firmly established and fub/ifting between your Majesty. and your Allies* cannot fail to create in your Commons the highest Satisfaction; and it is vyirh Pleasure we observe, tha,t all. Endeavours and Attempts to separa, te apd diflplve this happy Union, of such QoDsequence to your Kingdoms, and so essential to't he prefer v i ng t he Peace and Tranquillity, of Europe, have proved vain and unsuccessful.

We beg Leave to assure your Majesty, that we will, with the greatest Chearfulners, raise the Supplies necessary for answering and defraying the Charges and Expences of the ensuing Year, and will not fail to make the proper Disposition of the growing Produce of the Sinking Fund and if, after all your Majesty's unwearied Endeavours to, procure a safe and honourable Peace, a Rupture should, become unavoidable, your Majesty may depend upon the Zeal and Affection of this House effectually to support your Majesty in carrying on a just and necessary War, and enable you to act with Vigour, in Conjunction with your Allies, as future Events, and the Circumstances of publick Affairs, may require.

And, as nothing can be more injurious to your Majesty's Honour, and the Interest and Reputation of your People, than the vile and detestable Practices of those, who, by giving Hopes of Discontents, Divisions, and Difficulties, arising here at home, encourage the dilatory Proceedings, that have hitherto retarded the Conclusion of this important Transaction, we look with the utmost Abhorrence upon the Authors and Contrivers of such base and unnatural Artifices, who suggest the Means of distressing their Country, and clamour at the Inconveniencies which they themselves have occasioned.

This makes it highly incumbent upon us to give your Majesty the most unfeigned Assurance, that this House will, by an unshaken Duty and Affection to your Majesty, and by a steady Perseverance in Support of your Government, convince the World, that no false and groundlefslnfinuations, no wicked Designsand Intrigues, whatsoever, shall be able to alter, or diminish, that Harmony, and good Understanding, between your Majesty and your Parliament, which our Inclination,

Duty, and Interest, call upon us inviolably to preserve.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House, as are of his Majesty's most honourable Privy Council; do humbly know his Majesty's Pleasure, when he will be attended by this House.

Resolved, That this House will. To morrow Morning; take into Consideration his Majesty's most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock,

% % 6 fanmrii.

King appoints to t?e attended

Answer to Address.

Brotherson's

Nat.

Great

Marlow

Election.

Ay le (bury Election.

King's

Speech

considered.

Supply.

192

2 3 2 4° Januariu A. 1728

Jovis, 23" die jariuarii; , 24.* die Januarti i

Anno 20 Georgii IIdl Regis, 1728. Prayers.

THE Lord Finch reported to the House, that his Majesty having been waited upon, pursuant to the Order of Yesterday, humbly to know, when he would please to be attended by this House; his Majesty had been pJeased to appoint this Afternoon, at Two of thb Clock, at his Palace of St. James.

The Lord Finch also reported to the House, that their Address of Yesterday, That his Majesty would be graciously pleased to confer some Dignity in the Church upon the Reverend Doctor Scawen Kendrick, Chaplain to this House, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty was pleased to say, He will bestow some Dignity in the Church upon the Chaplain to this House* as desired.

A Petition of Peter Frere Brotherson was prefeitted to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner is a Protestant, but born out of his Majesty's Allegiance: and has given good Proof of his Loyalty, and the Good of this Kingdom: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Vincent and Mr* Scawen do prepare* and' bring in, the fame.

Anno 2* Georgii 2di Regis, 1728. Prayers.

NOTICE being taken in the House, that the Petition of Sir John Lambert, Baronet, presented to the House on Wednesday last, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Westbury, in the County of Wilts, is a Petition of the last Section, renewed* as well in the Name of Anthony Cornish, Esquire, as in the Name of the said Sir John Lambert, agreeable to the former Petition, but is signed by Sir John Lambert only; and that Mr. Cornish died, before the said renewed Petition was exhibited;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, that they do proceed only upon so much of the said Petition* as relates to the said Sir John Lambert.

Mr. Speaker reported, that the House attended his, Majesty Yesterday with their Address; to which his Majesty was pleased to give this raoft gracious Answer 5 viz.

Gentlemen,

I thank you for this very dutiful and affectionate Address, and for the Assurances you have given me, of your Concurrence and Support in my present Engagements. You may depend upon it that the Honour and Interest of my People shall be my principal Care and Concern in all Events.

Westbury E legion.

Answer fd Address oil Speech:

A Petition of Sir John Guise, Baronet* was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that at the late Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Great Marlow, Com Bucks, the Petitioner* Edmund Waller, and John Clavering, Esquires, flood Candidates: That the Petitioner had a Majority of legal Votes; but Mr. Clavering, by himself and Agents, by publick Bribery hath procured himself to be returned, in manifest Wrong to the Petitioner, who was duly elected, and ought to have been returned: And praying the Justice of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of John Guise, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that at the last Election of Burgesses, to serve in this Parliament for the Borough of Aylesbury, Com* Bucks, the honourable Sir Wm. Stanhope, the Petitioner, and Philip Lloyd, Esquire, flood Candidates 5 ..... would have had a Majority of legal Votes, and should have been returned; but that Mr. Lloyd, by Bribery, and other undue Practices, procured himself to be returned, though not duly chosen, nor qualified to fit in Parliament, by the Laws of the Realm: And praying the Consideration of the House, and Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof,* and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

The House ^according to Order) proceeded to take into Consideration his Majesty's most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament.

And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker.

And a Motion being made. That a Supply be granted to his Majesty;

Refolded, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

A

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Refolded, nemine c6ntradicenteyT\\at an humble Address Address on be presented to his Majesty, to return the most humble Answer. Thanks of this House to his Majesty, for his most gracious Answer to their Address.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

Mr. Vincent presented to the House (according to Brotherson's Order) a Bill to naturalize Peter Frere Brotherson; and ^at* the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Lord Hartington reported to the House, that his Prince of Royal Highness the Prince of Wales had been attended Wale;> with their Message; and that his Royal Highness was pleased to return the following Answer:

Gentlemen,

I return my Thanks to the House of Commons for this very obliging Message. I esteem their kind Notice of me as a fresh Mark of that Zeal and Affection, which they have upon all Occasions shewn for his Majesty, and his Family.

A Petition of John Blackwood, Esquire, was presented Dumbarton, to the House, and read; setting forth, that, in order to Ac. Election, the late Electiop of a Burgess, to serve in Parliament for the District of the Burghs of Dumbarton, Glasgow,

Renfrew, and Rutherglen, James Pedie was elected Commissioner for Glasgow, Colen Campbell for Renfrew, Da vid Pinkerton for Rutherglen, and there was a double Election for Dumbarton, of David Colquhon and George Smaller:

That the said Election was on the 9th Day of September,

1727; and the Commissioners from Glasgow, Rutherglen, and David Colquhon from Dumbarton, appeared at the Town-house of Dumbarton, which was the proper Place of Election, and demanded Admittance; but the said George Smallet having, the Night before, placed a Guard of armed Men in the Town-house, and having another Guard of the Town Officers, and others, along with him, thought fit to poll himself, with a Halbert in his hand, ac thedoor, and takingupon himself to judge who were lawful Delegates, refused to admit any but whom he thought fit, and, in particular, the said David Colquhon, and likewise refused Entrance to David Hutchinson, who appeared with a Commission) to be Common Clerk to the Town of 22 Dumbarton

2 GjEO. II. 440 — 25^ — 27° Januarii. 193

Supply.

Dumbarton; whereupon the Commissioners for Glasgow and Rutherglen insisted, that every Person, pretending to have a Commission to be Delegate* or Common Clerk, should be admitted, that their Right might be determined; which the said Smallett absolutely refused, saying, himself was the legal Delegate for Dumbarton, without so much as shewing any Commission for that Purpose: Against which Proceedings the Commissioners for Glasgow, Rutherglen, and the said David Co/quhon, protested, and declared, they came there to have given their Votes for the Petitioner; and giving publick Notice to all then present, withdrew to the nearest convenient House, and chose the Petitioner, and made use of the said David Hutchinson as Clerk to the Meeting; and the Commissioner from Renfrew refused to concur with Smallett, as apprehending his Proceedings to be arbitrary; but the said George Smallett alone has taken upon him to name Daniel Campbell, Esquire, to be Member for the said DistridV, and James Duncanfotiy as Common Clerk of Dumbarton, hath returned him, as duly eiedleJ, in Prejudice of the Petitioner: And praying the Relief of the House in the Premises.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas,^r

TMr. Tifnell:

Tellers for the Noe,

5(Mr. Plumptre:

66.

110.

So rt: passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion, made Yesterday, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That his Majesty's most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Dimer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Dimer reported from ther Committee, that they had come t<? a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as followed]; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Supply be granted to his Majesty;

The said Resolution being read a Second time 5

Resolved, nemine cc-ntradiceute, That the House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Ordinary of the Navy.md Navy, for the Year 1729, with the Half-pay of the Arn.y.Efc Officers of the Navy and Marines, be hid before this uc*

House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge for Guards,

Garrisons, and Land Forces, for the Year 1729, be laid before this House*

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service; for the Year 1729, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That a List of the Regimental and Warrant Officers, that are to be in Half-pay for the Year 1729, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account of the Services incurred, and not provided for by Parliament, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate be laid before this House, of the Charge of the Out-pensioners of Chelsea Hospitalj for the Year 1729.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, how the Money, given for the Service of the Year 1728, hath been disposed of, distinguished under the feveiai Heads.

Ordered, That a State of the Debt of his Majesty's Navy, as it flood at Cliriftmas last, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, shewing the Money, arisen within the respective Half-years, ending at Lady-day and Michaelmas last past, as well of or for the Excel's or Surplus of the Fund, commonly called the Aggregate Fund, as ofor for the Excels or Surplus of the Fund, commonly called the South Sea Fund, as also of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund, commonly called the General Fund.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers, to lay before this House the said Estimates, Lift, State, and Accounts.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Supply. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And* then the Hohfe adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

'SaMatiy 2 50 januarii;

Anna 2* Georgii HJi Regis, 17 28.

Prayers.

T«W QRDEREDy That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant nt* to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ,

for the electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Tregojiey, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of Dicmas Smithy Esquire, deceased.

Supply. Sir Charles Dimer (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Motion, for a Supply to be granted to his Majesty, that they had come to a Refo-Jution, which they had directed him to report to the Vox. 2L

Lurt/z,. 2 7° cLe Januarii;

Anno 2* Georgii Regis, 1728.

Prayers.

JMESOLVEDy That this House will receive no Petitions, private for private Bill*, after the First Day of March next. Bills.

The Lord Finch reported to the House, that their Answer to Address, of Friday last, to return his Majesty the Thanks of Address. this House for his most gracious Answer to their Address, had been presented to his Majesty; Ind that his Majesty was pleased to receive the said Address very graciously.

The Lord Finch also reported to the House, that their , Ditto, Address, of Saturday last, That his Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers, that the feveiai Estimates, Lift, State, and 3 C Accounts,

Estimate of Guards, Gar* rifons, &c.

I94

270 Januariu

A. 1728.

Accounts, therein mentioned, migh. be laid before this House, had been presented to his Majesty 5 and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he will give Directions to the proper Officers, for laying the same before this House.

Sir Charles Wills presented to the House, pursuant to Ordnance their Address to his Majesty, Estimate of the Charge of Estima:c* the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1729.

And the Title thereof was read.

The said Estimate is as follows; viz.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Office of ORDNANCE, for the Year 1729.

LAND SERVICE.

Ordinary of the Office, comprising Repairs of Store-houses. Barracks, Platforms, Carriages, Stores for Garrisons, Rents, Salaries, and other incident Charges -Establishments at Mahon, Gibraltar, Annapolis, Placentia, and North Britain Half-pay of the Officers, that have served well in the Trains of Artillery in Flanders, Spain, and on several Expeditions ——

£. s. d.

3M35 7 6

9,962 3 9

884 15

EXTRA ORDINARIES.

Towards carrying on the Fortifications. Repairs of Storehouses, and Mag; zines.

ions, / 1

aga-VaU

Mahon Gibraltar -Annapolis -j CPlacentia -

10.000 — —

12.000 ——

700 ——

300 ——

One hundred Tons of Salt-petre - - f -

Towards building, and repairing, the Gun-wharf at Chatham, which will intirely finish the same For completing the Payments of the Gun-wharf at Plymouth, now intirely finished -

1,213 — 6 3,332 14 6f

E X C E E DIN G S, for which no Allowance hath been made by Parliament.

'Delivered to the rft and 4th Troops of Horse Guards, per his Majesty's Warrants, 20th May, and 5th July, 1728 For Arms,/To Six Regiments, that were at Gibraltar, in lieu of their Arms, spoiled, and rendered unserviceable, during the Siege, per King's Warrants, dated 5th July, and 21st August,

1728....

Expended at Gibraltar in repairing and improving the: Works, damaged during the Siege, over and above the Money allowed last Year by Parliament, as per King's Warrant, dated ift November 1728 Stores lent for the Security and Defence of the Bahama Islands, pursuant to the King's Order in Council, dated 26th September, 1728 -

£ s. d.

4oo 15 —

318 ——

- 4,000 ——

- 3,80a 7

49,682

J. d. 6 3

23,000 ——

4>5°° ——

4.545 *5 — i

81,718

8,521

2|

9°>249 3 6

Cha. Wills, John Armstrong,

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Pelham presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

Estimate of the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and other his Majesty's Land Forces, in Great Britain, for the Year 1729:

Estimate of the Charge of his Majesty's Forces in

Geo. Gregory, White, L. Smelt.

the Plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar, for the Year

An Account of Services incurred, and not provided for by Parliament: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Out-pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1729.

And the Titles of the said Estimates and Account were read.

The said Estimates and Account are as follows; viz.

ESTIMATE

a Geo. II.

2 70 Januarii.

J95

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and other his Majesty's Land Forces, in Great Britain, for the Year 1729.

C2

Dragoons

Foot -

Invalids

Horse (

'First Troop of Guards -Second ditto -Third ditto -

Fourth ditto....

First Troop of Grenadier Guards

Second ditto -Royal Regiment of Guards Lord Cob ham s Regiment Duke of Argyll's -.Lieutenant General Wade9s -

'Royal Regiment of Dragoons -Colonel Campbell's Regiment -Lord Carpenter's -

Earl of Stair's -

Brigadier Kerr's -Lieutenant General Evans's Brigadier ChurchilPs -Major General Honeywood's

First Regiment of Guards Second ditto -Third -

Brigadier Kirk's Regiment Lord Londonderry's -Lord Cadogan's -Lord Ty raw ley's -Major General Grove's Colonel Montagu's -Lieutenant General Whethams Lord AVrr's -

Colonel Harrison's -Earl Deloraine's -Lieutenant General Sabine's

f BrigadierjFVe/^///^'s Regiment of Invalids £ 25 Independent Companies, A7/0

Independenty 6 Independent Companies in North Companies ( Britain -

e* ( Staff Officers -

Stan Officers,! Qarrjfons with Fire and Candle

( Contingencies, upon Account

Numbers.

l8l

l8l

l8i

131

176

*77

337

3*9

214

214

552

552

552

552

552

552

552

552

2,00s

1.288

1.288

857

857

857

857

857

857

857

857

857

857

857

5*5

i,3°°

2,161

4,4i6

14,008

1,815

555

22>9 55

Pay of the Troops, and Regiments, for 365 Days.

£ i. a.

16,546 13 4

16,546 *3 4

16,546 13 4

16,546 13 4

io»743 3 4

10,870 18 4

26,876 3 4

26,054 18 4

17,696 8 4

17,696 8 4

25>653 8 4

2S.653 8 4

25^53 8 4

25.653 8 4

25.653 8 4

25.653 8 4

25.653 8 4

25.653 8 4

51,151 H 2

33,208 18 4

33,263 *3 4

16,622 14 n

16,622 14 2

16,622 14 2

16,823 9 2

16,62 2 14 2

l6,622 H 2

l6,622 H 2

16,622 14 2

16,622 14 2

16,622 14 2

16,622 H 2

9,906 14 2

22,584 7 6

10,877 m 13 7t

35.472 2 8

15,000 — —

L - - - - , if-

TOTAL.

s. d.

176,124 13 4

205,227 6 9

300,674 16

32,491 1

9>u5 J7

3

6

61,349 16 3£

784,983 12 if

While hall, 27 th ‘January, 172-5-

i/. Pelham.

Vol. 21.

estimate

Coogl

196

a 7° Janu

A. 1728*

ESTIM ATE of the Charge of his Majesty's Forces in the Plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar, for the Year 1729,

In the Plantations.

Colonel Lucas's Regiment

Colonel Phillips's -

Four Independent Companies at AVia

One Company at Bermudas

Two Companies at Jamaica

One Company in the Island of Providence -

One Company at Carolina -

Garrisons at Annapolis Royal and Placentia In Minorca.

Colonel Kane's Regiment Colonel Cqfbys -Brigadier Tyrrell's -

Colonel Handajyd's -

Officers of the Garilfon, (Ac. -

In Gibraltar.

Brigadier Claytons Regiment -

I Colonel Anstruther's ——

Colonel Defneys - -

Officers of the Garrison, -

Provisions for Colonel Phillips's Regiment, in Garrison at Annapolis Royal and Placentia, deducing 4 d. per Diem out of the Subsistence of each Non-commission Officer, and private Man, towards that Expence: Remains to be borne by the Government -Provisions for the several Regiments at Gibraltar, about -

Numbers.

435

434

445

57

224 112

n5

565

565

565

565

1,822

615

6i5

6*5

2,260

1,845

Pay of the Regiment*, tdc. for 365 Days.

L d.

9.775 18 4

9,830 13 4

7,141 16 8

j.003 15 —

3*53 — 10

1,821 19 2

3'°7l7 6

12,814 10 10

12,814 10 io

12,814 10 10

12,814 10 10

12,784 a 6

12,784 2 2

12,784 2 6

».558 17 1

20,400 — —

Whitehall, 27th January, 172-]

Total -

7/ Pelham.

TOTAL,

36,298 10 10 2.539 1 8

51.2.58 3 4

6,200 8 9

38,352 7 6

3.749 *2 zi

21,958 17 1

i6o>3S7 i 5i

An ACCOUNT of Services incurred; and not provided for by Parliament.

83,616 3 11*

9,500 — —

4,000 ——

iThe fcvefal Payments to Mr. Missing, the Contractor for supplying £. s. d. Gibraltar with Provisions, upon the monthly Lilts of Men vi&ualled, from the 20th of December, 1725, the Commencement of his new Contract, to the 28th Day of July, 1728, amounts to -

From the 29th of July, 1728,. to the 15th of December, 1728, is Five Months, at 28 Days to the Month, which, computed at £. 1,900. per Month, being the lowed Estimate, according to the present Numbers of Men victualled, amounts to -The Charge for insuring Cargoes of Provisions, for Damages during the Siege, and other incidental Charges, to be borne by the Publick, according to the terms of the Contrail, may amount to about

Total Expences to 15th December, 1728 - - 97»XI^ 3 ll*

Deduct the Amount of the Supplies, granted in ParliamenUor thisService,

from 20th December, 1725, to the 15th of December, 1728 - 86,190 6 10}

Remains unprovided for -

The Difference of Pay between the F.nglish and Irish Establi foments, for the Six Irish Regiments, that served at Gibraltar, Anno 1728 - - 3>59a —

Towards this, there was saved by the transferring of the Regiments of

Lieutenant General Pearce and Colonel Hgerton to the Irish Establishment, in the room of the Two Regiments of Colonel Defney and Colonel Anfirutber, serving at Gibraltar with their Irish Numbers only - - 1,849 x7 7

Remains unprovided for ——

To satisfy his Majesty's Warrants, dated the 17th of April and the aothof December, 1728, for Payment to Luke Gardner, Esquire, for the Charge of victualling, and transporting, Five hundred men from Dublin to Gibraltar, pursuant to Contract, made in Dublin, Anno 1728, and for extraordinary Service of the Transpcrts, during the Time they w£re detained there - .

To satisfy his Majesty's Warrants to Lieutenant General IVade, on account of making Roads, and other Services performed, in North Britain - -

To satisfy the Pay of the Lord Mark Kerr, as Major General, for 183 Days, during which Time he served at the Siege of Gibraltar, at /. 2. 10 s. per Diem, including the Pay of his Aid De Camp for the same Time - 457 10 —

10,925 17

I>742 18 5

4,616 19 2

2,140 ——

Ditto

a Geo. II. 270 — 28° Januarii.

*97

Ditto to Brigadier Newton, as Brigadier-general, from 14th March, 1724, to the 14th of Afay, 172S, during which Time he also was upon Command at Gibraltar, being 428 Days, at 2. per Diem, including the Pay of his Major of Brigade for the same Time.....-

Total -

£ d.

856 ——

£ t. d.

1,41310 —

20>739 4 7

Whitehall, 27th "January, *744*

H. Pelham.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Out-pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1729.

Per Diem. Por 365 Days.

3,003 Out-pensioners, Handing at present upon the Books of the Hospital, at jd. per Diem each j 100 Letter Men, at 12d. per Diem each - - - - 50 Serjeants, at gd. per Diem each £ s. d. 6lll 3 5 I 17 6 £ s. d. 22,835 6 3 1,825 — — 684 7 6

From which dedud, The Sum of Twelve thousand Five hundred Pounds, which, by Estimation, may be applicable towards defraying this Expence, out of the Poundage of the Forces for the Year 1729 - ----- ----- 69 8 9 a5»344 *3 9 12,500 — —

Remains to be granted, upon Account, for the Out-pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1729 - £. 12,844 15 9 a -r I

Whitehall, 27 th January, 1724.

H. Pelham.

Ordered, That the said Estimates and Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart isy 28° die Januarii;

Anno 2* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1728, Prayers.

DETER Frere Brotherson took the Oaths appointed, in order to his Naturalization.

Tewkfhurv A Petition of Thomas Rede, Esquire, was presented to Election/ the House, and read; setting forth, that Francis, Lord Viscount Gage, and George Rede, Esquire, with the Petitioner, flood Candidates at the Election of Members, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of TewkJ-bury, in the County of Gloucester, and the Petitioner, and George Rede, Esquire, were duly elected by a Majority of legal Voices; but the said Lord Gage, by Bribery and other indirect Practices, hath procured himself to be returned with the said George Rede: And praying the Consideration of the House, and Relief, in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Wigtonn, A Petition of the Magistrates, Town-council, and &c.Election. Clerk, of Wigtoun, was presented to the House, and read;

setting forth, that at the late Election of a Burgess, to serve in Parliament for the District of Wigtoun, Wit home. New Galloway, and Siranr aver, John Dalrymple, Esquire, pretended to be elected at Stranraver, though, by the Statute, the Eiedtion ought to have been at Wigtoun, and the Return made by the Common Clerk thereof; to the manifest Prejudice of the Petitioners, and the total Subversion of the Rights of Eiedtion in Scotland: And praying the Confederation of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee of Privileges and EJedions; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House. Vo l. 21,

A Petition of Sir Wm. Pole, Baroiiet, was presented to Honiton the House, and read; setting forth, that at the laftEleftion Eleaion. of Members, to serve in this Parliament for the Borough of Honiton, Com* Devon, Sir Wm. Yonge, Knight, James Shepheard, Serjeant at Law, and the Petitioner, were Candidates: That Mr. Serjeant Shepheard\ and his Agents, by Bribery, and other indirect Practices, procured several Votes, and prevailed on the Portreve to allow him several Votes, who had no Right, and to disallow several Voters for the Petitioner, who had a Right to vote; and yet the Petitioner had a Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned; but the Portreve hath returned Serjeant Shepheardy in Prejudice to the Petitioner: And praying the Justice of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Cardigan Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Writ, eleding a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Cardigan, in the County of Cardigan, in the room of Francis Cornwallis, Esquire, deceased.

A Bill to naturalize Peter Frere Brotherson, was read a Brotherson's Second time. Nat«

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Vincent,

Su James Campbell^ Mr. Wither, Sir Edward Knatchbull,

Sir John Schaw, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Scawen, Mr. Vernon, Sir Wm. 7onge, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Torke, Mr. Huxley,

Mr. Bramston, Mr. Pacey, General Sabin, Mr. Hinxman,

Mr. Morgan, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Lewen, Sir Wm. St.

Quint in Colonel Read, Sir Gilbert Heathcote, Mr. Heath-cote, Mr. Bynge, Mr. Lewis, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Mr.

Croffi, Mr. Ashe, Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Monroe, Mr. Phillips,

Colonel Onslow, Mr. Henley, Colonel Handafyde, Mr.

Cornwall, Mr. Tozvers, Mr. Williams, Mr. Duncombe,

Lord Wm. Pozvlet: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of Peter Lapierre, John Stephen Benezet, tapierre's, Stephen Teiffter, and Godfrey S hr eve, was presented to the &c- Nat. House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners are Protestants, but born out of his Majesty's Allegiance; and have given good Proof of their Loyalty, and the Good 3D of

198 28° Januarii. 1728.

of this kingdom: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for their Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Pacey and Me. Cornewall do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Interest on Or fetid. That the proper Officers do lay before this

Navy Bills, House, an Account, shewing, what Interest Money has &c* been paid for Navy and Victualling Bills, from the 25th of December, 1721, to the 25th of December, 1728.

Navy Mr. Cockburn, from the Commissioners for executing Estimate. Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain,

Navy Office, ESTIMATE of the Debt of his Majesty's Navy, on the Heads hereafter-mentioned,

27 January > 172-5-.) as ftoocj on the j}ecembgf^ 1728.

HEADS of the Naval ESTIMATES. Particulars. TOTAL.

Wear and Tear, ordinary and extraordinary Repairs: Due, to pay off and discharge aLl the Bills, entered on the Course ? £ 574,396 — — £ s. d.

of the Navy, for Stores supplied for the Service thereof - J . - For discharging and paying off all the Bills, made out for the L

Premiums on Naval Stores, imported from the Planta- > tions, tsfe. - - - -J For the Freight of Tenders, as also for Stores delivered into"} his Majesty's several Yards, for which no Bills yrere madef out on the aforesaid 31st December, 1728, as also to several f Bills of Exchange - - - -) 984 — — 14,769 > 738,047

' v To his Majesty's Yards, and Rope-yards, for the Ordinary and, ) Extraordinary thereof - - . - -J For Half-pay to Sea Officers, according to an Establishment,} made by his Majesty in Gouncil on that behalf - j - Seamen's Wages: 132,898 — — 15,000 — —

Due, to pay the Men uhpaid on the Books of Ships paid off 68,888 15 — -

To Ships in Sea-pay on the abovesaid3ift December, 1728 -To discharge and pay off all the Bills entered in course, forj Pilotage, Surgeons Necessaries, Bounties to Widows and f 181,479 254,938 15 —

Orphans of Men flain at Sea, on the Head of Seamen's £ Wages ----- --- -J Victualling Debt, as per an Estimate received from those Commissioners: Due, for Short-Allowance to the Companies of his Majesty's Ships ? in Pay, and which have been paid off - - - - J For Bills on their Course, and also Bills of Exchange from " foreign Parts, and for necessary andextra-necessary Money, and Wages to the Officers, Workmen, and Labourers, employed at the several Ports, vfjV. Sick and Hurt; the Debt of that Office, as per an Estimate received from those Commissioners; viz. Due, for the Quarters and Cure of Tick and hurt Seamen, sent aftiore j 4»571 16,480 19 3 490,997 17 3 I 507,478 16 5

from his Majesty's Fleet, and the Contingencies relating to the said Service ----- - -J The Total amounts to the Sum of One million Five hundred 1 > 5,993 2 1 5,993 1 2

and Six thousand Four hundred and Fifty-seven Pounds, j Twelve Shillings, and Seven Pence - - - -J From whence deducing the Money in the Treasurer's Hands' as on the other Side - - - - The net Debt will be One million One hundred Eighty-eight"] thoulaud Nine hundred Fifty-nine Pounds, Sixteen Shillings, and Four Pence Farthing -J > - i -1 ‘ ‘ 1,506,457 12 7 317,497 16 2 iji88,959 16 4 i

presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

The ordinary Estimate of his Majesty's Navy for the Year 1729; and also.

The Estimate of the Debt of his Majesty's Navy, as it flood on the Thirty-first Day of December, 1728.

And the Titles of the said Lftimates were read.

I The Estimate of the Debt of his Majesty's Navy, as it flood on the 31st of December, 1728, is contained in the annexed Sheet of Paper.

Ja. Mighell, Ja. Ackworth, Tho. Pear/e, J. Fawler, Wm. Cleveland.

Geo. Saunders,

Memorandum:

Navy Debt.

n

o

w

o

Memorandum: There was remaining in the late and present Treasurers of the Navy's Hands, on the 31st December, 1728, in Money, and Tallies, asunder-mentioned,

be reckoned towards satisfying the aforesaid Debt of the N avy viz

and may

On the Heads of Remains in the Treasurers Hands unapplied, towards answering the said Debt.

In what TREASURER'* Hands. In MONEY, and TALLIES. ( Wear and Tear, and Ordinary $ Seamen's Wages. 1 Victuals. TOTAL.

£. s. £ . d. £ s. d. £. s. d. £. d.

Richard Hampdeny Esquire In Money - - - 35,691 17 2i 3>701 4 59.393 14 6f

In Money 14,33° 16 7* 137.947 6 5* 12,328 I9 IO 63,794 1 10 '

Honourable Pat tee Byngy Esquire,) In Money, towards the Debt of tick') \ and hurt Seamen - - - J - 702 l6 Ilf - ..... I 258,104 1

In Tallies on the Land Tax, Annol 1728 - - - - -j 29,000 J

14.33016 194,3+2 — 71 16,030 17 2 94.794 1 >o 3*7.497 16 2i

U

OO

o

NO

VO

200

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The ordinary Estimate of his Majesty's Navy, for the Year 1729, is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 290 die Januarii;

Anno 20 Georgii IIdl Regis, 1728.

Prayers.

Brotherson's \ Jt R. Vincent reported from the Committee, to whom Nat. 1VJL the Bill to naturalize Peter Frere Brotherson, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That, the Bill be ingossed.

Pembrook A Petition of Sir Arthur Owen, Baronet, was prefen ted

Election, to the House, and read; setting forth, that at the last Election of a Member, to serve in this Parliament for the County of Pembrook, the Petitioner, and John Campbell, Esquire, flood Candidates, the Day appointed by the High Sheriff, being the 5th of September, 1727,

{ at the Guild-ball of Raverford-west; at which Time and Place the Petitioner had a great Majority of legal Votes, and was by the Sheriff declared to be duly elected; but a Poll being demanded, it was granted, and proceeded in for several Days; all which Time the said Sheriff was wholly influenced by Mr. Campbell, and used all possible Means, by frequent and unnecessary Adjournments, to protract the Poll, and weary out the Petitioner's Voters; and he absolutely refused to swear his Clerks, for taking the Poll impartially; notwithstand-ingwhich Practices, the Poll ended with ^Majority for, the Petitioner, though the Under- flu-riff under pretence of another Poll, carried on by him in a Garret, contrived to be filled with the Friends of Mr. Campbell\ to which the ' Petitioner, nor his Friends, could not come, and without the Consent of the Petitioner, or any Inspection of the fame, declared he had been taking a Poll in another Place, and that Mr. Campbell had the Majority thereby; and the High Sheriff returned Mr. Campbell accordingly, though no other Place of polling was mentioned, when the Poll 1 was demanded by Mr. Campbell, and this Poll, if any, was intended as a Colour, to justify the returning of Mr. CampbeU: And praying the House to take the Fasts into Consideration, not only for the Petitioner's Relief, but to prevent the Violation of all other Elections. 1

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Supply. The or(kr ®* the Day, ft*the House to resolve itself pp y' into a Committee of the whole House, to considerjof the

Supply granted to his Majesty, being read;

Ordered, That the ordinary Estimate of his Majesty's Navy, for the Year 1729, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and other his Majesty's Land Forces, in Great Britain, for the Year 1729, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of his Majesty's Forces in the Plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar, for the Year 1729, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Services incurred and not provided for by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Out-16

28* — °29 — 31° Januarii.

A. 1728.

pensioners of Chelsea Ilofpita!, for the Year 1729, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1729, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Debt of his Majesty's Navy, as it flood on the Thirty-first Day of December, 1728, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles burner took the Chap* of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Cham

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

Sir Charles Turner also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account shewing how the Money given last Session of Parliament for Greenwich Hospital, has been disposed of.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, a State of the yearly Revenue and Expence of Greenwich Hospital, according to the present Establifti-ment.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account of what Duties have been paid at the Custom-house, London, for for ign Spirits, and B anriies, imported from the Port of Dunkirk, from the Twenty-fifth of December, 1721, to the Twenty-fifth of December, 1727, distinguishing the Amount of each Year.

And then the House adjourned till Friday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 310 die Januarii;

Anno 2° Georgii IP1*1 Regis, 1728.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That the Thanks of this House be given to the Reverend Doctor Edward Young, for the Sermon preached by him before this House Yesterday at St. Margaret's, Westminster; and that he be desired to print the fame: And that Mr. Doddington, Mr. Cary, and Mr. Gibjon do acquaint him therewith.

Mr. Pelham presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

Lift of the reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, upon Half-pay in Great Britain, with an Estimate of the Charge thereof, for the Year 1729.

Mr. Pelham also, by his Majesty's Command, presented to the House,

Estimate of the Charge of Two thousand Two hundred and Twenty-four Horse, One thousand Eight hundred and Thirty-six Dragoons, and Eight thousand and Thirty-four Foot, of the Troops of his Highness the Landgrave of Hejfe Cajfel, for the Year 1729.

And the Titles of the said Lift and Estimate were read. The said Lift of the reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, upon Half-pay in Great Britain, with an Estimate of the Charge thereof, for the Year 1729, is bgund up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered,

i

Greenwich

Hospital.

Duties on foreign Spirits.

Dr. Younj thanked.

Half-pay

Otlicers.

Hcfiun

T ruop*.

East India prohibited Goods, Sec,

% Geo:. II. 3 i° Januarii201

' .« \ i

Ordered, That the said Lift be referred to the Com- Eight hundred and Thirty-six Dragoons, and Eight mittee of the whole House, who are to consider further thousand and Thirty-four Foot, of the Troops of his of the Supply granted to his Majesty. Highness the Landgrave of Hejfe Cajfelly for the Year

The said Estimate of the Charge of Two thousand 1729, is as follows $ viz.

Two hundred and Twenty-four Horse, One Thousand

ESTIMATE of the Charge of 2,224 Horse, 1,836 Dragoons, and 8,034 Foot, of the Troops of his Highness the Landgrave of Hejfe Cajfcll, from the 25th of December, 1728, to the 24th of December, 1729, being 365 Days.

HORSE.

The Pay of One Regiment of Horse, of Nine Troops, of 50 Men in a Troop, besides Officers The Pay of Three Regiments more, of the like Numbers -

Total Horse

DRAGOONS.

The Pay of One Regiment of Dragoons, of Ten Troops, of 72 Men in each Troop, besides Officers One Regiment of Dragoons more, of the like Numbers

Total Dragoons

FOOT.

The Pay of One Regiment of Foot Guards, of Ten Companies, of 43 Men in each Company, besides Officers The Pay of One Regiment of Grenadier Guards, of the like Numbers ——

The Pay of One Regiment of Foot, of Ten Companies, of 43 Men in each, besides Officers - , -

The Pay of Ten Regiments of Foot more, of the like Numbers -

Total Foot

- - Horse -

- - Dragoons

Total -

Whitehall, 31st January> 172-J-.

H. Pelham.

Numbers, including Officers. Pay in Holland Money. The same reduced into Sterling, at 10 Guilders, 10 Stivers, to the Pound*

556 ... Gilders, d. 400,456 13 — J £. s. d. 19,072 1 3

i,668 - - - 600,769 19 — 4 57,216 3 9

- - 2,224 801,026 I3 76,288 5 - —

918 236,041 15 — i 22*78 5 3

918 - 236,021 15 22-478 5 3

- - ' 1,836: 472,043 11 — 44,956 10 6

618 110,962 9 — 10,56717 —

618 - - 110,962 9 — . 10,56717 —

618 - - - 94>384 2 — 1 8,98819 3

6,180 - - - 943,841 5 — 89,889 12 6

- 8,034. 1,260,150 5 — i 120,014 5 9

- 2,424 801,026 13 — 76,288 5 —

- 1,836 472,043 n — 44,956 6

- 12,094 2>533>22° 9 — 1 241,259 1.3

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House being informed, that some of the Commissioners of the Customs attended at the Door, they were called in, and, at the Bar, prdented to the House, pursuant to several Acts of Parliament,

An Account of prohibited East India Goods, remaining in Warehouses at St. Hellen\ at Michaelmas, 1727, with what has been brought in since that Time, what exported, as also, what remained at Michaelmas, 1728; and also,

An Account of prohibited East India Goods, remaining in Warehouses at Leaden-hall, at Michaelmas, 1727, with what has been brought in since thar Time, what exported, as also, what remained at Michaelmas, 1728; and also,

An Account of prohibited East India Goods, remaining in his Majesty's Warehouse in the Port of London at Michaelmas, 1727, with what has been brought in since that Time, what exported, as also, what remained at Michaelmas, 1728; and also,

An Account of prohibited East India Goods, remaining in the respectiYe Warehouses in the Out-ports at Michaelmas, 1727, with what has been brought in since that Time, what exported, as also, what remained at Michaelmas, 1728; and also.

An Account of naval Stores, imported from Russia into the Port of London, from Michaelmas, 1727, to Michaelmas, 1728; and also,;

Vol. SI.

An Account of naval Stores, imported from Russia into the Ports, commonly called the Out-ports, ^from Michaelmas, 1727, to Michaelmas, 1728.

And tnen they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital do Greenwich lay before this House, an Account shewing how much Hospital. of -the several Arrears due to the said Hospital on the Thirty-first Day of March last, has been received by him since that Time, and how the same has been employed.

Ordered, That the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital do lay before this House, an Account of the Cash now remaining in his Hands, with an Estimate of the Credit on the Revenue of the said Hospital.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account of what was due on the Thirty-first Day of December last, upon the Establishment of Greenwich Hospital.

An ingrossed Bill to naturalize Peter Frere Brotherson, Brotherson'* was read the Third time. Nat.

Resolveiy That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act to naturalize Peter Frere Brotherfan.

Ordered, That Mr. Vincent do carry t..e Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

3 E

Sir

202 31 ° Januarii. — 3 1728.

Supply- Sir Charles Turner (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions they had directed him to repoit to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Fifteen thousand Men be employed for the Sea Service for the Year 1729, beginning from the First Day of January, 1728.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sutn not exceeding Four Pounds per Man per Month, be allowed, for maintaining the said Fifteen thousand Men for Thirteen Months, including the Ordnance for Sea Service.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding Two hundred and Six thousand and Twenty-five Pounds, Ten Shillings, and Five Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for the Ordinary of the Navy (including Half-pay for Sea Officers) for the Year 1729.

The full of the said Resolutions being read a Second time;

Resolved\ nemine contradicente, That (he House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That Fifteen thousand Men be employed for Sea Service for the Year 1729, beginning from the First Day of January, 1728.

The rest of the said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ways Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning

and Means. nex^ resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Supply. The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr, Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Sir Charles Turner also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 30 Februarii;

Anno 2* Georgii Ildl Regis, 1728.

‘ Prayers,

Wallingford A PET IT IO N of John Tuckwell, William Bradford, Election. Richard Dunn, Edward Bradford, William Gunn, and

James Bonnet, in behalf of themselves, and of several other of the Inhabitants of the Borough of Wallingford, in the County of Berks, having a Right to vote for Burgesses, to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that George Lewen, William Hacks, Isaac Leheup, and Richard Bigg, Esquires, were Candidates at the last Election of Burgesses, to serve in this Parliament for the said Borough: That Mr. Lewen, by most notorious Bribery, and other illegal Practices, by himself, the Mayor, then *7

being Town-clerk, and other Agents, and by using Menaces to many of the Eledors, and by promises of distributing Charities, did procure great Numbers of Votes for him; and many Persons were admitted by the Mayor to vote for him> who had no Right; and by such undue Means the said Mr. Lewen hath procured himself to be returned, as duly elected, although he was altogether a Stranger to the Eledors till a very few Days before the Election: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Richard Bigg, of Bear Court, in the Wallingford County of Berks, Esquire, was presented to the House, Election. and read; setting forth, that at the lad Election of Burgesses, to serve in this Parliament for the Borough of Wallingford, in the said County, George Lewen, William Hacks, Isaac Leheup, Esquires, and the Petitioner, flood Candidates: That it appeared upon the Poll, that Mr.

Lewen had 95 Votes, Mr. Hucks 93, Mr. Leheup 55, and the Petitioner 53; and thereupon Richard Wing, Mayor of the said Borough, has thought fit to return Mr. Lewen and Mr. Hucks, to serve for the said Borough; but Mr.

Hucks, by Bribery, Threats, Promises, and other unjust and illegal Practices, did seduce divers of the Eledors to vote for him, who would otherwise have voted for the Petitioner; and the Petitioner had a Majority of legal Voters, and ought to have been returned: And praying such Relief in the Premises, as shall be agreeable to Justice.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of the Burgesses of the Borough of Newburgh, in the County of Anglesey, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners have a Right to vote for aBurgefs, to serve in Parliament for the Shire Town of the County of Anglesey; and, at the last Election there, Henry Bertie, Watkin Williams Wynne, and William Bodvell, Esquires, flood Candidates; and the Petitioners then were present, and tendered their Votes; but the Mayor and Bailiffs of Beaumaris rejected them, and have illegally returned Mr. Wynn, although Mr.

Bodvell had a Majority of legal Votes; and the Mayor and Bailiffs were guilty of many other undue Practices:

And praying Relief therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of the major Part of the Burgesses of the Ditto. Borough of Beaumaris, in the County of Anglesey, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that all the Burgesses of Beaumaris have a Right to vote for a Burgess, to serve in Parliament for the Shire town of Anglesey:

That at the last Election there, the Candidates were Henry Bertie, Watkin Williams Wynne, and Wm. Bodvell,

Esquires, and the Petitioners tendered their Votes for Mr. Bodvell; but John Rowlands, the Mayor, and Maurice Evans and John Green, the Bailiffs of the Borough of Beaumaris, illegally returned the said Mr. Wynne, though Mr. Bodvell had a Majority of legal Votes; and the said Mayor and Bailiffs were guilty of several other illegal and undue Practices: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Charles Hayes, Esquire, Was presented Agmondeftum to the House, and read; setting forth, that at the late Election, Election of a Member, to serve in Parliament for the

Borough

Peebles

County

Election.

Forfar

County

Election.

2 Geq. II. 3°

203

Borough of Agmondesham, in the County of Bucks, in the room of Montague G errard Drake, Esquire, deceased, the Petitioner, and Marmaduke Allington, Esquire, flood Candidates; and the Petitioner was chosen by a Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned; but William Child and William Haley, Constables and returning Officers of the said Borough, refuted the Votes of several who were duly qualified, and would have voted for the Petitioner, and admitted several to poll for Mr. Allington, who were not qualified, by receiving Alms, and otherwise; and the said Constables have arbitrarily returned Mr. Allington, in Wrong to the Petitioner: And praying Relief in the Preniife*.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Sir James Najmyth, Baronet, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that on the 8th of September, 1727, a Precept issued in the Name of the Earl of March, Sheriff'Principal, for the eleding a Knight, to lerve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Peebles, when the Petitioner, and John Douglas, Esquire, Brother to the said Earl, flood Candidates: That the said Mr. Douglas, and his Brother, being resolved to impole Mr. Douglas on the Electors, did, by Threats, and otherwise, overawe the Eledors, and produced a pretended Roll of Eledors, made up at a packed Meeting, called by the said Sheriff, wherein were contained the Names df divers Persons not qualified to vote, and others, who had a Right of voting, were utterly omitted; which Roll was the only Rule by which the Meeting was constituted; to which the Petitioner, and other Freeholders, protested, for that several of them were left out of it, who had been inrolled, and voted, and also had represented the Shire in Parliament, both before and since the Union; by which illegal and arbitrary Proceedings, Mr. Douglas has gotten a Majority of the pretended EJedors, to colour a Return in his favour; for which Purpose they chose Alexander Williamson, one of their own Number, as Clerk, who hath returned Mr. Douglas, though the Petitioner was duly elected by a Majority oflegai Votes, and ought to have been returned: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and give such Relief therein as shall be thought fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Alexander Duncan, of Lundie, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Laws of Scotland have declared in what Manner the Rolls of the Freeholders of each County should be made up, and that none should have a Vote in the Election, but such as are so inrolled: That at the last Election of a Member, to serve in this Parliament for the County , of Forfar, the Petitioner, and several Freeholders of the said County, insisted, that, if there was any Roll made up according to the said Law, the same should be produced, or, if there was none, they should then proceed to make up and adjust one: That there was no Roll produced, and therefore the Petitioner, and the other Freeholders, proceeded to make up a regular Roll; and the Freeholders, so inrolled, unanimously voted for the Petitioner to be Commissioner to Parliament for the said County, and directed their Clerk to certify the same to the Sheriff accordingly; but James Scot, of Logie, with some others, pretending to be Freeholders, though they had neither been formerly inrolled, nor did then produce any Evidence of their Freeholds, took upon them to constitute a Meeting, and admitted several Persons to vote, as Freeholders, who were not such, and have made a pretended Election of Mr. Scott; and the Sheriff Depute hath returned him, though the Clerk did return Vol. 21.

the Petitioner to the Sheriff, as duly elected, and, as such, he ought to have been returned; in Violation of the Rights of the Freeholders: And praying such Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Solomon Ashley, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner, as also William Bowles and James Pelham, were Candidates at the lafI Election of Members, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Bridport, Com9 Dorset \ and the Petitioner had an undoubted Majority of legal Votes; but Andrew Warren and Samuel Davie, the Bailiffs of the said Borough, rejected several legal Votes fur the Petitioner, and admitted several to vote against him, that had no Right; and have illegally returned the said Mr. Bowles, and Mr. Pelham, instead of the Petitioner: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Robert Swafey, Joseph Curtis, John Way, Hairy Moss, Richard Hall, Lionel Parsons, Samuel Rates, William Bishop, Thomas Hardy, Benjamin Hallett, John Hill, Henry Jacob, Anthony Morris, William Gully, and William Kenway, on behalf of themselves, and many others, that have a Right of voting for eleding Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Bridport, in the County of Dorset, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the ancient and undoubted Right of voting for Members, to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, is in the Bailiffs, Burgesses, and Commonalty, who are Householders, commonly called Pot-wallers; and the Petitioners were duly qualified, as such, to vote at the last Election, and their Names, with many others, were entered on the Poll then taken by An-dreiv Warren and Samuel Davie, the then Bailiffs of the said Borough, without any Objection, nor did any Person offer to vote under any other Right: That Alexander Pitfield, Solomon Ashley, William Bowles, and James Pelham, Esquires, were Candidates, at the last Election; and Mr. Pitfield and Mr. Ashley had a Majority of such legal Votes, as aforesaid: That, on doling the Poll, the said Bailiffs adjourned, without the Consent of Mr. Pit-field and Mr. Ashley, from One to Five o' Clock, declaring the y would then return to the Place of Election, and proceed to a Scrutiny; and accordingly the Bailiffs, with Mr. Bowles and Mr. Pelham, returned, but, without calling, or adjourning, the Assembly, withdrew themselves into another Room, and made sass: the Door, and, having tarried there some time, the said Bailiffs returned, and declared Mr. Bowles and Mr. Pelham to be duly elected: That the Petitioners have since obtained a Copy of the said Poll, and find, that they, with about One hundred more qualified Persons, are rejected, under a Pretence, that the Right of Election, is only in the Inhabitants paying Scotland Lot, contrary to the Right of Election settled by the House, and tending to destroy the fundamental Privileges of the said Borough: And praying such Relief in the Premises ^s shall be thought meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Knox Ward, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner stood as a Candidate at the Election of Members, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Melcombe Regis, in the County of Dorset; and the Petitioner had a Majority of legal Votes; but by the partial Management of John Tucker, the then Mayor, and Thomas

Cooper,

Bridport

Ele&ioo.

Ditto.

Melcombe

Real's

Election

304

3° Februariu 17 38.

Cooper, the Town-clerk of the said Borough, and by Bribery, and other indirect Practices, Sir James 'ThornhiU, Knight, and William Betts} Esquire, have procured themselves to be unduly returned, to the Petitioner's Prejudice; and the Petitioner infills, that Mr. Betts is not qualified to fit in Parliament: And praying the Relief of the House in the Premises

Orderedyihat the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

The House being informed, That Mr. Frecker, from

the Treasury, attended at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, An Account shewing how the Money giving for the Service of the Year 1728, hath been disposed of, distingutlhed under the several Heads, until the Third Day of February, 1728, and the Parts thereof remaining unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereupon.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The laid Account is contained in the annexed Sheet of Paper.

Dispofirioi of Grants.

A

o

r

An A C C O UN T, flawing, how the Money, given for the Service of the Year 172S, hath been disposed of, distinguished under the several Heads, until the 3d Day of February 1728, and the Parts thereof remaining unsatisfied, with the Deficieney thereupon.

O

w

o

rt

u

*1

SERVICES.

For Victuals* Wages, and Wear and Tear, of the Navy, and the victualling thereof, and for Sea Service rn the Office of Ordnance, for 15,000 Men, at £.4. per Man per Month, for 13 Months ——

For the Ordinary of the Navy* and for Half-pay to Sea Officers ——

Towards paying oft' such Part of the Debt of the Navy, as is due upon the Head of Seamens Wages -

For Grceitwich Hospiul, for the better Maintenance of the Seamen there ——

d.

780.000 ——

205,561 14 9

500.000 -

10,000 ——

o o f

§1NF

6 n

For extraordinary Expences in the Office of Ordnance, Anno 1727 -

'For defraying the 'Charge of 22,955 Men, for Guards, Garrisons, and Land Forces, Anno 1728 - For mumfaimng his Majesty's Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar, Anno 1728 Upon Account of Out-penfipners of CheJ/ea Hospital ——

For defraying several extraordinary Expences and Services incurred, and not provided for by Parliament

117,442 14 3 i

80,261 9 3

Upon Account of Half-pay to reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, Anno 1728 For defraying the Expence of 12,000 ITcJians, taken into his Majesty's Pay for the Service of the Year 1

For one Year's Subsidy to the King of Sweden For one Year's Subsidy to the Duke of Brunswick Lunenburgh IVolfenbottle

728

786,974 2 9 158,009 10 11 10,847 15 — 50,428 16 io£

58.000 ——

230,923 11

50.000 — —

15.000 — —

» L

To make good the Deficiency of the Grants, Anno 1727 ——

To make good the Deficiency of the Malt Duty, Anno 1726 ——

To make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax, Anno 1726 ——

To make good the Deficiency of the General Fund at Michaelmas, 1727 -

For discharging Principal on the Register for the Duties on Coals ——

For building of Churches, to complete £.360,000. ——

To redeem the Annuity of £. 17,384. 4 s. payable to the South Sea Company for Lottery Tickets, Anno 1719, subscribed into their Stock - -

To cancel and discharge Exchequer Bills, made forth, and charged on the Surplus of the Coal Duty -

To perfect and fulfil the Obligations his Majesty is under on account of Engagements, entered into, and concerted, for securing the Trade and Navigation of this Kingdom, and for restori 11 g and prefer?ing the Peace of Europe - - - - . ' -

Sums granted. Sutos paid. Remains to be paid.

£. d. £. 1. d. £. *. d.

1.495.561 14 9 1*485*561 14 9 10,0cm

197.7H 3- 6j 103,874 11 ,o| 93,829 ir 8

- 1.370.183 17 279.360 1 138,708 a 5 86,153 4 ij 33.611 5 4! 85.520 98,740 434.605 — — 338,800 — - 1*355*589 1 11 279*360 1 1$ 138.708 2 5 86,153 2 if 33.6ii 5 4! 85.520 98,740 — _ 434,605 338,800 — — 14*594 15 3J

60,000 ~ 60,000 — —

The Grants, towards Applying the said Services:

C ' d.

750.000 ——

1,500,000 ——

1,750,00O — —

15*757 >5 —

500.000 — —

By the Malt Act, Anno 1728.

By the Land Tax, Anno 1728.

By the Bank of England.

By Arrears of Land Taxes.

By Exchequer Bills on the Act for Seamens Wages, to be made good out of the first Aids to be granted in Parliament.

£. 4*618,947 6 7 i 4*500,522 19 7jj

Residue of the Grants.

Exchequer Rills on the Land Tax, Anno, 1728 Deficiency of the Grants, Anno 1728 - - - £.

M. Frecker.

o

I:

118,424 6 11 j 15.334 >5 4i

103,189 11 7J

4.515.757 '5 —

103.189 11 7! Deficiency of the Grant*, 1728.

3d February, 17if.

£ 4.618,9+7 6 74

*05

206 3* Februam.1728.

Lawns,

imported.

Ordered, ThatthcfakJ Account ilo lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of die House.

Ordered, That the prbpcr Officers do lay before this House, an Account of all Lawns and Cambricks, imported from the Port of Dunkirk, or other Ports of France, Flanders, or Holland from the ift Day of "January, 1716, to the First Day of . January, 1727, distinguishing the Quantities every Year imported, and the Places from whence they came. ' '

An ACCOU NT of the Amount of the Interest Money, from the 25th December, 1721, to the 25th December, 17: honourable House of Commons, dated the 28th Instant.

Sir George Saunders, from the Commissioners of the Navy, presented to the House, pursuint to their Order, An Account of the Amount of the Interest Money, Which has been paid for Navy and Victualling Bills, from the Twenty-fifth Day of December, 1721, to the Twenty-fifth Day of December, 1728.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as follows; viz.

Navy Office, 31 ft January, 1728. which has been paid for Navy and Victualling Bills, l8: Prepared in pursuance of a Precept from the

From the 25th December,. 1721, to the 25th December, 1728, on Navy Bills D° - - - - Victualling

-£-\ *. 71,8155 16 11 50,2(21 4 2

Interest n* Navy Bills# &c.

£. 122,077 1 1

The Total for both Offices amounts to the sum of One hundred Twenty-two thousand anid Sevfenty-seven

Pounds, One Shilling, and a Peny.. - _ __________

> >. Mighell, Ja.Acworth, Tho. Pearje,

Geo. Saunders, J. Fowler, !Vm. Clevland.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

JUifing tho A Motion being made, and the Question being put,

Supplies. this House will raise* the Supplies, necessary for the current Service of this Year, without creating any new Debt upon any Fund whatsoever;

It passed in the Negative.

I I , f #

Supply. Sir Charles Turner (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions they had directed him to report to the House , which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table , where the ferrie were read, and are as follow $ viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Number of effective Men, to be provided for Guards and Garrisons in Great Britain, and for Guernsey and Jersey, for the Year 17 2 9, be (includ ing One thousand Eight hundred and Fifteen Invalids, and Five hundred Fifty-five Men, which the Six independent Companies coniiftof, for the Service of the Highlands) Twenty-two thousand Nine hundred Fifty-five Men, Commission and Non-commission Officers included.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Seven hundred Eighty-four thousand Nine hundred Eighty-three Pounds, Twelve Shillings, and One Peny Half-peny, be grafted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the said Twenty-two thousand Nine hundred Fifty-five effective Men, for Guards, Garrisons, and other his Majesty's Land Forces, in Great Britain, Guernsey and Jersey, for the Year 1729.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a^um, not exceeding One hundred Sixty thousand Three hundred and Fifty-seven Pounds, One Shilling, and Five Pence Half-peny, be granted to his Majesty, for maintaining his Majesty's Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar, and for Provisions for the Garrisons at Annapolis Royal, Placentia, and Gibraltar, for the Year 1729.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twelve thousand Eight hundred Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, for Out-pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1729.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty thousand Seven hundred Thirty-nine Pounds, Four Shillings, and Seven Pence Half-peny, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying several Extraordinary Expences and Services iricurred, and not provided for by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Fifty-seven thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, to reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1729.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Eighty-one thousand Seven hundred Twenty-eight Pounds, One Shilling, and Three PeDce Half-peny, be granted to his Majesty, for the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, for the Year 1729.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Eight thousand Five hundred Twenty-one Pounds, Two Shillings, and Two Pence Half-peny, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the extraordinary Expence of the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, not provided for by Parliament*.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put ^hereupon, agreed unto by the House.

1

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into ,^ysns a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways an ca and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Turner also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Committal Electipjns be adjourned. Privilege*.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock,

Lapicrrc's

fcc.Nat.

Anglesea

Eleflioi.

2 Geo II.

Martis, 40 die Febrtiabii;

Anno 2° Georgii IIdI Regis, 1728. Prayers.

MR. Pacey presented to the House (according to Order) a Bill for naturalizing Peter Lapierre, John Stephen Benezet, Stephen Teijfier, and Godfrey Sc hr tvs; and the same was received, and read the First time. Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of several Freeholders of the County of Anglesea, in behalf of themselves, and of several others, Freeholders of the said County, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that Thomas Uoyd and Hugh Williams, Esquires, flood Candidates at the last Election of a Knight of the Shire, to serve in Parliament for the County of Anglesea: That on the 7th Day of September, 1727, Henry Morgan, Esquire, High Sheriff of the said County, held his Court, and opened the Poll for the Election, and continued the same until the Evening of the next Day, and then closed the Poll, as the Petitioners

Februarit.

207

prevailed on the said Duncanfon to return Mr. Campbellt in Prejudice to the Rights of the Petitioners: And praying such speedy Relief in the Premises, as the House shall think ftfc.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-(ideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of the Magistrates, Common-council, and Dumbarton several of the Inhabitants, of the Burgh of Renfrew, was &c. Election presented to the House, and read j setting forth, that at th6 last Election of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the District of the Burghsof Glasgow, Dumbarton,

Renfrew, and Rutkerglen, the Commissioners, or Delegates, were, viz. for Glasgow, James Peadiey for Dumbartony David Co/quhony for Rutkerglen, David Pinkerton; and they made Choice of John Blackwood, of London, Men* chant, well known by the Petitioners to be a Person ot undoubted Loyalty to his Majesty, to represent the said District in Parliament; but George Smallety Provost of Dumbarton, without any legal Authority, on the 9th Day of September, 1727, the Day of the Election, went into

apprehended, the said Court not being adjourned over to the Tolbooth, the usual Place of Election, with one James

any other time; by reason of which the Petitioners, and many others, then present, who intended to vote for Mr. Lloyd, were prevented from polling, and departed to their Habitations; but the said High Sheriff, being sensible that Mr. Lloyd had the Majority on closing the said Poll, and would have had a much greater, in case the Petitioners, and those, that went away, had been polled, thought fit to hold a Court the next Day, and to open the Poll again, and admit divers other Persons to poll for Mr. Williams; by which Means, and other illegal Practices of the High Sheriff, Mr. Williams was declared to have the Majority, and was accordingly returned, though Mr. Lloyd was duly elected, and ought to have been returned; in Violation of the Rights of the Petitioners, and other. Freeholders of the said County: And praying such Relief, as the House shall think fit

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Dumbarton, A Petition of the Magistrates and Common-council,

lie.Election. anc] Qf several of the Inhabitants of the Burgh of Glasgow, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that at the last Election of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the District of the Burghs of Glasgow, Dumbarton, Renfrew, and Ruthergleny the Commissioners, or Delegates, were, viz. for Glasgow, James Peadie, for Dumbarton, David Colquhony for RuihergUny David Pinkerton; and they made Choice of John Blackwoody of London, Merchant, well known by the Petitioners to be a Person of undoubted Loyalty to his Majesty, to represent the said District in Parliament; but George Smallety Provost of Dumbarton, without any legal Authority, on the 9th Day of September, 1727, the Day of the Election, went into the Tolbooth, the usual Place of Election, with one James Duncanfony who had been Common Clerk of Dumbarton; and there Smallet took upon him to name Daniel Campbell, Esquire, to serve as a Burgess for the said District, there being no Delegate present from any of the Burghs aforesaid, he having placed a Guard of armed Highlanders in the Tolbooth, the Night before the Election, and another Guard, of himself, and others, with Halberts, at the Hour of Election, to hinder the Delegates from entering, and particularly, the said David Colquhony pretending, that he, as Provost, had the foie Right of judging, who had, and who had not, a Right to vote, or enter the Tolbooth: That the said Delegates, apprehending the Proceedings of the said Smallet to be arbitrary and illegal, protested against the fame, and withdrew to the nearest convenient Place; where they chole the said Mr. Blackwoody and declared him duly elected; nevertheless, the said Smallet

Vol. 21.

Duncanjotiy who had been Common Clerk of Dumbarton; and there Smallet took upon him to name Daniel Campbell, Esquire, to serve as a Burgess for the said District, there being no Delegate present from any of the Burghs aforesaid, he having placed a Guard of armed Highlanders in the Tolbooth, the Night before the Election, and another Guard, of himself, and others, with Halberts, at the Hour of Election, to hinder the Delegates from entering, and, particularly, the said David Colquhon, pretending, that he, as Provost, had the foie Right of judging, who had, and who had not, a Right to vote, or enter the Tolbooth: That the said Delegates, apprehending the Proceedings of the said Smahet to be arbitrary and illegal, protested against the lame, and withdrew to the nearest convenient Place; where they chole the said Mr. Blackwoody and declared him duly elected; nevertheless, the said Smallet prevailed on the said Duncanfon to return Mr. Campbell, in Prejudice to the Rights of the Petitioners: And praying such speedy Relief in the Premises, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Eiedions; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of the Delegate, chose for the Burgh of Rutkerglen, and of the Magistratesand Common-co\incil, and of several of the Inhabitants, of the said Burgh, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that at the last Election of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the District of the Burghs of Glasgow, Dumbarton, Renfrew, and Rutkerglen, the Commissioners, or Delegates, were, viz. for Glasgow, James Peadie, for Dumbarton David Colquhon, for Rutkerglen, David Pinkerton; and they made Choice of John Blackwood, of London, Merchant, well known by the Petitioners to be a Person of undoubted Loyalty to his Majesty, to represent the said District in Parliament; but George Smallet, Provost of Dumbarton, without any legal Authority, on the 9th Day of September, 1727, the Day of the Election, went into the Tolbooth, the usual Place of Election, with one James Duncanfon, who had been Common Clerk of Dumbarton; and there Smallet took upon him to name Daniel Campbell, Esquire, to serve as a Burgess for the said District, there being no Delegate present from any of the Burghs aforesaid, he having placed a Guard of armed Highlanders in the Tolbooth, the Night before the Election, and another Guard, of himself, and others, with Halberts, at the Hour of Election, to hinder the Delegates from entering, and, particularly, the said David Colquhon, pretending, that he, as Provost, had the foie Right of judging, who had, and who had not, a Right to vote, or enter the Tolbooth: That the said Delegates, apprehending the Proceedings <5f the said Smallet to be

arbitrary

Ditto

208 4°

A 1728

jtfbitTary and illegal, protested against the fame, and withdrew to the nearest convenient Place; where they chose the said Mr. Blackwood, and declared him duly elected; nevertheless, the said Smallet prevailed on the said Dun-canfon to return Mr. Campbell, in prejudice to the Rights of the Petitioners: And praying such speedy Relief in the Premises, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House. Dumbarton, A Petition of the Delegate, chose for the Burgh of &c. Eleaion. Dumbarton, and of the Magistratesand Common council, and of several of the Inhabitants of the said Burgh, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that at the lad Election of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the District of the Burghs of Glasgow, Dumbarton, Renfrew, and Rutherglen, the Commissioners, or Delegates, were, viz. for Glasgow, James Pea die, for Dumbarton, David Colqttkon, for Rutherglen, David Pinkerton i and they made choice of John Blackwood, of London, Merchant, well known by the Petitioners to be aPerson of undoubted Loyalty to his Majesty, to represent the said District in Parliament; but George Smallet, Provost of Dumbarton, without any legal Authority, on the 9th Day of September, 1727, the Day of the Election, went -into the Tolbooth, the usual Place of Election, with one James Dun canfon, who had been Common Clerk o{ Dumbarton; and there Smallet took upon him to name Daniel Campbell, Esquire, to serve as a Burgess for the said District, there being no Delegate present from any of the Burghs aforesaid, he having placed a Guard of armed Highlanders in the Tolbooth, the Night before the Election, and another Guard of himself, and others, with Halberts, at the Hour of Election, to hinder the Delegates from entering, and, particularly the said David Golqtthon, pretending, that he, as Provost, had the foie Right of judging, who had, and who had not, a Right to vote, or enter the Tolbooth: That the said Delegates, apprehending the Proceedings of the said Smallet to be arbitraryand illegal, protested against the fame, and withdrew to the ueareft convenient Place; where they chose the said Mr. Blackzvood, and declared him duly elected; nevertheless, the said Smallet prevailed on the said^D«-canfon to return Mr. Campbell, in Prejudice to the Rights of the Petitioners: And praying such speedy Relief in the Premises, as the House shall think, fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That it bean Instruction to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, that they do examine, whether the several Petitions, to them referred, relating to the Election and Return for the District of Boroughs of Dumbarton., Glasgow, Renfrew, and Rutherglen, are the same inSubftance, with those presented last Session, and signed by the same Persons; and doalfo enquire into the Manner of obtaining, and signing, the said Petitions; and . make Report of their Examination, and Enquiry, with ..their Opinion thereupon to the House, before they proceed to hear the Merits of the said Election.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do make the said Examination, and Enquiry, upon Tuesday, the Fourth Day of March next.

Ways . Sir Charles Turner (according to Order) reported from and Means, the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Relbiutions, they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table, . where the same were read, and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, 20

the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, which by an Act of Parliament, of the First Year of his Majesty's Reign, have Continuance to the Twenty-fourth Day of June, 1729, be further continued, and charged upon all Malt, which shall be made, and all Mum, which shall be made or imported, and all Cyder and Perry, which shall be made for Sale within the Kingdom of Great Britain, from the Twenty-third Day of June, 1729, to the 24th Day iof June, 1730.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, a Duty of Six Pence per Bushel be laid upon all Corn and Grain, used in diddling, not malted.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill or Bills be brought in, upon the said Resolutions; and that Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Attorney-general, Mr. Solicitor-general, Mr. Scrope, Mr. Tilfon, Mr. Kelfall, and Mr. Jacomb, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalfof themselves, and many others, inhabiting the City of Westminster, and the Liberties thereof, and the Parts thereunto adjoining, was preieoted to the House, and read; setting forth, that, notwithstanding the several Laws for the well paving and cleansing the Streets of the said City, and the Parts adjoining, the Pavements of the Publick Streets, Lanes, and Alleys, thereof are in a very ruinous Condition, and covered with Filth and Dirt, to the great Prejudice, Danger, and Inconveniency of all, who inhabit, and pass through the fame: And therefore praying the Consideration of the House, and such Relief, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Conduitt, Colonel Onslow, Lord Wfn. Powlett. Lord Morpeth, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Doddington, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Bacon, Sir James Campbell, Sir Robert Fur tiefs, Mr. Byng, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Wither, Mr. Earl, Mr. Clavering, Lord Limerick, Sir John Cope, Sir Charles Wills, Mr. Whitworth, General Wade, Mr. Danvers, Mr. Townftiend, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Eyre, Mr. Metcalf\ Mr. Tilfon, Mr. S crops, Mr. Harr if on, Mr. Winnington, Lord Charles Cdvendifti, Lord Gage, Mr. Taylor, Mr. Cross, Colonel Bladen, Sir Thomas Sebright, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Mr.'Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Alderman Child, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Tozvcts, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Man fell, Mr. Daniel Pulteney, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Hucks, Sir Richard Grosvernor, Sir John Norris, Mr. Vernon, Sir Wm. Tonge, Mr. Campbell, Sir Thomas Frankland, Mr. Sam broke, Mr. Jacomb, Sir Edward Knatchbull, Sir Wm* Willy s, Colonel Selzvin, Mr. Griffith, General Sabine, Mr. Or!e-bar; and all the Members that serve for the County of Middlesex, and the Cities of London and Westminster: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers, to lay before this House, an Estimate of what may be necessary for repairing and rebuilding his Majesty's Ships, and for the Repairs of his Majesty's Docks, for the Year 1729.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock

Westminster

Streets.

Repairing

Snips *c*

2 Geo. II. 50 Februarii. 209

Mercurii, 50 dfe Februarii;

Anno 2° Georgii II41 Regis, 1728.

Prayers.

Shoreditch, ,a PETITION of the Trustees, appointed by Act &c. o* Qf Parliament, for mending the Highway or Roads

from Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, to the furthermost Part of Enfield, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that, since the granting the several Acts for amending the said Road, the Petitioners have not only laid out all the Money arising by the Toll thereon, but are now about £ 3,000. in Debt, which if they should pay off, and do nothing further in repairing the said Road, the same must unavoidably be very bad again, the Time granted by the said Acts being farTpent; and they conceive, in Justice, they ought first to pay off the said Debt: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for prolonging the Term granted by several Acts of Parliament for repairing the said Road, and for making the said Acts more effectual, in such manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee 5 and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Bertie, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Shepheard, Sir Charles Turner, Lord Wm. Powlet, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Metcalfe, Mr. Hacks, Sir James Campbell, Mr* Chetwynd, Mr* York, Mr. Banks, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Plumery Lord Marquis of Harrington, Sir John Norris, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Pulteney, Mr. East, Sir Wm. Stapleton, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Condidt, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Longueville, Sir Thomas Sebright, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Byng, Mr. Rowney, Sir George Cafwall, Mr. Oglethorpe, Mr. Alderman Barnard\ Mr. Pacey, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Alderman Child, Mr. Brampflon, Mr. Newland, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Ly/ler, Mr. Daniel Pulteney, Mr. Compton, Mr. Scrope, Mr. Reynell, Mr. Gay, Sir John Hind Cotton, Mr. Gould, Mr. Gibson, Mr. Jacomb, Mr. Brookjl/ank, Mr. Orlebary Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Townshendy Mr. Finch; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Hertford, Huntingdon, Cambridge, Lincoln, and York, and the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Regulating A Petition of the Rulers, Auditors, and Assistants of Thames the Company of Wherrymen, Watermen, and Lighter-Watermen, men, of the River of Thames, in behalf of themselves, c 1‘ and others, was presented to the House, and read; setting

forth, that the Acts, of the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the late King William the Third, and the Act, of the Fourth Year of the late Queen Anne, forgood Order and Government of the said Company, have been found ineffectual; and great Abuses and Grievances are occasioned, by taking too many and unfit Apprentices: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making effectual the said Acts, or for amending, or repealing, such Parts thereof, as may be proper, and such other Remedy, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Bertie, Mr. Plumptrey Sir John Norris, Sir Thomas Lyttelton, Sir Charles Wager, Sir Wm. Tonge, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Lewen, Mr. Clutterbuck, Mr. Sandys, Lord Malpas, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Byng, Mr. Wyndham, Mr. Page, Mr. Baron Thompson, Mr. Clavering, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Plume)', Mr. Hughes, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Hedworth, Mr. Keif all, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Mr. Alderman Child, Mr. West by, Mr. Metcalfe, Sir Thomas Lee, Mr. Lee, Sir John Eyles, Mr* Alderman Perry, Vo l. 21.

Mr. Alderman Parsons, Mr. Halsey, Sir Joseph Eyles,

Colonel Onslow, Mr. Baker, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Lloyd, Sir Wm. Stanhope, Mr. Hucks, Mr. Jenifon, Mr. Dockminique,

Mr* Fenwick, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Conduitt, Mr. St. John,

Lord Gage, Mr. Oglethorpe, Mr. Rowney, Sir John Act ley. Lord Morpeth, Mr. Newland, Mr. Winnington,

Mr. Bowles, Mr. Thompson, Colonel Selwyn, Mr. Selzvyn:

And all, that come, are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons,

Papers, and Records.

Mr. Pelham, by his Majesty's Command, presented to Subsidiei the House, an Account of Subsidies payable by his spactblc Majesty to the King of Sweden, and Duke of Brunswick, W CD' C Lunenburgh Wolfenbuttle, pursuant to Treaties.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as follows; viz.

An Account of Subsidies payable by his Majesty to the King of Sweden, and Duke of Btmswick,

Lunenburg Wolf enbuttel, pursuant to Treaties.

Pet Annum.

To the King of Sweden, for One Year's £. s. d>

Subsidy, pursuant to a Treaty, dated

the 14th of March, 172-f - - 50,000 — —

To the Duke of Brunswick Lunenburg Wolfenbuttel, pursuant to a Treaty, dated the 25th of November, 1727 - 25,000 ——

Whitehall, 5th February, Total- £. 75,000 — —

H. Pelham.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Sir Charles Turner presented to the House, according Sopply Billt to Order, a Bill for continuing the Duties upon Malt, ^,uses ?n Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty nine; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Motion being made, and the Question being Application proposed, that an humble Address be presented to his to Allies for Majesty, to desire, that this House may be informed, Succours-what Demands were made, in behalf of the Crown of Great Britain, to his Majesty's All.es, for Succours of Troops, Ships, or Money, which they Were obliged to furnish in pursuance of Treaties, during the late Hostilities, and the Siege of Gibraltar, and in what manner the said Demands were complied with 5

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Question, by adding, at the End thereof, these Words,

" or, whether any Measures were settled and concerted " between the Crown of Great Britain and her Allies, in 4< order to carry on a general and vigorous War, in case " the Project of preliminary Articles of Peace, under " Consideration during the Siege of Gibraltar, had not been nccepted

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the said proposed Amendment, by leaving out the first Word 4f or*' and inserting the Word ‘c and" instead thereof.

And the Question being put, that the Word " or"

(land Part of the said Amendment;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Question being put. That the Amendment, so amended [*], be made Part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

[a] The Words " so amended," are here inferred in the Journal by Mi (lake, the Amendment, proposed to be made to the Question, not being amended.

3 G Then

Wareham

Writ.

Supply.

An fwer to Address.

Committees.

Bricks and Tiles making.

210

5° — 6° — 70 Februarii. . 1728.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put, That an humble Address be prefen ted to his Majesty, to desire, that this House may be informed, what Demands were made, in behalf of the Crown of Great Britain, to his Majesty's A.lies, for Succours of Troops, Ships, or Money, which they were obliged to furnish in pursuance of Treaties, during the late Hostilities, and the Siege of Gibraltar, and in what manner the said Demands were complied with, or, whether any Nfeafures were settled and concerted between the Crown of Great Britain and her Allies, in order to carry on a general and vigorous War, in case the Project of preliminary Articles of Peace, under Consideration during the Siege of Gibraltar, had not been accepted;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas, ^Uthorpe: } 8°‘

TeHers for the Noes, {{£; ^uilt; }

So it passed in the Negative.

Refulved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officer, to lay before this House, the Establishment of the Troops of his Highness the Landgrave of Hejfe Cassel, which arc in his Majesty's Pay.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That Mr, Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Wareham, in the County of DorJ'et, in the room of Joseph Gascoign, Esquire, deceased.

The Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The Lord Finch reported to the House, that their Address, of Yesterday, That his Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers, to lay before this House, an Estimate of what may be necessary for repairing and rebuilding his Majesty's Ships, and for the Repairs of his Majesty's Docks, for the Year 1729, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he will give Directions to the proper Officers, for laying the same before this House.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 6° die Februarii;

Anno 20 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1728. Prayers.

A PETITION of several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Brick-makers, Bricklayers, or others, concerned in building in the City of London, or within Fifteen Miles thereof, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of partial and undue Proceedings of the Master and Wardens of the Company of Tilers and Bricklayers, London, in their Execution of the Act, of the Twelfth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, <c An Act to prevent Abuses " in the making of Bricks and Tiles, and to ascertain " the Dimensions thereof, and to prevent all unlawful " Combinations amongst any Brick-makers, or Tilemakers, within Fifteen Miles of the City of London, *7

fC in order to advance or enhance the Price of Bricks or <c Tiles," to the Prejudice of fair Traders: And praying the Consideration of the House, and that leave may be given to bring in a Bill for better inforcing the said Act, in such manner, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Child, Mr. Bertie,

Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Gibson, Lord Morpeth, Mr. Keif all,

Mr. Alderman Parsons, Sir Geo. Cafwall, Lord Wm.

Fozvlet, Mr. Vernon, Colonel Onslow, Mr. Alderman Perry, Sir John Ey/es, Mr. Newland, Mr. Waller, Mr.

St. John, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Plumer, Lord Charles Cavendish, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Clayton, Mr.

Vane, Mr. Wither, Mr. Metcalfe, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Byng,

Mr. Bramflon, Mr. Conduit, Mr. Foley, Mr. Winnington,

Mr. Lyfler, Mr. Harley, Mr. Shippen, Major Compton,

Sir Archer Croft, Mr. Campbell; and all the Members, that serve for the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, and the Cities of London and Westminster: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons,

Papers, and Records.

A Bill for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Supply Bill; Cyder, and Perry, in that part of Great Britain called Duties on England, and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties MaIf> upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-nine, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 70 die Februarii \

Anno 20 Georgii Ildl Regis, 1728. Prayers.

PETER Lapierre, John Stephen Benezet, Stephen Teiffier, and Godfrey Schreve, took the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

The Lord Finch reported to the House, that their Anfivcrto Address, of Wednesday last. That his Majesty would be Address. graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officer, to lay before this House, the Establishment of the Troops of his Highness the Landgrave of Hef)e CajJ'ell, which are in his Majesty's Pay, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he will give Directions to the proper Officer, for laying the same before this House. ‘

Mr Pelham presented to the House, pursuant to their Hefliaa Address to his Majesty, Forces.

Copy of the Establishment of the Heft an Forces, for the Year 1728.

And the Title thereof was read.

Ordered, That the said Establishment be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The said Establishment is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Scrope presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

Surplusses, stated at Lady-day, 1728; and, Surpluflis, stated at Michaelmas, 1728.

And

Surpluses.

211

2 Geo. II. 7°

And the Titles thereof were read.

Ordered, That the said Surplusses do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Surplusses are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Spiitlefields A Petition of the Churchwarden, Constable, Overseers

new Church. Gf the Poor, and others, Inhabitants of the Hamlet of Spittlefelds, in the Parish of Saint Dunstan, Stebunheath, alias Stepney, in the County of Middlesex, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants there, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Commissioners for building the Fifty new Churches, have built One new Church in the said Hamlet within the said Old Parish, and have appointed a District for the same; and the said new Church is ready for Consecration, and fit for divine Service; and the Hamlet being very populous, and remote from the old Parish Church, the Petitioners are destitute of fitting Opportunities of frequenting the publick Worship of God; and being desirous of having the said new Church endowed by such Means as this House shall think fir, they pray, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, and for making the said Hamlet, or new Parish, a distindf Parish, separate from the said old Parish.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Barnard, Mr. Bertie, Lord Morpeth, Mr. Vane, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Wither, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Keif all. Dr. Sayer, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Gib [on, Mr. Clayton, Lord Charles Ca-vendish, Mr. Scrope, Sir Charles Turner, Sir John Hind Cotton, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Shippen, Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. Alderman Child, Mr. Newland, Mr. Lyddell, Mr, Clavering, Sir Robert Clifton, Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Walter, Mr. Booth, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Ash, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Harley, Colonel Onslow, Mr. St. John, Mr. Brampston, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Cross, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Townshend, Sir George Cafwall, Sir Archer Croft, Lord Wm. Pocvlett, Lord Malpas, Mr. Digby, Sir John Eyles; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Oxford, and the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Whittlesey A Petition of the Land-owners, and Proprietors of

Drainage. J0w Lands, and Fen Grounds, in the Township of Whittlesey, within the Ifleof Ely, in the County of Cambridge, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and all others the Owners and Proprietors of low Lands, and Fen Grounds, lying in the said Township, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the said low Lands, and Fen Grounds, containing about Seven thousand Acres, have, till lately, been very good, and yielded great Profit, by Corn, Grain, and Hay, and feeding Cattle and Sheep; but for more than Seven Years past have been so often drowned, and surrounded with Waters, that they have yielded little or no Profit, and cannot be drained, for want of convenient Outfalls, and Drains, to discharge the Waters into the common Rivers, whereby the same may be conveyed from thence to Sea: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bil! for draining the said low Lands, and Fen Grounds, in the said Township, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Bromley, Mr. Shepheard, Lord Marquis of Hartington, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Sandys, Sir Charles Turner, Sir John Rufhout, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Jacomb, Mr. Byng, Mr. Scrope, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Metcalfe, Mr, Par-Vol. 21.

fons, Mr. Ward, Mr Robinson, Mr. Waller, Sir Richard Lane, Mr. Scawen, Mr. Fork, Lord Gage, Mr. Bowes,

Sir Wm. Willys? Mr Chetwynd, Mr. Bertie, General Sabine, Jylr. Read, Mr. Walcot, Mr. Brampston, Mr.

Bowles, Mr. Alderman Child, Mr. Alderman Barnard,

Lord Morpeth, Mr. Tilfon, Mr. Serjeant Birch, Mr.

Lewis, Mr. Chamberlain, Mr. Phillips; and all the Members, that serve for the Counties of Huntingdon,

Cambridge, Lincoln, Norfolk, and Suffolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons,

Papers, and Records,

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee Westtnmfter to whom the Petition of several Persons whose Names Streets, are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many others, inhabiting the City of Westminster, and the Liberties thereof, and the Parts thereunto adjoining, concerning the paving and cleaning the Streets of the said City, and the Parts adjoining, is referred, that they do report their Opinion thereupon to the House.

A Petition of the insolvent Debtors in the Fleet Prison, Debtor's in behalf of themselves, and many Thousands in the Petition, several Gaols of the Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that all the insolvent Acts, that have passed, have been with a Proviso, That the Debtor, who did not owe above^. 50. or £. too to any one Person, should be discharged; whereby those Persons who have been very considerable Dealers in Life, were excluded, and are now most miserable, and their Families reduced to great Necessities: That in the 22d and 23d Carol. 2tVl, an Act passed, for the Relief of insolvent Debtors, without Limitation of a Sum: and the Gaols are now fuller than they were then: And praying, that an Act may pass, for Relief of insolvent Debtors, without the Limitation of a Sum, upon surrendering their All lor the Benefit of their Creditors.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table. Ditto, A Petition of the Constable, and Assistants, confined Debtors in the Poultry Compter, London, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Debtors of the said Gaol, being in'Number One hundred and Twenty-nine, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners, by their long Confinement, are become mere Objects of Pity, and are utterly unable to satisfy the Demands of their cruel Creditors, to whom they are willing to surrender up their All for Satisfaction; who will not accept of the fame, and discharge them: And praying, that, on delivering up all their Effects to their Creditors, they may be discharged, or that their Creditors may be obliged to maintain them in Prison.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table. Ditto. A Petition of the poor insolvent Debtors, Freemen, and Widows, of the City of London, confined in the Prison of Ludgate, was presented to ihe House, and read; setting forth, that after all just Endeavours to satisfy their Creditors, even to the delivering of their whole Substance, they have not been able to gain their Liberty; so that by their long Confinement they are reduced to the lowed State of Misery, and many of them have already perished for Want: And praying the Consideration of the House, and such Relief, as shall be thought fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the poor insolvent Debtors in Cambridge Ditto. Castle, belonging to the County of Cambridge, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that there are now but 14 Prisoners in the said Gaol, feme of them having been in several Years, and are in a starving Condition: And praying such Relief, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Sir John Eyles presented to the House, the Report of SouthS«a the Trustees for raising Money on the Estates of the late Company. Directors of the South Sea Company and others.

And the Title thereof was read.

Ordered,

7° — i o° Februarii. . 1728.

Ordered, That the said Report do lfe tipon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Report is bound of with the other Papers of this Session*

Rebuilding Mr. Cockburn, from the Comttoissioners for executing of Ships, the Office of I.ord High Admiral of Great Britain, preferred to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, An Estimate of the Rebuildings and Repairs of Ships, for the Year 1729.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

Ordered, That the said Fftimat.e do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House* The said Estimate is bourjd up with the other Papers of this Session.

Call of the Ordered\ That the House be called over upon this Day

House. Fortnight, the Twenty-first Day of February instant.

Ordered, That such Members as shall not then attend, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Produce of Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this Fund raised House, an Account of the Money paid into the Ex-12 Anne7 chequer, from the Twenty-ninth Day of September, 172,1, to the Twenty-ninth Day of September, 1728, for the Produce of the Fund, granted in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for railing One million Four hundred thousand Pounds by a Lottery; and also an Account of the present annual and other Charges thereupon.

Punishing Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

Mutiny and punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Pay-Desertion. ment of the Army, and their Quarters; and that Mr.

Secretary at War and Mr. Jacomb do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Luna, 104 die;

Aqno 19 Georgii II. Regis, 1728. Prayers.

THE House being informed, that Mr. Corbett, Secretary of Greenwich Hospital, attended at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account shewing how the Money given last Session of Parliament for Greenwich Hospital, has been disposed of; and also,

A State of the yearly Revenue and Expence of Greenwich Hospital $ also.

An Account of what was due on the Thirty-first Day of December last upon the Establishment of Greenwich Hospital.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titlesof the said Accounts and State were read. The said Accounts and State are as follows; viz.

Royal Hospital Account shewing how the Money at Greenwich, f given last Session of Parliament

5th of Febru- r for Greenwich Hospital, has been

ary, 1728. J disposed of.

Charge of fitting upWards and Apart- £ s. d. ments for the Reception of 250 additional Seamen, and the Nurses belonging to them - 3>T 9 5 a S

First Charge of supplying the said Men, and Nurses, with Cloaths, Linen,

Bedding, and other Necessaries, at their

Ad million - 2,353-

Charge of maintaining the said Men, and Nurses, from the Time of their respective Entries to the 31st of December last.....1,337 -

The Orders of the Day being read;

Ways # Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-and Means, fog next, resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Supply. The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Sir Charles Turner also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Supply Bill; Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-Duties on ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Malt, &c. House, upon the Bill for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-nine.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

£ 6,885 2 5

Memorandum: The Treasurer had not Cash sufficient in his Hands, on the 30th of September last, to pay the Debts of the Hospital to that Time, which were dated and ordered to be paid, by £. 3*924. 14*. o d. but he was afterwards enabled to make good that Deficiency out of the £. io, oco. given by Parliament for the Uses of the Hospital.

Signed by Order of the Court of Directors.

Tho. Corbett, Secretary.

Royal Hospital at Greenwich, I 5 th of Febru- I ary, 1728. J

A State of the yearly Revenue of Greenwich Hospital, according to the present Establishment.

The Six-pences of 10,000 Seamen, employed in his Majesty's Service at Sea -The Six-pences of 1,500 Seamen, employed on board his Majesty's Ships in Ordinary -The Six-pences of Seamen, employed in the Merchants Service, by a Medium of Eight Years -The Three Light-houses on the North and South Forelands may yield, communibus amis - -

Rents of Houses....

There is veiled in South Sea Annuities, by Order of the Court of Chancery, the Sum of £. 3,974. deviled to the Hospital; which Sum is to be laid out in the Purchase of Lands, and, in the meantime, the Hospital receives the Interest, at £. 4 per Cent.

L

3>-5°

s.

d.

487 10

5,377 16 6

1,4-0

270

158

3

Total of the Revenue - - 10,944 5 6

Revenue short of the Expence 8,651 12 9

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

L- 19.595 18 3

Memorandum:

Greenwich

llofpitaL

Greenwich

Hospital.

2 Geo. II.

io° Pebru

2i§

- 1,295 *5 —

Memorandum: The Half-pay of the present Governor and other Officers of £. s. d. the Hospital, which is now applied in Aid to the Revenue of the Hospital, and may be deducted out of the above Deficiency, amounts to Wages and Provisions of the Chaplains of the Ordinaries at Deptford and Woolwich, which are at present applied in like manner, they being likewise Chaplains to the Hospital, amount to -

But these Sums being uncertain, are not placed as Part of the Revenue of the Hospital. Orders have been given for going on in finishing the Inside of the North-east Pavision of} Queen Anne's Court, the Charge of Which, by Estimation, will come to 5

1.07 — ' — ,

1

£- j-

1,402 15

£. 6,000 —

A STATE of the yearly Expence of Greenwich Hospital, according to the present Establishment.

I. s. I

The Maintenance of 700 Pensioners, with the Officers and Nurles ----- 17*425 18 3

The ordinary Repairs in and about the Hospital, including the Wages to the Officers of the

Works 1,700 -

Incident Charges ----- ----- - 470 — —

Signed by Order of the Court of Dtre&ors. r . rr.r .0 -

JM. Corbett, Secretary. . 19'595 18 3

Royal Hospital, at Greenwich,! An ACCOUNT of what was due on the 31st of December last, upon the jth of February, 1728. J Establishment of Greenwich Hospital.

£ I

Due on the Houshold Accounts - -- 3,861 <y 6

Due on the Accounts of the Works - -- - 1,248 7 4

Due on account of the contingent Expences - -- 345 ——

Due to his Majesty, for Rent of the Foreland Lights - - - - 65 ——

Due to Colonel Bonnet's Executors for Rent - - 37184

Due to art Annuity, payable out of Mr. Ofbolfion's Estate - 710 —

Signed by Order of the Court of Directors. / < f

rb6. Corbett, Secretary. . 3,565 5

Ordered, That the said Accounts, and State, do lie upon March last, has been received by the Treasurer since the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. that Time, and how the same h&s been employed

and also,

The House being informed, that the Deputy Trea- An Account of the Calli now remaining in the Hands surer of Greenwich Hospital attended at the Door, he of the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, with an Estimate was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the H use, of the Credit on the Revenue of the said Hospital. pursuant to their Order, And then he withdrew.

An Account shewing how much of the several Arrears And the Titles of the said Accounts were read,

due to Greenwich Hospital on the Thirty-first Day of The said Accounts are as follows; viz.

Greenwich Hospital, 7 An ACCOUNT, shewing, how much of the several Arrears due to Greenwich iff February, 1728. y Hospital on the 31st Day of March last, has been received by the Treasurer since that Time, and how the same has been employed.

Received on account of the Seamens Six-pences in his Majesty's Ships employed at Sea, £. s. d. and in Ships in Ordinary ----- --- - - - - 7,010 19 6

Received for the Six-pences of Seamen, employed in the Merchants Service - 1,063 — 11*-

Received for the Duties to the Light-houses on the North and SoOth Forelands - - - 51218 —

Received for the Rents of Housefs, belonging to the said Hospital - - - " - 269 4 3*

Received for the Chaplains Wages and Groats, from the Ordinaries of Deptford and Woolwich

Yards, and for their Victualling Bills ----- --- - - 170 10 6

Received on Account of Shares unpaid in the late Spanish Prizes - - - * - - 230 —

£. 9,276 13 3f

Which said several Sums, together with the -Cash remaining in the Treasurer's Hands on the 31st March, 1728, and his other Receipts from that Time to the lft February, 1728, have been employed, as followed):

Treasurer Dr. "j. d.

To Cash retnaining in his Hands on the 31st March, 17 28, on account of the Revenue of the House 5> 478 ij 9'-

To more, ori account of the Works - 508 3 34-

To received from the honourable the Treasurer of the Navy, pursuant to an Act of the last Session of Parliamen4 - - - 10,000

To Arrears received, as within 9,276 >3 34:

To the Treasurer's other Receipts from the 31st March, 1728, to the ift 'February, 1728 - 6,086 1 6i

£. 31,149 11 11

In the absence of Philip Cdvendish, -^-=-3

Esquire, Treasurer.

John Whom by.

Vol. si.

Per Contra Cr. £. s. d.

By paid to the Household Books for Six Months, ending 31st March,

1728 - - - 5,432 4 si

By paid to the contingent Account

for the said Six Months - - 139 2 to

By paid to the Household Books for Six Months, ending 301 li September,

1728 - - - 8,659 15 9}

By paid the contingent Account for D* 522 19 3

By paid the Books of Works, ending

with September, 1728 - - - 6,987 8 9

21,741 10 1 It Due to Balance - - 9,408 — n -S

£. 31,149 11 11

In the Absence of Philip Cavendish,

Esquire) Treasurer.

John Whormby.

3 H Greenwich,

_____

2t4 to0 Februarii. 1728.

Greenwich Hospital, 7 An ACCOUNT of the Cash now remaining id the Hands of the Treasurer of Greenwich ift February, 1728.,) Hospital, with an Estimate of the Credit on the Revenue of the said Hospital.

To Cash now remaining in the Treasurer's Hands

To the Estimate of Seamens Six-pences in his Majesty's Ships now employed at Sea, or lately paid off, about ——

To the Six-pences of Seamen serving on board his Majesty's Ships in ordinary, about -To the Six-pences of Seamen employed in the Merchants Service, about -To the Duties to the Light-houses on the North and South Forelands, about -To the Rents of Houses, &c. belonging to the said Hospital, about ... To the Chaplains Wages, Groats, and Victualling Bills, about -To the Half-pay of the Governor and other Officers, lately ordered to the Hospital -To the Dividends, due on £.3,974. South Sea Annuity Stock, now vetted in the Accomptant in Chancery, and to be laid out in the Purchase of an Estate for the Hospital To Shares of Prizes due from Mr. Cooley, about -

In the Absence of Philip Cavendish,

Esquire, Treasurer.

John Whormby.

9,217

3SS

2,430

400

200

137

649

248

80

Memorandum: There is due from the late Mr. Hampden, which was received by him for Abatements of the Seamens Six-pences in his Majesty's Ships, when he was Treasurer of the Navy ——

There is also due from Sir Harcourt Masters, on account of the Shares of Prizes unpaid, but his effects being subjected to the Trustees for the late South Sea Directors Estates, the Produce and Payment thereof are uncertain, about -There is also due for the Six-pences on Marines in the late War, for the Payment where-of various endeavours have been used to no Purpose -

For Philip Cavendish,

Esquire, Treasurer.

John Whormby.

4,448

2,720

5>48o

& s- d.

5,408 — ui

i3>746 ——

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, of this House, that a Petition of the Brick-makers, and

to be perused by the Members of the House. others, concerned in building in the City of London, has

been presented to the House, complaining of partial and Paflano's A Petition of James Pajano was presented to the House, undue Practices and Proceedings of the said Company in

Nat. arid read; setting forth, that the Petitioner was born out their Execution of an Act, 120 Georgii Iral, to prevent of his Majesty's Allegiance, but always professed the Pro- Abuses in the making of Bricks and Tiles, which Act the testant Religion, and has given good Proof of his Duty Petitioners have the Power to put in Execution: And and Affection to his Majesty, and this Kingdom: And praying, that they may be heard by themselves or Coun-praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for fel, against the Petition of several Persons whose Names

his Naturalization. are thereunto subscribed, being Brick-makers, Brick-

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill layers, or others, concerned in building in the City of

according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that London, or within 15 Miles thereof, presented to the

Mr. Phillips and Mr. Bacon do prepare, and bring in, House the Sixth Instant.

the fame. Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

\ Consideration of the Committee to whom the Petition

National Ordered\ That the proper Officer do lay before this of Brick-makers, Bricklayers, and others, presented to

Debts House, an Account of such of the national Debts, in- the House the Sixth Instant, is referred; and that the

re eemable. curred before the Twenty-fifth Day of December, 1716, Petitioners be heard by their Counsel before the said

as are redeemable by Parliament, with the Interest, or Committee, if they think fit.

Annuity, attending the fame, and when the same are Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Corn-redeemable. mittee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard at the fame

time upon the Petition of Brick-makers, Bricklayers, and LapierreV A Bill for naturalizing Peter Lapierre, John Stephen others, presented to the House the Sixth Instant.

&c. Nat. Benezei, Stephen Ttijfter, and Godfrey Schreve, was read

a Second time. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pacey,

Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Cross, Sir Sir Charles Turner (according to Order) reported from John Rushout, Sir Richard Lane, Mr. York, Mr. Waller the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was Mr. Alderman Child, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Martin, Mr. referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his

Alderman Perry, Mr. Henley, Lord Wm. Powlet, Mr. Majesty, the Resolutions they had directed him to report

Lewis, Mr. Wither, Mr. Gould, Mr Metcalfe, Mr. to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards

Plumer, Mr. Lougueville, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Clut- delivered in at the Clerks Table; where the same were

terbuck, Colonel Onslow, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Mr. read, and are as follow; viz.

Winnington, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Annesley, Mr. Philli /uMr. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Reynell, Mr. Serjeant Birch, Mr. Pottinger, Mr. Cart- That a Sum not exceeding Two hundred Forty^one thou-

wright, Sir Jermyn Davers, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Selwyn , sand Two hundred Fifty-nine Pounds, One Shilling, and Mr. Danvers, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Allington: Three Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying

And they are to meet this afternoon, at Five of the Clock, the Expence of Twelve thousand Hessians, taken into his

in the Speakers Chamber. Majesty's Pay for the Service of the Year 1729.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Brcksand A Petition of the Master and Wardens of the Company That the Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds be granted to

Tiles of Tilers and Bricklayers of the City of London, in behalf his Majesty, for one Year's Subsidy to the King of

making, of the said Company, was presented to the House, and Sweden, pursuant to Treaty dated t he Fourteenthof

read; setting forth, that the Petitioners find by the Votes March, 172-f.

2- 2 Resolved\

Committees*

Supply.

Clothing

Foreign

Troops.

Brothrrfon's

Nat.

Ways and Means.

Supply Bill; Duties on Malt, &c.

2 Geo. II. lo°" ti0 Fehttibig-

Resolved, That it ii the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Twenty-five thousand Pounds be granted to his Majesty, for one Year's Subsidy to the Duke of Brunswick Lunenburgh IVolfenbuttel, pursuant to a Treaty, dated the Twenty-fifth of November, 1727.

The laid Resolutions, being severally read a Second time* were, upon the Question severally put thereupon* agreed unto by the House.

A Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, humbly to recommend it to his Majesty, that, whenever it shall be necessary to take any foreign Troops into his Majesty's Service, he will be grlcioufiy pleased to use his Endeavours, that they be clothed with the Manufactures of Great Britain, in order to alleviate, in some Measure, the Expence this Nation may sustain, by fending so great Sums of Money out of the Kingdom, as the Pay of such Troops may come to;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words, " in order to alle-€t viate, in some measure, the Expence this Nation may 4< sustain, by fending so great Sums of Money out of the f< Kingdom, as the Pay of such Troops may come to."

And the Question being put, That the said Words {land part of the Question;

Jt passed in the Negative,

Then the Question, so amended, being put;

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, humbly to recommend it to his Majesty, that, whenever it shall be necessary to take any foreign Troops into his Majesty's Service, he will be gradoufiy pleased to use his Endeavours, that they be clothed with the Manufactures of Great Britain.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Borroughs and Mr. Tot hill: (

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to naturalize Peter Frere Brotherson, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee-of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty. ,.

The Order being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties Upon Malr, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, fot the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-nine;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Coriv4-mittee, that they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, to direct that the Deficiency which shall be on the Twenty-fifth Day of March, 1729, of the Income of the Duties on Malt, granted for the Year 1727, to satisfy Principal and Interest chargeable thereupon, be made good out of the Supplies granted for the Year 1729.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee;

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Committee Elections be adjourned. of Privileges.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 11° die Februarii \

Anno 2° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1728.

Prayer S;

THE House being informed, that Mr. Chocke, from the Exchequer, attended at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Money paid into the Exchequer, Produce of from the Twenty-ninth Day of September, 1721, to the Fund raised Twenty-ninth Day of September, 1728, for the Produce of the Funds, granted in the Twelfth Year of the lieign of her late Majesty Queen Anrie, for railing One Million Four hundred thoatand-Pounds by a Lottery; and also an Account of the present annual and other Charges thereon: And also.

An Account of such of the national Debts, incurred National before the Twenty-fifth Day of December, 1716, as are Debts redeemable by Parliament, with the Interest, or Annuity, rc ecma attending the fame, and when the same are redeemable*

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as follow viz.

Vol. 21.

To

11* Fehruariu

A. 1728.

Ifo the hrinriufable the Knights, Citizens, arid Surgeries, in Parliament assembled:

A nr A C C O U NT of the Money paid into the Exchequer, from the 29th Day of September, 1721, to the 29th Day of September, 1728; for the Produce of the Funds, granted in the 12th Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for raising One million Four hundred thousand Pounds by. a Lottery; and also an Account of the present annual and other Charges thereon.

From 29th of September, 1721, to the 29th of Septemberi -

- 1722

- i?23

- i7H * 17 25

- 1726

- *7*7

- 1728

L

Annual and other Charges thereon

tn pursuance of the Act 6® Geo. primi, the following principal Sums, Part of the Sums charged on this Fund by the Act 12° Amice, were subscribed into the Squib Sea Stock; viz.

£ s. d.

865,250 ----- --carrying Interest at £.5 per Cent, per Annum.

538,720 — — carrying Interest at £. 4 per Cent.

£ 1,403,970 ----- --In all.

For which the said South Sea Company are, from Miijummer, 1727, entitled to an Annuity at £. 4 per Cent, per Annum, redeemable by Parliament^ being per Annum ——

They are also entitled, out of this Fund, to a Proportion of their additional Allowance of £, 12,000. Annum, for Charges of Management, by the Act

6° Georgii primi,.which Proportion is per Annum -

Total of the present annual Charge - - -;

Exchequer, 11 th Day of February, 172ft:.,

Produce.

£ 104,604 s. 6 d. 3.1

111,710 li —

108,991 2 1

107,245 4 6i

106,178 6 ni

108,284 12 4

102,567 3 5

749,7 81 l6 J

£ * d.

56,158 16 —

646 12 a

56,805 8 a-F

Alexander Chockt.

o

p

10

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled:

An ACCOUNT of such of the National Debts, incurred before the 25th of December, 1716, as are redeemable by Parliament, with the Interest, or Annuity, attending the fame, and when the same are redeemable.

Principal.

1

Interest, or Annuity, j

When the same are redeemable.

To the South Sea Company on their capital Stock, Act 90 Georgii Regis primi

To them more on South Sea Annuities, Act Pari. prad.

To the East India Company -

To the Bank of England on their original Fund - -

D° for cancelling Exchequer Bills, 7* Annie ——

D* for cancelling Exchequer Bills, 3° Georgii primi ——

D* for so much purchased by them of the South Sea Company

D° for Nevis Debentures ——

Vi

Memorandum: Towards discharging this last Sum of Nevis Debentures, there is now lying, as Cash, in the Exchequer, the Sum of £m 11,719. 3 s. 4\d. Remainder of the Sum of 103,272. 10s. in Three per Cent. Annuities, applied to discharge such Part of this Debt, as the Proprietors thereof shall voluntarily exchange for the lame, on Demand.

Exchequer, nth Day of February, 1728;

i-

d.

16,651,101 12 9i

S

16,651,101 12 9*

3,200,00 — —

1,600,000 ——

£- 4 per Cent.

£ 5 per Cent. £6 per Cent.

775,027 17 iof}

j£- 4 per Cent.

2.000. 000

4.000. 000 49*540 8 Si

44,916,771 11 ioi

D°

£3 per Cent.

Alexander Chocke.

- After Midsummer, 1727, by paying the whole, or not less

than £. 500,000. at a time.

- Upon Three Years Notice after the 25th of March? 1^33. 12 Mo. Notice after the ift August, 1742.

- After Midsummer, 1727, by paying the Whole, prnot lets . than £. 500,000. at a time.

- D*

- Upon Vote or Resolution of the House of Commons, signed by their Speaker in Writing, to be inserted in the London Gazette, and affixed on the Royal Exchange, London, at any of the Four most usual Feasts in the Year.

2 Geo.. II, x 1®

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table; to be perused by the Members of the House.

Queenborough A Petition of Sir Jeremy Panacker Sambrooke, Baronet,

Elcaion. was prefenred to the House,' and read; setting forth, that a new Writ issuing, for dealing a Burgess, to serve in this Parliament for the Borough oiQueoiborough, in the County of Kent, in the room of Sprig Majesty, Esquire, deceased, the Petitioner, and Richard Evans, Esquire, stood Candidates: That at the said Election several were admitted to poll for Mr. Evans, who had no Right, and were objected to, qs they came to poll; and many indirect Practices were used for Mr. Evans before, and at, the Election, and several Persons made free, to poll for him, since the Vacancy; by Means whereof he procured himself to be returned, in wrong to the Petitioner, who had the Majority of legal Votes: And praying the Consideration of the House, and Relief, in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do hear the Matter of the said Petition upon Thursday, the Sixth Day of March next#

Supply Bill; Sir Charles Turner (according to Order) reported from

Duties on the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill Malt, itc. for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum# Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-nine, was committed* the Amendments, the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the said Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally puttherdupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till T6-morrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 120 die Februarii;

Anno 20 Georgii lld4 Regis, 1728.

Prayers.

Wchingh A P KTITI O N of the Churchwarden, Constable, new urc . Overseers of the Poor, and other ancient and

principal Inhabitants, in behalf of themselves, and the rest: of the Inhabitants, of the Hamlet of flapping. Stepney, in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that by virtue of the Acts, for building Fifty new Churches, one Church has been built in the said Hamlet, and a District made to the same by the Commissioners for the said Churches, and the said Church is finiftied, and ready for Consecration, and the Use thereof is much wanted, the Hamlet being very populous: And, in regard a Provision for the Rector is wanted, as also a Vestry to be settled, according to the Custom of the Hamlet, that those, who pay Two Shillings per Month, and upwards, to the Poor's Rate, may have a Right to vote, they pray, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to separate, and make parochial, the said Hamlet, distinct from the Parish of St. Dunstan, Stebun-heath, alias Stepney, and for making such Provision or Maintenance for the Rector, who shall be presented to the said new Church, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the l7

0 Februarii. 1728.

Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. Alderman Barnard> Mr. Bromley, Mr. Sandy's, Mr. Shepkeard,

Mr. Lydell, Mr. Compton, Colonel Onslow, Mr. Leveson Gower, Sir Jacob Aftley, Mr. Ward, Sir Edward Knatch-bull, Sir Wilfrid Lawson, Mr. Towers, Mr. Phillips,

Mr. Lowther, Mr. Harley, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Scrape, Mr.

Kelfall, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Duncomb, Mr. St. John, Lord Wm. Powlett, Mr. Banks, Sir Charles Turner, Colonel Negus, Mr. Alderman Parsons, Mr. Edwards, Mr.

Rowney, Mr. Lewis, Sir Thomas Sebright, Mr. Bertie,

Mr. Alderman Child, Mr. Tufnell, Mr. Cross, Sir John Rufhout, Mr. Bacon; and all the Members, that serve for the County of Middlesex, and City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House (accord- Puntfhfeg ing to Order) a Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, Mutiny and and for the better Payment of the Army and their Ddertioa. Quarters; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this Money paid House, an Account of what Money has been paid between onLtndTa*. Lady-day, 1724, and Lady-day, 1728, on account of Loans, or for circulating of Exchequer Bills, on the Land Tax, distinguishing, what has been paid in each Year.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this Ditto House, an Account of what Money has been paid, between TaJC* Midsummer, 1724, and Midsummer, 1728, on account of Loans, or for circulating of Exchequer Bills, on the Malt Tax, distinguishing, what has been paid in each Year.

1

Ordered, That the Treasurer of the Navy do lay before Navy this House, an Account of what Money has been ordered Service* by 1 the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, and received by him, for any Services of the Navy, from the Thirty-first Day of December, 1727, to the Thirty-first Day of December, 1728, distinguishing the Times when the same was received, and the Services to which it was applied.

Ordered, That the Treasurer of the Navy do lay before Hampden's this House, an Account of what Money has been received Debt, in his Office since the Twenty-third Day of October, 1720, on account of the Debt due from Richard Hampden,

Esquire, late Treasurer of the Navy, distinguishing the Tirties When the same was received, and the Services to which it was applied.

A Petition of William Pozvlett, Esquire, commonly Money doles called Lord William Powlett, one of the Tellers of his oat of the Majesty's Exchequer, was presented to the House, and ExcIlwl0€r* read; setting forth, that the Cacti Room, belonging to his Office, Was, betwixt Monday, the First, and Wednesday, the Third, of February, broke into through the

Roof of the said Room, which, from the extraordinary Strength of Stoneand Wood Work, was, before that Time, thought effectually secure against any such Attempt; and a Lock of one of his Majesty's strong Chests in the said Room was forced off, and through the Space of the Plate of the Lock the Sum of Four thousand One hundred and Ninety-one Pounds, Fourteen Shillings, and Six Pence, was stolen away: That the Locks upon the Cacti Room, the Chests therein, and the outward Offices, were all locked, conformable to the Act of Parliament, of the Eighth and Ninth Years of King William the Third, for better Observation of the Course, anciently used in the Receipt of the Exchequer, and there was not the least Neglect of any kind in securing the said Office: That the greatest Careand Diligence have been used, though hit lierto unsuccessfully, to discover the Robbers; and the said

Money

2 Geo. II. — 13°

Money still remaining a Charge upon the Petitioner, he therefore prays the Consideration of the House, and such Relief, as they shall think fit.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, that this same having been humbly laid before his Majesty, his Majesty had been pleased to command him to acquaint this House, that his Majesty gives hisConfent, that this House may do therein, as they think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Refo/ved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

Ordered, That John Grainger, Esquire, do attend the said Committee of the whole House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Thomas Sadler, Esquire, do attend the said Committee of the whole House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. John Lawton do attend the said Committee of the whole House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Cremer do attend the said Committee of the whole House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Walter do attend the said Committee of the whole House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. George Bryers do attend the said Committee of the whole House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That John Robinson do attend the said Committee of the whole House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Thomas Scullhorp do attend the said Committee of the whole House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That John Wilkinson do attend the said Committee of the whole House Tomorrow Morning.

Bricks and A Petition of several Brick-makers and others, con-Tilcs cerned in Building in and about the City of London, and making. parts adjacent, in behalf of themselves and others, was presentecj to the House, and read; setting forth, that by an Act, 12° Geo. Iml, to prevent Abuses in making Bricks and Tiles, and to ascertain the Dimensions thereof, and prevent all unlawful Combinations amongst Brick-makers and Tile-makers, the Petitioners are restrained from mixing any Ashes, commonly called Spanish, with their Earth, and the Size of Bricks are to be made bigger, than formerly; by which Means the Bricks cannot be so well burnt, and fit for Service, as otherwise they might be: That the Petitioners have taken large Quantities of Earth, to make Bricks; and they are well allured, that they can make good Bricks, which will (land a Search of the Bricklayers Company, in same a small Quantity of Sea-coal Ashes might be mixt with the Eartlf, which will render them much better, and more durable for Weather, and more commodious for building, if the Size of Bricks were alfoa little reduced: And praying, that Liberty may be given to use a small Quantity of Sea-coal Ashes in the making of Bricks, and that the Size of Bricks, as required by an Act of the Twelfth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, may be somewhat reduced, which will render them much better, and more durable, and that the Inspection by the Company of Tilers and Bricklayers may be continued.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Brick-makers, Bricklayers, or others, concerned in Building in the City of London, or within Fifteen Miles thereof, presented to the House the Sixth Instant, is referred; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Answer to The Lord Finch reported to the House, that their Ad-

Addrefi. dress of Monday last, humbly to recommend it to his Majesty, that, whenever it shall be necessary to take any foreign Troops into his Majesty's Service, he would be graciously pleased to use his Endeavours, that they be clothed with the Manufactures of Great Britain, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had com-Vol. 21.

Februarii. 219

manded him to acquaint this House, That he shall always have a due Regard for the Support of the Manufactures of this Kingdom.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account, shewing, how the Money, given for the Service of the Year 1728, hath been disposed of, distinguished under the several Heads, until the Third Day of February, 1728, and the Parts thereof remaining unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereupon, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee* that they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Turner also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Committeeof Elections be adjourned. Fririleges.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis> 130 die Februarii j

Anno 2° Georgii IIUi Regis, 1728.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for continuing the Duties upon Supply Bill* Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Duties on Great Britain called England, and for granting to his *« Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-nine, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals; and that the Title be,

An Act for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum,

Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-nine; and for making good the Deficiency of a late Malt Act.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Turner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Report of the Trustees for the So|lli Sca Estates of the late South Sea Directors,£sV. to the Twenty- Company, first of January, 1728, presented to the House the Seventh Instant, be taken into Consideration upon T\tefday Morning next.

A Petition of the several Persons in the Sheriff's Ward Debtors of Dorchester, in the County of Dorset, in behalf of them- Petitions, selves, and several Thousands confined for Debt in other Gaols of this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that by many Losses and Misfortunes the Petitioners are reduced to the greatest Calamities, and hoped, when the last insolvent Act was under the Consideration of the House, it would have extended to their Discharge; but by the Sum of £.100. thereby limited, many of the Petitioners cannot have the Benefit of it, by

reafen

220

13°* — 14 a F

A. 1728.

reason they owe above £. ico. to One Person, yet are as unable to pay their Debts, as those who have the Benefit of the said Act; and if Liberty for a Prisoner may be of any Service to the State ..... And praying the Confi-:T- deration of the House therein.

Debtors A Petition of the poor insolvent Debtors in his Petition. Majesty's Gaol the Castle of York, was presented to the

House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners are confined for final I Debts, and have used all Means to - satisfy their Creditors; but they, instead of complying,

have proceeded to Judgments, which, with Law Charges, have rendered them unable to pay any thing: And praying the Relief of the House, they being willing to surrender up their All for their Liberty.

Ordered, nemine contradicente, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of insolvent Debtors; and that Mr. 'Brown, Sir William Yonge, Mr. Thompson, Colonel Bladen, Mr. Bramston, Mr. Cary, Sir Edward Knalckbull, and Mr. Bertie, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Expiring Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inspect

Laws.* what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion to the House, which of them are fit to be revived, or continued.

And it is referred to Mr. Fane, Sir Wm. Yonge, Sir Charles Turner, Lord Wm. Powlet, Mr. Dodington, Mr. Bacon, Sir Geo. Oxen den, Mr. Scrope, Mr. C/utterhuck, Sir Archibald Grant, Mr. Gybbon, Sir Edmund Bacon, Sir John Eyles, Mr. Haljey, Mr. Kelfall, Mr. Tilfon, Mr. Gibson, Dr. Sayer, Mr. Pringle, Mr. Wither, Mr.

, Brown, Mr. Eafi, Mr. Harrison, Mr. Conduit, Mr.

Jacomb, Mr. Wortley, Mr. Vernon; and all the Gentle-

men of the Long Robe 5 and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Grdered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do inspect the Laws relating to Bankrupts, and consider what Alterations are proper to be made therein.

Supply. &r &iarles Turner (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as follows; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds be granted to his Majesty, towards cancelling and discharging the like Sum in Exchequer Bills, made forth in pursuance of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid to his Majesty of £. jc>o,oooo. towards discharging Wages due to Seamen.

The said Resolution being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Money stolen The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a out of the Committee of the whole House, to consider of the

Exchequer. Petition of William Powlett, Esquire, commonly called Lord William Powlett, one of the Tellers of his Majesty s Exchequer.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Wm. Yonge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Yonge reported from the Committee, that - v the Committee had directed him to move the House,

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making good the Loss, occasioned by a Sum of Money being stolen out of his Majesty's Exchequer in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-four.

And Sir William Yonge moved the House accordingly.

Otdered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for _ making good the Loss, occasioned by a Sum of Money being stolen out of his Majesty's Exchequer in the Year

One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-four; and that Sir Wm. Yonge, Mr. Jacomb, and Mr. Winnington, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V eneris, 140 die Februarii;

Anno 20 Georgii II4! Regis, 1728.

Prayers.

MR. Alderman Barnard reported from the Com- Spittleficlds mittee, toivhom the Petition of the Churchwarden, Church. Constable, Overseers of the Poor, and others, Inhabitants of the Hamlet of Spittlefields, in the Parish of St. Dunstan, Stebunheath, alias Stepney, in the County of Middlesex, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants there, was referred; that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House:

And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Tabie; where the same was read, and is as follows; viz.

That the Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the House, of the 7th Instant, proceeded on the several Matters, mentioned in the said Petition, and examined the following Witnesses; viz.

Henry Carter, Samuel Worrel, Churchwardens; William Majon, Esquire, Mitchell, and William Taylor:

Who severally said, that there is a Church built by the Commissioners for building Fifty new Churches, and a Piece of Ground, 800 Feet long, and 100 Feet broad, inclosed for a Church-yard, in the Centre of the Hamlet of Spittlefields, which have been ready for Consecration a considerable time: That the said Hamlet hath been by the said Commissioners allotted, as a District for a new Parish; and the Inhabitants have f>r many Years pad chose their own Officers, and maintained their Poor among themselves, which are numerous; and that there are near 2,500 Houses in the said Hamlet:

That the Parish Church of Stepney is above a Mile and a half from the said new Church; and although there are Two Tabernacles in the said Hamlet, for Pertormance of divine Service, which are supported by a voluntary Contribution of the Inhabitants, amounting to upwards of £. 200. per Annum, yet all the Inhabitants cannot go to the Tabernacles, they being in a ruinous Condition, and not large enough to contain one Half of those Inhabitants; and one of them is held only for a Term of Years, now near expiring:

That the Inhabitants are obliged to carry their Children to Stepney Church, to be baptized, or pay considerable Fees for the Minister to come home, winch amounts to a very large Sum of Money in the Year; and there being no Burying-place belonging to the said Hamlet, but that at Stepney, the Inhabitants are forced to carry their Dead to be buried there; whereby the Burying-places are very much filled with dead Corpses, inso much, that they arc frequently digged up, before they are mouldered away, to make Way for new Burials: That the Inhabitants of the said Hamlet are at a very great Expence, to the Amount of 2 or £.300.per Annum, in carrying the Burials to the said Church-yard; and the Expence even of their pensionary Poor amounts to a considerable Sum yearly.

The same Witnesses also gave Testimony, that a Pfo-posal wasunanimously agreed at a general down meeting of the said Hamlet, to allow the Minister for the said new Church £. 125. per Annum, to be raised by the Burials, and what they hoped, would be allowed out of the Money, appropriated for endowing the new Churches; and, if the said Sum falls Abort, it was agreed to be made good to such Minister out of publick Moneys, that should be remaining in the Churchwardens Hands; which, with the other Surplice Fees, amounting to upwards of £. 70. per Annum, they conceived, would be a fitting Maintenance for the Minister of such new Church.

Ordered, '

2 Geo. II. 140 — r170 221

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making the Hamlet of Spittlefields, in the Parish of Saint Diinfiatis, Stebunheath, alias Stepney; in the County of Middlesex, a distinct Parish, and for providing a Maintenance for the Minister of such new Parish; and' that Mr. Alderman Barnard and Mr. Alderman Perry do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Lapierrc's, Mr. Cornwall reported from the Committee, to whom &c. Nat. the Bill for naturalizing Peter Lapierre, John Stephen Benezet, Stephen TeiJJtets and Godfrey Sc hr eve, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same :to be tfue; and had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Leave of Ordered, That Mr. Lewis, of Soberton, have Leave

Absence. gQ into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Punishing A Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for Mutiny and the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters, Defer, on- was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of..the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ways The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself

and Mean*. into a Committee of the whole House, to conuder further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, being r^ad j,

Ordered, That the Account of the Money paid into the Exchequer, fr9in the Twenty-ninth Day of September, 1721, to the Twenty-ninth Day of September, 172.8, for the Produce of the Funds, granted in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for raising One million Four hundred thousand Pounds by Lottery, and also an Account of the present annual and other Charges thereon, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of such of the national Debts, incurred before the Twenty-fifth of December, 1716, as are redeemable by Parliament, with thelnterest, or Annuity, attending the fame, and when the same are redeemable, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to consider of the further Application of the Surplusses, Excesses, or overplus Moneys, commonly called the Sinking Fund.

Ordered, That the Surplusses, dated at Lady-day, 1728, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Surplusses, dated at Michaelmas, 1728, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the Hyqfe resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

" Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that v they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same. '

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

' Sir Charles Turner also acquainted the House, that he was.directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

- Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House; to consider' further of Ways and Means for raisingjhe Supply granted to his Majesty.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

|lV vYol. 21.

And then the House adjoqro&T till "Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Lun<ey 170 dk FebrU \

\ i

Anno 20 Georgti IP* Regis, 1728,

Prayers.

AP ETITIO N of several Persons, whose Names are; Debtors thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and, Petition, other poor insolvent Debtors, in the Sheriff's Prifop, or:

Ward, for the County of Devon, was presented to the*

House, and read; setting forth, that through the Ex*q; tremity of their Miseries, and the Severity of their Creditors, they are forced to become Supplicants to the House^ to put them into a Capacity of becoming useful Subjects to their King and Country, by granting them their Liberty, they having no Hopes of obtaining the same from theirs Creditors, to whom they have often offerecPto deliver up all they have, for their Satisfaction: That they are also afflicted with a terrible Distemper, which-l^s, carried off a great many of the Prisoners, to wit, above 50, in a very short time, for want of £ott)tnt6n N^Seffaries; and all those, that remain alive; )must also. p£ri(b'# and starve/unless speedilydelivered from their Irnprifori-ment: And praying that, on delivering up all their Effects to their Creditors, tfiey may be discharged, or that their Creditors may be obliged to maintain them in Prifoa

Ordered, That the said Petitioncfo Ife upon the Table/

An ingrossed BUI. for naturalising Peter Lttpierre,

John Stephen Benezet,: Stephen Tcijfier arid Godfrey.

Schreve, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Tide be*

An Act for naturalizing Peter Lapierre, John Stephen»

Benezet, Stephen TeiJJier, and Godfrey, Sc hr eve. o

Ordered, That Mr. Cornwall dofcarry the Bill to the'

Lords, and desire their Concurrence ‘

A Petition of the Justices of Peace, Gentlemen,1 and* Shepard'*-others, living in, and near, the Highways, lying between Shepard's-shord and Horsley Upright Gate, leading 0 down Bagdon-Hill,'\n the County of Wilts, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was- presented to the House,* and read; setting forth, that by an Act of Parliament/

120 Anna, for repairing the said Roads, fevetal Tolls were granted for 21 Years, which have; been applied for. that Purpose; but the Roads were then so bad, that the Trustees were necessitated to borro.w Money on *be Credit of the Tolls, and there now remains about £. 1,000. due; and yet some Parts of the said Road are in a bad Condition in the Winter Seafori: Therefore, that the Money borrowed may be repaid, and the said Highways effectually repaired, and praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of the late Queen Anne, for repairing the said Highways, for so long Time, and in such Manner, as the House shall think fit'.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Holland, Mr. Townshend, S\t Wm. Yonge, Mr. Cornwall, Colonel Read, Mr. Harvey,

Mr. Bramjfon, Sir John AJlley, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Newland,

Mr. Chetivynd, Sir Richard Lane, Mr. Moreton, Mr.

Halsey, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Monro, Mr. Fane, Mr.

Ongley, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Lewis, Sir Edward Knatch bull. Sir George Oxenden, Mr. Brook/bank, Mr. Longueville,

Mr. Earle, Mr. Brere ton, Mr. Sheppard, Mr. Crfs, Mr.

Ducket, Mr. Andrews, Mr. Heath cote, Mr. Harley, Mr.

Alderman Child, Mr. Orlebar, Mr. Lisle, Major-general Sabine, Mr. Owen, Mr. Towers, Mr. Bowes, Mr. White,

Mr. Serjeant Shephard,"Mr. Williams, Mr. Leveson Gowerr Mr. Conduitt, Mr. Compton, Mr. Digby, Mr. Eyre, Mr.

Gwyn, Mr. Harr if on, Mr. Brown, Mr. Vincent, Mr.

3 K Tucker,

222 17 ° Februarii. . 1728.

3j*bfcr, Mr. Baker i and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Wilts and Somerset: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Per-fous, Papers, and Records.

Privilege. A Complaint being made to the House, that Mr.

Thomas Jufim, Rector of Wanjled, in the County of Essex, William Haddott, John Brooks, and Richard,

have, in a forcible Manner, entered upon Part of the Possessions of the Right honourable Richard Viscount Cafilemain, in the Kingdom of Ireland, a Member of this House, at Wanfied aforesaid, and have cut down a Fence, and committed Spoil there, in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Matter of the said Complaint, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Leave of Ordered, That Edward Esquire, have Leave

Absence. to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

West low Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Writ, the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Buigcls, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Portpigham, alias in the County of Cornwall, in the room of John Willes, Esquire, who, since his Elc&ion for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Chief Justice of

Lichfield, A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Tradesmen,

kd, Road*, and other Inhabitants, of the ancient Market-town of Stone, in the County of Stafford, was presented to the House, and read} letting forth, that the said Town chiefly depends upon the Pod Road from London to Chester; and great Carriages to Manchester, Liverpool, and other trading Towns, patting that Way, the fame, as also the Roads between Lichfield and Stone, are become dangerous to passengers, and almost unpayable, and the Inhabitants are unable to repair the same: And therefore praying, that leave may be given to bring in a Bill to impower Trustees to erect a Turnpike or Turnpikes, and appoint Persons to collect Toll, where most convenient, for the speedy Amendment of the said Roads, and for keeping the same in good Repair.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it Dial! appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Leve/on Gower, Sir John Afitey, Mr. Clutter buck, Mr. Lyfitr, Mr. Harvey, Mr.

Bramfltn, Mr. Willoughby, Mr. , Sir Wm. Yonge,

Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Edwards, Mr. Bond, Sir Charles Wager, Mr. Alderman Child, Mr. Owen, Sir Walter Bagott, Mr. Martin, Mr. Bowles, Mr. Brereton, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Winnington, Mn Foley, Sir Richard Grosvenor, Mr. La con Child, Mr. Bold, Mr. Crosse, Mr. Sambrooke, Mr. Manfell, Mr. Hacks, Mr. Orlebar; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Stafford, Wilts, Chester, Salop, Lancaster, and for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Duties on A Petition of the Merchants of London, whose Names

Wine*, are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselve9, and others. Importers of Wine into the Port of London, was

Sefented to the House, and read; letting forth, that the uties on Wines, imported into the Port of London, are considerahly more than on the like Wines in the Out-ports; which is a Discouragement to the Merchants of London:And praying the Consideration of the House, and that the Wine Trade may be put upon such Terms, that the Merchants may import Wines into the Port of London upon the feme C adorns and Duties, as they may .24

be imported into the Out-ports, or such other Relief as the House shall think lit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Bailiffs, and Citizens, of the City of Lichfield, Lichfield, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the &c- Roadj. Inhabitants of the said City, was prrfemed to the House, and read; setting forth, that the said City is very ancient, and large, and there it little or no Staple Trade, many of the Inhabitants fublilling by Inn-keeping, the Poll Road, from London to Chester lying through the said City; and great Carriages frequently pass and repass through the same to Manchester, and other trading Towns, and of late

Years many travelling Coaches used that Road, which were of great Advantage to the Inhabitants of the said City; but now the Roads between Lichfield and Stone, and Tewnall's Lane, leading from High Bridges to Lich-

field, and the Roads from Lichfield to Pipe Lane, and Shension, and also the Roads between Burton upon Trent and the said City, are become lb very narrow, bad, and ruinous, that Carriages and Coaches cannot pass the fame; which if they were repaired, they would not only be a great Benefit to the said City in particular, but to the Kingdom in general: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for erecting Turnpikes, and collecting a Toll, for repairing the Post Road between Lichfield and Stone, in the County of Stafford, and Tewnall's Lane, leading from High Bridges to Lichfield, and also the Roads froth Lichfield to Pipe Hill, and Shension, and those between Burton upon Trent and Lichfield, which Roads are very ruinous, and almost impassable, and the Inhabitants are unable to repair the lame.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants, of the ancient Market-town of Stone, in the County of Stafford, is referred; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the feme, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

The House being informed, that the Deputy Collector, Spirit* im-and the Deputy Comptroller, of the Customs, attended at the Door, they were called in, and, at the Bar, pre* uu 1 ' fented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of what Duties have been paid at the Custom-house,

London, for foreign Spirits and Brandies, imported from Dunkirk, from the Twenty-fifth of December, 1721, to the Twenty-fifth of December, 1727, distinguishing the Amount of each Year.

And then they withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read-< The said Account feus follows) vise.

An ACCOUNT of 'what Dudes ijave been paid at the Custom-house, London, for 'foreign Spirits and Brandies imported from Dunkirk, from the 25th of December, 1721, to the 25th of Dotember, 1727, diliinguishing, the Amount of eadvYear.

£ r. d.

M 1 r 1721 efl *l?*4 —

thfc 1722 *7*3 6 4 4

g 1 ! 17*3 >w is *7*4 162 2 7*

c cJ \ 724 *7*5 S3 ‘7*5 1726 " t, Q3* 7 642 t 9 4

1*7*6J .1727 - 2,279 12 7*

Custom-house, 15th February, Total £ 4*r* 8 1

Memorandum: There is also paid at the Custom-house' London, to a Collector, a fling under the Committi oners of Ercifc, 3 s.i d. per Gallon, besides the Duties

above-mentioned. ..

E. Rumboid, Sr. G*. Edward Williams, D. & Robert Paulj D. CoK Thomas Caufion, D. Comp'.

Ordered,

2 Geo. II. 170 — 18° Februarli.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Expiring Ordered\ That the Committee, appointed to inspect

Laws. what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion to the House, which of them are fit to be revived, or continued, and who are instructed to inspect the Laws relating to Bankrupts, and consider what Alterations are proper to be made therein, have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, with respect to that Instruction.

Paflano'i Mr. Thomas Bacon presented to the House (according to Order) a Bill for naturalising Petet Pajfano; and the same was received, and read the Firsttime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Wayt Sir Charles Turner (according to Order) reported from aid Means, the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Refutation, they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as follows; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to his Majesty, a Sum, not exceeding One million Two hundred and Fifty thousand Pounds, be raised by Sale of Annuities, not exceeding Fifty thousand Pounds per Annum, being after the Rate of Four Pounds per Cent, per Annum, redeemable by Parliament, to be charged on the Surplus of the Moneys, arising into the Exchequer from the Duties or Impositkms, granted to her late Majesty Queen Anne for a Term of Thirty-two Years, from the Second Day'Of AuguJiy 1714, by an Act of the Twelfth Year of her said late Majesty's Reign, for railing One million Four hundred thousand Pounds by Way of a Lottery, and since made perpetual.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

And the House being moved, that the 6thSeftion of the Act, 6° Georgii, cap. 4th, relating to the Sinking Fund, might be read;

The same was read accordingly.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, a Sum, not exceeding One million Two hundred and Fifty thousand Pounds, be raised by Sale of Annuities, not exceeding Fifty thousand Pounds per Annum, being after the Rate of Four Pounds per Cent, per Annum> redeemable by Parliament, to be charged on the Surplus of the Moneys, arising into the Exchequer from the Duties or Impositions, granted to her late Majesty Queen Anne, fora Term of Thirty-two Years, from the Second Day of August, 1714, by an Act of the Twelfth Year of her said late Majesty's Reign (for raising One million Four hundred thousand Pounds by Way of a Lottery) and since made perpetual.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution; and that Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir George Oxenden, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Dodington, Sir Wm. Yonge, Mr. Scrope, Mr. Jacomb, Mr. Til/on, and Mr. Keif ally do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Ditto. The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when this House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Vq v. 21.

Sir Charles Turner ilfo acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this Hfoufe will, upon Friday Morn- Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do Issue his Warrant to the Warehmp Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Writ/ etefting a Burgess, to serve in this prefertt Parliament for the Borough of IVouhami in the County of Dorfit, in the room of Sir Edward ErHley Baronet, deceased.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mar thy 18° die Fe&ruarii;

Anno a° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1728.

Praties.

APETITIO N of the poof miserable, and distressed Debtors Bankrupts, who have not obtained their Certificates, Petition, and am now confined in tho King's Bench and Frifons,

in behalf of themselves, and other Bankrupts irt the several Gaols of this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that they have surrendered up all their Effects, and in all Things conformed themselves to the Statures relating to Bankrupts, but cannot be discharged without the Concurrence of Four Parts in Five in Number and Value of their Creditors: That many of the Petitioners, who became Bankrupts in his late Majesty's Reign, cannot have Certificates, Unless the Commissions are renewed, the Expence of which they afe unable to pay: And therefore praying the Compafitdfr of the House as to insolvent Debtors, and such Relief as the House shall think fk.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Bertie reported from the Committee, to whom Shoreditch, the Petition of the Trustees appointed by an Act of *c. Hoad#. Parliament for amending the Highway or Roads from Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, to the furthermost Part of Enfieldy was referred; that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

That the Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House of the 5th Instant, have examined the Matter of the said Petition, and the Allegations thereof; and, in order to prove the fame, examined Thomas Cooke, Esquire, and John Freame; who said, that, since the passing of the several Acts of Parliament for repairing the said Roads (above Twelve Miles in Length) the Trustees, appointed to put the said Acts in Execution, have laid out all the Money arising by the Tolls, as they were impowered and directed to do.

That the Petitioners laid before the Committee an Account of what was now owing upon the Credit of the Turnpike; whereby it appeared, that the Sum of £3*030* was due thereupon; which if the Trustees should pay off, as Money should arise by the Profits of the Turnpike, the Roads would, inevitably become very bad again, the Inhabitants of the several Parishes, through which the same lead, being not able, by the ordinary Course appointed by the Laws now in Force, for amending the Highways of tills Kingdom, effectually to amend the said Roads.

That

22a. i$° Februarii. A\ 1728.

That the federal Accounts, relating to the said Roads, were laid before the Committee; and it appeared to them, that great Care had been taken by the Trustees to repair the Roads; but the same cannot be effectually amended, and so kept, for the Accommodation of Travellers, without the Term, granted by the former Act, be further enlarged, and the Acts made more effectual.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making more effectual the Acts passed for repairing the . Road from the Stones End in Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, to the furthermost Part of the Northern Road in the Parish of Enfield, in the same County, next to the Parish of Cheshunt, in the County of Hertford; and that Mr. Bertie, Mr. Alderman Child, and Mr. Gay, do . prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Money stolen Sir Wm. Yonge presented to the House (according to out of che Order) a Bill for making good the Lois, occasioned by a Exchequer. a sum Qj* Money being stolen out of his Majesty's Exchequer in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-four; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Thomas Bennet and Mr. Elde:

Mr. Speaker,

Supply Bill; The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

Duties on for continuing the Duties on Malt, Mum/ Cyder, and Male, Sec. Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-nine; and for making good the Deficiency of a late Malt Act; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Wap Sir Charles Turner (according to Order) reported from and Means, the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution, they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as follows; VIZ.

‘ - :i . \ 1: t ' ‘

tt i

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards railing the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Sum of Three Shillings in the Pound, and no more, be raised in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-nine, upon Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments,

Pensions, Offices, and personal Estates, in that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and that a proportionable Eels, according to the Ninth Article of the Treaty of Union, be laid upon that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution; and that Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir George Oxenden, Mr. Dodington,

Mr. Clayton, Mr. Scrope, Mr. Tilfon, and Mr. Kelfall, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, South Set That the Court of Directors of the South Sea Company Company* do lay before this House, an Account of all Demands, with the Value, or Estimate, thereof, which the Company has, since the Year 1717, had upon the Spaniards, for Seizures made by them of Ships, or other Effects, of the said Company, together with an Account of what Sacisfaction has been made to the Company for the" said Losses, and how much of the same still remains'

unfat isfie4s , r;

It palfed in the Negative.

Mr. Byng presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of what Money has been received in the^mpden's Office of the Treasurer of his Majesty's Navy, since the Debt. Twenty-third of Octobery 1720, on Account of the-Debt; due from Richard Hampden, Esquire; and also,

An Account of what Money has been ordered, by Navy the Right honourable the Lords of the Treasury, and Services, received by the Treasurer of the Navy, for any Services of the Navy, from the Thirty-first: of December, 1727, to the Thirty-first of December, 1728.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as follows; viz.

J: i

"Treasury

g

q'

n'

Q.

cr

<J 13th February 1728 An A C C O UNT of what Money has been received in t^e Office of the Treasurer of his Majesty's Navy, since the 23d Octobery 1720,

<2 / " the Debt, due from Richard Hampden, Esquire, late Treasurer of the Navy, distinguishing the Times when the same was received,

which it was applied: Prepared in pursuance of an Order from the honourable House of Commons, dated 12th February 1728.

40

on Account of and the Services to

O

w

o

From the Exchequer.

to Time when received.

12 JNovember, 1720 - - - *.

26 D° .

19 December

24 January* -

7 February - - - - . -

4i D° -- . .....

47 Marche 1721 - . . - -

13 April -

19 May

9 June - -

2 5 ----- ----- - - -

29 September -

25 October -....

7 November ——

30 3W, 1722 ——

September 1723

31 March, 1724 -

H 3^7 ----- - -....

2 December

*D % 1728 ——

Sum received. \

X d.

7,800 — -

53426 1 3

63,773 18 9

4,092 2 7*

7,800 — —

6,009 2 2

15,098 IjJ 24

9,400 — —

999 1 3

282 7 7

15,300 — —

55>°44 *2 10

26,313 7 2

58,342 — — "

19,06419 —

10,350 — —

i,o,s 7 1i

67716 —

18718

14,143 *5 —

Applied <0 <he several Services:

Wear and Tear, and Ordinary.

X

7.800 — - 3,926 I 63,773 >8

3»371 3

7.800 — -

i. </.

3

9

ai

4,000 ——

1,23'

677 16 — 187 18 2i

14,143 »s —

369,321 4

Wages -Victuals

2i

X

106,911 >5 7

246,871 7 1

15.538 1 5

Wages.

X f-

49,500 ——

720 19 5

6,009 2 2

6,098 15 2:

9,400 — —

999 1 3

15,300 ——

44,788 19 — 26,313 7 2

58>342 ——

17,833 9

10,550 ——

1,015 7 H

46,871 7 1

Viftyals.

9,000 —

282 7

6,255 >3

*5>538 1 5

369,321 4 24I

TOTAL

applied

X

7,800 t

53,426 I 3

63,773 18 9

4,092 2 7i

7,800 — —

6,009 2 2

15,098 l5 2£

9,400 — —

999 1 3 00

282 7 7 0

15.30°

55,0 44 26,313 12 7 10 2 ^v1

58,342 — — si

19,064 *9 —

10,550 — —

1,015 7

677 16 —

187 18 2 §

I4»i43 l5 ——

369,321 4 2*

ft

n

3

The Total of this Account amounts to the Sum of Th»ee hundred Sixty-nine thousand Th*ee hundred Twenty-one Pounds, Four Shillings, and Two Pence Farthing-

, Byng.

ks>

tn

CD

o

c§

nT

Treasury Office of the Navy,7 13th February, 1728. J

l N ACCOUNT of what Money has been ordered by the Right honourable the Lords of the Treasury, and received by the Treasurer of his Majesty's Navy, for any Services of the Navy, from 31 December, 1727, to 31 December, 1728, distinguishing the Times when the same was received, and the Services to which it was applied: Prepared in pursuance of an Order from the honourable the House of Commons, dated 12 February, 1728.

From the Exchequer.

Time when received.

24 Feb.172 5-jo Afar. ;i 728 20 April

6 May *' 27 D* ' ' -29 D*

7 June

14 D'-19 D°- -

26 D*-

17 July 24 D*-

3 August -7 D°-

29 D* -

4 Sept. n D°-

2 on.

9 D* - -

14 D‘-

16 D*-

29 November 2 December 16 D°-

Sum.

£ * 248,371 7.

28,750 — —

i45»6S4 3 5 76,724 15 —

28,917 9. 7t

58,104 15 4i

3,coo ——

21,000 — —

23,51° ——

43,366 —

21,387 —

508,228 — . —

25,464 ——

60,342 — 36,894 ——

8.000 — . — 3>456 — "

.*4,125 — — 56,758 12 6i-

8,238 7 5-r

22,887 ——

14,893 ——

4.000 -

188,336 1 10

1,660,447 12 3

Wages -Victuals -Unapplied

Applied to the several Services: f 1

Wear and Tear, and !

Ordinary. Wages. Visuals.

£. d. . £ s. £. s. d.

102,376 18 4 128,695 8 8 M; so vo 1 I

- 28,750

7,600 — — I32,°54 3 5 6,000

5,000 71,724 15 — -

| 300 86,722 5 — . 1

3,000 - -

. 21,000 — — -

5,000 ' *6,55° 2,000 — —

11,650 — — 30,716 1,000

21,387 - -

329,053 . 2,500 176,675

15,000 — — 10,464 — — — ®*

60,342 - -

- 36,894 -

1 1 0 0 0 5,000 - -

- *3,456

*3,*55 — 97°. ! ">

1 - - - 62,997 2,000

j. 22,887 - -

- - 14,893 - -

3,000 — - 1,000

67, *75 — — 00 0 1 1 9,997

565,309 18 4 hQA TO T 786,372 X2 I 215,971

730,372 12 1

215,971

92,794 1 10

*,660,447 12 3 1

TOTAL,

Applied.

£ d.

248,37* 7 —

28,750; — —

*45,654 3 5

76,724 15 — 87,022 5 —

3.000 — —

21,000 ——

*3,55° — —

43,366 ——

21,387 ——

508,228 — — 25,464 — — 60,242 — —

36,894 ——

8.000 ——

*3,456 ——

14,125 — —

64,997 ——

22,887 ——

*4,893 ——

4.000 ——

95,542 ——

1,567,653 10 5

92,794 1 10

1,660,447 12 3

a

Unapplied.

f. d.

92,794 i 10

92,794 1 10

The Total of this Account amounts to the Sum of One million Six hundred and Sixty thousand Four hundred Forty-leven Pounds, Twelve Shillings, and Three Pence.

Police Byng.

2 26 18° Februarii. A. 1728.

0 Februari

2 Geo. II. 18° — 19

22J

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Privilege; A Complaint being made to the House of a printed Publication Phamphlet, intituled, " The Gloucester Journal; with the cecdines c< m0^ mater^a^ Occurrences, foreign and domestic: " Tuesday, February nth, 1729: Gloucester: Printed " by R. Raikes Wherein the Proceedings of this House are printed, in Contempt of the Order, and in Breach of the Privilege, of this House:

The said Phamplet was delivered in at the Table, and a Paragraph therein was read.

Ordered, That the said R. Raikes do attend this House upon this Day Fortnight.

Land Tax Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this Arrears. House, an Account of what Arrears of former Land Taxes are now remaining in the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer.

South Sea The House proceeded (according to Order) to take Company. into Consideration the Report of the Trustees for the Estates of the late South Sea Directors, £*fc. to the Twen-first of January, 1728.

And the Report was read. —

Jloyal Aftnt A MefTage from his Majesty, by Sir Charles Dalton, to Bills. Gentleman-usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend his Majesty immediately in the House of Peers:

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty in the House of Perrs:

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, that the House had attended his Majesty in the House of Peers; and that his Majesty had been pleased to give the Royal Assent to One publick Bill, and Ope private Bill, following; viz.

An Act for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in fhat Part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-nine; and for making good the Deficiency or a late Malt Act:

An Act to naturalize jVeter Frere Brotherjon.

South Sea Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Company. discharge the Trustees, appointed by an Act of the Seventh Year of his late Majesty's Reign, for raising Money upon the Estates of the late Directors of the South Sea Company, and others, of their Trust, and to vest in ti e said Company such of the Estates and Effects, which were vested in the said Trustees, as remain undisposed of, as also the Produce of such Estates and Effects, as have been dil'posed of by the said Trustees; and that Mr. Gybbon, Mr. GI anvil I, and Mr. Jacomb, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Report of the Trustees for the Estates of the late South Sea Directors, to the

Twenty-first of January, 1728, presented to the House the Seventh Day of this instant February, be printed; and (hat Mr. Speaker do appoint the printing thereof; and that no Person, but such, as he shall appoint, do presume to print the fame.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Pimishing Resolved, That this House will, upon 'thursday Mom-Mutiny and ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Defenion. House, upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Dersertion, and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Yol. 21.

Mercurii, 190 die Februarii;

Anno 20 Georgii IF1 Regis, 1728.

r

PRA ERS.

c!*£A ME S Passano took the Oaths appointed, in order J to his Naturalization.

Mr. Alderman Perry reported from the Committee* to Wiping whom the Petition of the Churchwarden, Constable, new Church. Overseers of the Poor, and other ancient and principal Inhabitants, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants, of the Hamlet of Wrapping, Stepney, in the County of Middlesex, was referred; that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; where same was read, and is as follows; viz.

That the Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the House, bearing Date the 12th Instant, proceeded on the several Matters, mentioned in the said Petition, and examined the following Witnesses; viz.

Samuel Cow per, Overseer; Henry Rayne and John King, Gentlemen: Who, being severally examined, said, that there is a Church built by the Commissioners for building 50 new Churches, and a Piece of Ground, 600 Feet long, and 200 Feet broad, inclosed for a Churchyard, in the Centre of the Hamlet of Wapping (Stepney) which have been ready for Consecration a considerable Time:

That the said Hamlet hath been by the said Commissioners allotted as a District for a new Parish; and the Inhabitants have, for many Years past, chose their own Officers, and maintained their Poor among themselves, which are numerous ;and that there are upwards of 2,500 Houses in the said Hamlet:

That the Parish Church of Stepney is a Mile and half distant from the said new Church; and that there is no Chapel, or Tabernacle, for Performance of divine Service in this Hamlet; and that the Inhabitants of the Parish are so very populous, that the said Parish Church will not hold a Fiftieth Part of the Inhabitants of the Parish:

That the Inhabitants are obliged to carry their Children to Stepney Church, to be baptized, or pay considerable Fees, for the Minister to come home, which amounts to very large Sums of Money in the Year; and, there being no Burying-place belonging to the said Hamlet, but that at Stepney, they are under a Necessity of carrying their Dead to be buried there; which is very much filled with dead Corpses, and are frequently dug up, before they are mouldered away, to make room for new Burials; and the Inhabitants are at upwards of £. 200. per Annum Expence upon account of the said Burials.

The same Witnesses also gave Testimony, that a Fro-posal was made, and unanimously agreed to, at a publick Meeting of the said Hamlet, to allow the Minister of the said new Church f. 100. per Annum, to be raised by the Burials, and also what, they hoped, would be given out of the Money, appropriated for endowing the new Churches; and, if the said Sum falls short, it was agreed to be made good to such Minister out of the publick Moneys, that should be remaining in the Churchwardens Hands; which, with the other Surplice Fees, amounting to upwards of £. 70. per Annum, they conceived, would be a fitting Maintenance for the Minister of the said new Church.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring a Bill for making the Hamlet of Wrapping, Stepney, in the Parish of Saint Dunstan Stebunheath, alias Stepney, in the County of Middlesex, a distinct Parish, and for providing a Maintenance for the Minister of the new Church there; and that Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. Brereton, Mr.

Alderman Child, and Mr. Bertie, do prepare, and bring m, the fame.

Mr.

328 19° Februarii. 1728.

Shepards- Mr. reported from the Committee, to whom

fbord, &c. the Petition of the Justices of Peace, Gentlemen, and

Hoads. others, living in, and near the Highways, lying between Shepards-shord and Horfiey-upright Gate, leading down Bagdon Hill, in the County of Wilts, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; that the Commirtee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as follows; viz.

That the Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, proceeded to examine the Matter of the said Petition:

And, to prove the Allegations of the fame, the Petitioners first laid before the Committee an Act, passed in the Parliament, holden in the nth Year of her late Majesty's Reign, whereby several Tolls and Duties were granted, for repairing the said Highways; which Act was to continue in force for the Term of 21 Years, from the palTing thereof.

And then the Petitioners called Mr. Anthony Brooks; who, being examined, said, that at the Time the said Act passed, the Highways, thereby directed to be repaired, were so very bad, a considerable Sum of Money was laid out, in order to make the same passable in all Parts.

And then he produced to, and laid before, the Committee, the Accounts of what Money had been collected, and paid, by virtue of the said Act; which Accounts appear to be reeuiarly passed according to the Directions of the said Act.

That it appeared to the Committee, that there is {till due on the Credit of the said Act the Sum of £. 1,000. or thereabouts, carrying Interest; and the Income of the Toll amounts to no more than £. 155. per Annum; so, if the Toll should be applied towards discharging the said Debt, little or nothing could be laid out, during the Continuance of the Act, in repairing the Roads.

That the same Witness gave Evidence, that gteat Care had been taken to amend the said Roads; and that the Statute-work had been done by the Inhabitants of such of the Parishes, as lie therein; notwithstanding which, many Parts of the Highways continue bad:

That it will be very expensive to repair the Roads, proper Materials for amending the same, lying at a great Distance from the said Roads: And he also said, that in the Winter Season Bagdon Hill, Part of the said Road directed to be repaired, is' so bad, that Coaches and Waggons cannot get up the fame, without some Assistance; which is chargeable to the Owners and Drivers thereof.

That it also appeared to the Committee, that the said Highways cannot be effectually repaired, and so kept, for the Accommodation of Travellers, without the Term, so granted, as aforesaid, be enlarged, and the Act made more effectual.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term granted by an Act, passed in the Parliament, holden in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of the late Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for repairing " the Highways between Shepards-shord and Horsley-€t upright Gate, leading down Bagdon Hill, in the " County of Wilts, and other ruinous Parts of Highways thereunto adjacent," and for making the said Act more effectual; and that Mr. Holland, Sir Richard Lane, Mr. Duckett, Mr. Heathcote, and Mr. Andrews, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Supply Bill; Sir Charles 'Turner presented to the House (according

Land Tax. to Order) a Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thoulandSeven hundred and Twenty-nine; and the same was received, and read the First time. Resolved, That die Bill be read a Second time.

Lichfield, Mr.' Le*vefon Gower reported from the Committee,

*c. Roads, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders,

Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants, of the ancient Market Town of Stone, in the County of Stafford, as also the Petition of the Bailiffs, and Citizens, of the City of Lichfield\ in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said City, were referred; that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Tabic; where the same was read, and is as follows; viz.

That the Committee, pursuant to the Orders of the House, have proceeded on the Matter of the said Petitions, and the Allegations thereof; and, in order to prove the fame, examined Witnesses; viz.

Mr. Robert Barbor; who said, that he is well acquainted with the Road between Canna/ls Gate and the Tow a of Stone, mentioned in the first Petition; and that in many Places the same is worn very deep with heavy Carriages; and, although large Sums of Money have been laid out, by Contribution, for the repairing the said Road, and the Statute-wwk constantly done, yet that has not been sufficient to put, and keep, the same in Repair:

Tha|t iiy several Places between Cannalls Gate and Stone, and at Darlajton, about a Mile from thence, there are several hollow Ways, which render such Parts of the Road impassable, when any Quantity of Snow falls; and, for that lieafon many Coaches, usually travelling that Way, have left (he Road, and Post-boys with Packets have not been able to pass:

That many Inhabitants in that Part of the Country in a great measure depend upon Travellers.

Mr. Theophilus Levet said, that the Road between Lichfield and Stone are very bad, and, there being lb many deep Hollows therein, the Statute-work is not sufficient to repair the fame; and that, in the Time of deep Snows, he has known several Post-boys fall into those Hollows, whereby, and by meeting with Carriages therein, they have been greatly delayed: t

That the Road from Lichfield, through Tezvno.lt r Lane, to High bridge, about Four Miles from Lichfield, is so bad, that it is almost impassable for Carriages in the Winter Season; and that, by reason of the Badneis of the Road, the Corn, grown in such Part of the County, as usually supplied the City of Lichfield, cannot, without great Difficulty, be brought thither, and therefore the same is carried to other Markets:

That the Roads, leading from Lichfield, off Ogley-hay and Wood-End, in the Parish of Shenfton, and also the Roads from Lichfield to Burton upon Trent, are very ruinous, and icarce passable in the Winter Sealon, although the Statute-work hath been constantly done, and near £.100. within Five Years last past hath been raised by voluntary Contributions, and laid out in such Parts of the Road, as leads from Lichfield to Burton; yet the same has proved in effectual towards putting the said Road in Repair:

That, if the said Roads were put into good Repair, there would be an easy Communication by Land Carriage between the Two navigable Rivers of Severn and Trent, to the great Benefit of the Trade, of the Kingdom in general.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Roads, leading from Cannalls Gate to the City of Lichfield, and from the said City to Stone, and from thence to Swinnerton Heath, and also from Burton upon Trent to the said City, and from thence to Wood-end and Ogley-hay, and also from the said City to High Bridges, in the County of Stafford, and County of the City of Lichfield*, and that Mr. Leveson Gozver, Mr. John Chetwynd, Mr. Baptist Leve/on Gower, Mr. Pturner, Sir Walter Bagot, Mr. Walter Chetwynd, and Mr. Ward, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the insolvent Debtors in the County Gaol of Coventry, in behalf of themselves, and the many thousand Debtors, imprisoned in the several Gaols of this Kingdom, waspresented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Miseries, they labour under, are almost inexpref-

fible.

Debtors

Petition.

2 Geo. II, 190 Febr 229

fible, inso much that Death itself is more preferable, than a lingering starving Life in Prison, they having spent that little Substance they had, when first imprisoned, for their Subsistence, which they would willingly have given to their hard-hearted Creditors, towards Satisfaction of their Debts; but they would not accept of the fame: That this Prison, and, as the Petitioners are informed, all the Gaols in England\ are now fuller, than ever, of poor Debtors; and all the insolvent Acts, lately passed, have been limited with such Restrictions, that those, who have been the most considerable Dealers to the Publick, could not have the Benefit thereof: And praying, that some Expedient may be found out, for making those Hands useful to the Publick, who, with their Families, are, or soon will be, a Burthen by their Confinement, the Petitioners being willing to deliver up all their Effects to their Creditors, for their Discharge, or that they may have such other Relief, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Merchant2 A Petition several Merchants and Traders of the Seamen* City of London, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and other Merchants and Traders of the said City, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Trade of the Kingdom has of late Years very much suffered, for want of a due Regulation of Seamen in the Merchants Service; which Regulation will increase and encourage Seamen in general, and greatly tend to the Preservation and Improvement of the Trade and Navigation of the Kingdom; And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the better Regulation and Government of such Seamen, as shall from time to time enter into the Service of the Merchants and Traders of this Kingdom.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Barnard, Mr. Morice, Sir Charles Wager, Sir John Norris, Mr. Scrope, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Byng, Mr. Metcalfe, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Clutter buck. Lord Wm. Powlett, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Cross, Mr. Norris, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Drummond, Sir Geo. Saunders, Sir Geo. Oxen den. Dr. Sayer, Mr. Ward, Mr. Trenchard, Mr. Page, Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. Lewen, Mr. Fane, Mr. Vincent, Sir Thomas Lee, Mr. Serjeant Birch, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Conduitt, Mr. Sandys, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Kelfall, Mr. Williams, Sir Edward Knatchbull, Mr. Jacomb, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Tilfon, Sir Adolphus Oughton, Mr. Oglethorpe, Lord Lewisham, Sir Richard Lane, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Shephard, Mr. Bevan, Sir John Hind Cotton, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Cary, Mr. Walcott, Mr. York, Lord Morpeth, Mr. Bramston, Mr. Alderman Child, Mr. Chetwynd, Sir Richard Grosvenor: And all, that come, are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Waterbeach A Petition of the Land-owners, and Proprietors of Drainage. Lands, and Fen Grounds, of the several Townships of Waterbeach and Wicken, in the County of Cambridge, and also of Stretham and Thetford, in the isle of Ely, in the said County of Cambridge, called Waterbeach Level, and the Commoners, and such who have Right of Common in the Townships aforesaid, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and all other the Owners and Proprietors of the said Lands, lying in the said Townships, or such Part thereof, as aforesaid, and other the said Commoners, was presented to the House, and read setting forth, that the Lands in the said Level, containing 4,500 Acres, have formerly yielded great Benefit, but, for Seven Years last, have been so often drowned, and surrounded with Waters, that the same have yielded little or no Profit; and the Owners cannot drain the fame, for want of convenient Outfalls, to Vol. 21.

discharge the Waters into the common Rivers, and from thence into the Sea: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for draining the said Level, called Waterbeach Level, in such Manner, as the House shall rhink fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr Bacon, Mr. Sheppard, Sir John Hind Cotton, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Winnington, Mr.

Bold, Sir Thomas Frankland, Mr. Geers, Mr. Harley,

Mr. Ward, Lord Wm. Poivlett, Mr. Harvey, Mr.

Papillon, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Tufnell, Sir Wilfrid Lawson, Sir Edward Knatchbull, Mr. Plumer, Lord Mick let hzvaite, Mr. Br ere ton. Sir Edmund Bacon, Lord Charles Cavendish, Mr. Williams. Mr. Scrope, Sir Wm.

Strickland, Mr. Lazvfon, Mr. Bramston, Mr. Fenwick,

Mr. Alderman Barnard, Dr. Sayer, Mr. Brooksbank, Mr.

Duckett, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Leveson Gower,

Lord Lewisham, Mr. Edwards, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Jacomb,

Mr. Harrison, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Kef all, Mr. Tison,

Sir Tho. Saunderson, jMr. Vyner, Mr. Bigg, Mr. Townshend,

Mr. Worthy, Mr. Wyndham, Sir Jermyn Davers, Mr.

Sandys, Mr. Bond, Mr. Oglethorpe, Mr. Waller, Sir Richard Lane, Mr. Alderman Child, Mr. Bertie, Mr.

Orlebar, Sir John Act ley, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Compton,

General Sabine, Mr. Newland, Mr. Longueville, Mr.

Cornwallis, Mr. Finch, Mr. North, Mr. Pacey, Colonel Norton, Mr. Page, Mr. Thompson, Sir Thomas Sebright,

Mr. Cafar, Mr. Shippen, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr.

Foley, Mr. AUington; and all the Members, that serve for the (Counties of Cambridge, Huntingdon, Norfolk,

Suffolk, and Lincoln: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and they have Power to fend for Persons,

Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That it be referred to a Committee, to con- Greenwich fider of the Establishment of Greenwich Hospital. Hospital.

A Motion being made, and the Question put, That the said Committee be a Committee of the whole House;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee,

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do confiaer of Methods for increasing the Revenue of Greenwich Hospital.

Mr. Conduit reported from the Committee, to whom Westminster the Petition of several Persons, whose Names are there- Streets, unto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many others, inhabiting in the City of Westminster, and the Liberties thereof, and the Parts thereunto adjoining, was referred;

That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, together with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Tabic; where the same was read; and the Report, and Resolutions of the Committee, arc as follows; viz.

That the Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, have examined the Matter of the said Petition, and the Allegations thereof; and, in order to prove the fame, examined the following Witnesses; viz.

Christian Cole, Esquire, one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, said, that the Streets are in a very dirty and ruinous Condition, for 3 M want

h Coogk

230

19* — 20° Februarii. 1728.

want of being better paved and cleaned: That if the Laws now in being, for paving the Streets, were put in Execution, the same would not be sufficient to keep them well paved, because the present Laws do not limit the Inhabitants, either as to Materials, or the Time of paving, or the observing a due Level: '

The several Kennels are very deep, and dangerous, and cannot be altered, but by paving a whole Street at once; which cannot be done by the Laws in being:

That there are at present Three different Jurisdictions relating to the paving and cleansing the Streets; the Crown Office, the justices of the Peace, and the Borough Court of Westminster: That the Justices of the Peace had gone in a Body, and viewed several Streets, and lined the Inhabitants, bjut could not cause the Pavements effectually to be amended:

That it is a cctptoon Custom for an Inhabitant, after his Door is new paved, to agree with a Paviour for the keeping his Pavenfent in Repair; and indemnifying him from all Fines, for Seven Years, for Four Pence for each Yard Square per Annum/:

That, if the Streets wefe to be paved by Persons, not employed by they Proprietors of the Water-works, it would hinder the bad Pavements, which frequently happen by mending and laying down frefti Pipes, which are/generally laid too near the Surface of the Street Humphry Thayer, Esquire, et at.* severally said, that the Streets are very badly paved and cleansed; and that the Laws, now in being, are mot sufficient for the well paving and cleansing the fame:‘That the using bad Materials, and not observing a due Level, is the main Qaufeof the badnest of the paving of the Streets; and that there is no Law now in force, to oblige the Inhabitants to observQ a due Level:

That the Proprietors of the Water-works lay down the Pavement, broke up by them, with any Rubbish, instead of Gravel: That, where the Ground.is wet, by the ouzing of their Pipes, they pave upon the wet G«ound, which gives way, and causes Holes in tire Pavemdnt; and that the Paviours, employed by the Proprietors of the Water-works, fed, they could not afford to pave the Streets for what the Proprietors paid them, if they did not know, it would be necessary to new-pave again in a short Time, and that they should be paved over.again:

That in sortie Streets the Inhabitants.are obliged to hire Persons to cleanse the Streets . at an extraordinary Price* over and above the Scavengers Rates; and that the Money, raised for the Scavengers, is not duly applied, nor accounted for,

The" Allegations of the Petition having been fully proved, the Committee came to the following Resolutions; v/z.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That one Cause of the Badness of the Pavement of the Streets is the not observing a due Level.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this'Committee, That one other Cause of the present ill Condition of the Streets arises from the Badness of the Materials, and ill Porting of the fame.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That one other Cause of the ill Condition of the Pave-,ment of the Streets is the breaking up, and repairing, the same in an improper and unworkmanlike Manner by the Proprietors of the several Water-works, v Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning, and nothing to intervene.

And tb£n the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 2o° die Februarii;

Anno 2* Georgii IP* Regis, 1728.,

Prayers.

M R, Alderman Child reported from the Committee, Bricks and to whom the Petition of several Persons, whose Tilesmaking. Names are thereunto subscribed, being Brick-makers,

Bricklayers, or others concerned in building, in the City of London, or within Fifteen Miles thereof, and also the Petition of the Master and Wardens of the Company of Tilers and Bricklayers of the City of London, in behalf of the said Company, and also the Petition of several Brick-makers, and others, concerned in Building in and about the City of London, and Parts adjacent, in behalf of themselvrt, and others; were referred, that the Committee' had examined the Matter of the said Petitions, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, together with the Resolution of the Committee thereupon, to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read; and the Report, and Resolution of tile Committee, are as follows; viz.

That the Committee have examined the Matter of the said several Petitions, and have heard Counsel, ant} examined Witnesses, thereupon.

Upon the first-mentioned Petition, the following Witnesses were examined, viz.

Henry Cock, Brick maker; who said, that he had, since the Act, of the 12th Year of his late Majesty', paid a Fine of Five Pounds to the said Company of Tilers and Bricklayers, imposed upon him by them, for burning Ten thousand Bricks, made before that Ad:

That he also paid another Fine of Twelve Pounds, imposed upon him by the Company, for making Bricky with Spanish, although they were made pursuant to a Contract with a Gentleman; but owned, 'he disposed of some of them for his own Use:

That he gave a Note for Four Guineas to Holmes, one of the Wardens, for his Favour, in order to mitigate the last mentioned Fine to Twelve Pounds; but he confessed, . the Note was given without the Knowledge of the Master and the other Warden.

Robert Tmfiall, Brick-maker, said, that the Master and Wardens of the Company fined him Thirty-five Pounds, for making Thirty dive thousand Bricks mixed with Spanish; which Fine was afterwards mitigated to Ten Pounds, which he paid.

Mr. Thomas IVaxam, Brick-maker, said, that he made his Bricks conformable to the Directions of the late Ad'; and finding his Trade decrease, and his Neighbours Trade increase, in regard they could undersell him, because of their mixing Spanish with their Earth, he informed iheMasterand Wardens of the Company thereof, and desired them to put the Ad in Execution; where to the Master, and Holmes, then one of the Wardens, replied, very shortly. That he might make such Bricks too, if he would do as other People did; and that, if he would trust to the Honour of the Company* they would be easy in the Fines.

He confessed, that Bricks, made with Spanish, can be afforded much cheaper, than without, are better, and are burnt with less Charge.

John James, Bricklayer, said, that since the late Ad Contracts are frequently made for making Bricks with Spanish, contrary to the Ad; for which some small Fines have been imposed on some by the Company, as will be to the Ruin of the fair Traders, if a Stop be not put to the Partiality of the Company therein.;

Arthur Bilbey, Brick-maker, said, that since the late Ad he had made Bricks with Spanish, and for some of which he had been fined Twelve Pounds by the Master and Wardens; but that they afterwards told him, that Bricks were the better for Spanish, and, as Bricks, were Very much wanted, they would indulge him in the Use of it, to serve the Town.

Whittlesey

Drainage.

2 Geo. II.

% *f>Fel?ntarU? o

It appeared by the Company's Books, that (eVeiM Fines had been set, and mitigated as follow; viz*

October 28th, 1728:

Arthur Biibey fined £. 139. mitigated| '2i — '

Richard Waterman fined £. 74. miti- V

gated to - - - -) $

Henry Cock fined £. jo. mitigated to - 12 ——

Thomas Mai/and fined£. 125. mitigated 7 , —

> to 25 > ,

Upon the last mentioned Petition the following Wic-neifes were examined; viz.

Thomas Fox and John Morrice, Brick-makers,; who said, that, if Twenty Loads of Sea-coal Ashes were allowed to be mixed in the making of One hundred thoudmd Bricks, the Bricks would be of more Service, than they would be without such Ashes:

And that, if the Size of Bricks, required by the said late. Act, was reduced to Eight Inches Three? Quarters long, and Four Inches broad, and Two Inches and a half thick, they would be more serviceable, and could be afforded cheaper, and be burnt with much less Charge, than those of the Dimensions prescribed by the said Act.

Francis Brewit and John Ford, Bricklayers, said, that better Bricks were made before the late Act, than since: That lessening the Size of Bricks from the Standard of that Act: may make them less serviceable in repairing old Buildings, but will in other Helpers j make Bricks more serviceable in the general; and* that the bell Bricks are made with some Spanish.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Petitioriers; the Brick-makers, and Bricklayers, having proved the Allegations of the first Petition, and also those of the last Petition, the Committee came to the following Resolution; viz

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repealing an Act* made in the Twelfth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act to.prevent Abuses in the making of Bricks and Tiles, and to <c ascertain the Dimensions thereof, and to prevent: all " unlawful Combinations amongst any Brick-makers, or 41 Tile-makers, within Fifteen Miles of the City of London, in order to advance or enhance the Pnc4 of l< Bricks, or Tiles." -

The said Act, of the Twelfth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, was read.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repealing an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, <c An Act to prevent Abuses in the €i making of Bricks and Tiles, and to ascertain the " Dimensions thereof, and to prevent all unlawful Com-<c binations amongst any Brick-makers, or Tile-makers, c< within Fifteen Miles of the City of London, in order <c to advance or enhance the Price of Bricks, or Tiles;" It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill (upon the Debate of the House) to explain and amend an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act to prevent Abuses in the making of " Bricks and Tiles, and to ascertain the Dimensions thereof, and to prevent all urilawlui Combinations amongst " any Brick-makers, or Tile-makers, within Fifteen Miles u of the City of London, in order to advance or enhance <c the Price of Bricks, or Tiles j" and that Mr. Alderman Child, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Plumtre, and Colonel Bladen, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Henry Bromley reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Land-owners, and Proprietors of low Lands, and Fen Grounds, in the Township of Whittlesey, within the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in berhalf of themselves, and all others, the Owners and Proprietors Vol. 21.

fLW ry:. i

of lowT-aads, arid Pen Grounds, lymgiiri tkd faiJTownV ftup, was referred > that the Oommitfcec had examined thfe Matter of the said Petition, and had directed tjiih Jst> report the faime, as it appeared? tdAeonfo the Hbtkfe:

And he read the Reportrin his Place/and afterwards delbwered.it in at the Cljwjk's:Tabled* where the iatrie was read, and is as follows*,) . \

That the Committee, pursuant to the Orders of the House, have examined the Matter off I the said ' v/Fetirion, and the Allegations thereof and, in order to prove the fame^examined thefoilowingiWit- nesses jtfit -: : b*' r T-r

Mi. George Claxton said, that the low. Lands, and-Fen Grounds, in the Township of Whitt Seven

thousand Acres, or thereabouts, have, until of late; been very good, and yielded great Profit; btrtThe fam£, for the Space of Seveh Years last. pad, and upwards, have been lo often drowned^and ifurrounded with Waters, that the same havel yielded little or no Profit fb the Owhtrs:

That hohasiFifteeriAcresirilthe/said l©w;Lands; bht Has made nothing the nedf ibr the fir Threen Year* ;but haij formerly Six Pounds X Year t.Thafc hfe believcsjlhit the Cause of the said lory LarkisV being drowrihdi ti the: Want of proper'inland Drains' and embariking the oldlJrairifc,

and raising proper Engines, for throwing ft\e*Watebihfo the common Rivers. .1. .; 7.1^ Lr:n

Mr. Thomas Moor said, that the whole Seven thousand Acres of low Lands are i \v % ted Condi tfoivj and-that some w -

Part thereof is totally Jbft/: That1 he ha»Twenty Acfhs of Land in one Part, and Ten Acres in another Part: That the Twenty Acres is intirejy loft, for-which he ufeid ith have Ten Pounds a Year and {the Ten Acpefe} which he usually let at Nine Pounds a Year, is not intirely loft,-but is greatly damaged; That the whole Seven ^housand Acres, when 'drained^ will be wprt.H..^h.Fee thousand Pounds per Annum: Five thousand Acres, or thereabouts, are worth nothing at present: That-thefamecannot be drained, for want of proper and convenient Qutfalls, and Drains, to dischargetrte Waters into thecomrhon Rivers.

William Hemant said^, that the Seyen thousand Acres of low Lands in Whittlesey Parish have been drowned for several Years last past, but are not intirely loft: That heYias no Lands of hisfowmin the low Land*?, but k!n4v7s them tjo be in a very bad Condition, and cahtfot be drained, for vtot of proper and convenient Outialjs, and Drains.

Ordered, That Leave be given tb 'bring in a Billfbr draining the low Landis, and Fen Grounds, in the Town- r 1 ship of Whittlesey,: within the Isle ‘of Ely, in the Coifniy A 1 "J

of Cambridge; and that Mr. Henry Bromley and Mt.

§hepheard c^o prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A, Petition of the poor and distressed Debtors, now V: D^&tar^ confined in, the County Gaol of St afford, in behalf of I*edtf>ni themselves,;and several Thousand Prisoners, Debtors, in this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners were in great Hopes, that, while the late indoivent Act was under the Con- \ sideration of the House, > the same would have extended w

to relieve all Debtors, without Limitation, or have obliged the Creditor to maintain his Debtor, as was done by an Act 3.0* Carol. IIdl, which Act extended to all Prisoners under the Sum of £. 500. to any one Person:

That, in the Session before the ialt insolvent Act, a Bill passed this House, to oblige the Creditor, either tb maintain, or releale, his Debtor, upon his delivering up his All; and the same vwas twice read in the House of

Lord?, but, through the Multiplicity of Business attending,

the Conclusion of that Session, it did not obtain the Sanftionofa Law: And praying, that, on delivering up all their Efrefts to their Creditors, they may be discharged, or have such other Relief, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Air. Speaker acquainted the House, that among the Speaker Post Letters, to him delivered at the Door, he has re- to open a ccived oiie, directed To the House of Commons; which

King

20 — 21

Februarii.

A. 1728.

Westminster

Streen.

Punching Mutiny and Defer lion.

fodifc&ed, be did not presume to open it; but desired to -know the Pleasure of the House, how the same should 4x disposed of.

Ordered^ That; Mr. Speaker be directed to open the said Letter, and to acquaint the House To-morroto Morning with the Contents, if it contains any thing proper to be communicated to this House.

The House (according to Order) took into further Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many others, inhabiting the City of Westminster, and the Liberates thereof, and the Parts thereunto adjoining, was referred.

And the Resolutions of the Committee were severally read a Second time, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolutions, and upon the Debate of the House, for the better paving and cleansing the Streets within the City and Liberties of Westminster, and those adjoining thereto; and that Mr. Conduit, Mr. Robert Byng, Mr. Wynnington, the Lord Charles Gavcndish, Mr. Clayton* Mr. Earle, Mr. Oglethorpe, and Sir Edward Knatchbull, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, refblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Qar ters.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 21 j

Anno a* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1728.

Prayers.

THE House being informed, that Mr. Ckocke, frorfi the Exchequer, attended at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Money paid An Account of what Money has been paid between on Land Tax. Lady-day, 1724, and Lady-day, 1728, on account of Ldans, or for circulating of Exchequer Bills, on the Land Tax, distinguishing, what has been paid in each Year; also,

Money paid An Account of what Money has been paid between on Malt Tax. Midsummer, 1724., and Midsummer, 1728, on account of Loans, or for circulating of Exchequer Bills, on the Malt Tax, distinguishing, what has been paid in each Year; and also.

Land Tax An Account of what Arrears of former Land Taxes Arrears. are now remaining in the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. The laid Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Greenwich Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this

Hospital. House, Copies of the Commissions for Greenwick Hospital.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, a State of the present Establishment of Officers, Seamen, and others, borne upon the Books of Greenwich Hospital.

Members of this House, do attend at the Place, appointed for the Delivery of the said Letters, every Friday, Monday, and Wednesday, during the Session of Parliament, from Five of the Clock in the Afternoon, till Seven.

A Bill for naturalizing James Pajfano, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bacon, Sir Wm. Tonga* Lord Wm. Powlett, Mr. Lewen, Mr. York, Mr. Scawen, Mr. Geers, Mr. Shepheard\ Mr. Campbell, Sir James Campbell\ Mr. Heath cote, Mr. Holland\ Mr. Fane, Mr. Scrope, Sir Charles Turner, Sir Henry Hoghton, Mr. Metcalfe, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Coil-year, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. Orlebar, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Fane, Mr. Hacks, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Byng, Mr. Alderman Child, Lord Morpeth, Mr. Pacey, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Sandys, General Sabine, Sir Edward Knatchbull, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Annesley, Mr. Bofcozven: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber,

Piftkao'i

Nat.

Delivery of Members

Letters.

Ordered, That the Person, appointed by the Post-master-general to deliver Letters, directed to the *7

Mr. Bertie presented to the House (according to Order) a Bill for making more effectual the Acts passed for repairing the Road from the Stones End in Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, to the furthermost Part of the Northern Road in the Parish of Enfield, in the same County, next to the Parish of Cheshunt, in the County of Hertford-, and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Council and Burgesses of the Colony of Virginia was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Tobacco Trade lies under great Disadvantages and Hardships, which attend the Planters of the said Colony, especially on account of the late Prohibition to import Tobacco stript from the Stalk: And praying the Consideration of the House* and such Relief, as the House shall think fit.

A Clause in an Act, made in the Ninth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for enabling 4< his Majesty to put the Customs of Great Britain u under the Management of one or more Commis-M sioners, and for better securing, and ascertaining, the <c Duties on Tobacco, and to prevent Frauds in ex-41 porting Tobacco, and other Goods and Merchandises,

or carrying the same Coastwise," enacting the said Prohibition, was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Fane, Mr. Scrope, Mr. Tufnell\ Mr. Bevan, Mr. Andrews, Mr. Cary, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Metcalfe, Mr. Orlebar, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Alderman Child, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Lord Wm. Pozvlett, Mr. Holland, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Pultiney, Mr. DanielPulteney, Sir Robert Clifton, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Forbes, Colonel Vane, Mr. J a comb, Mr. Doddington, Mr. Finch, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Edwards, Sir John Rushout. Mr. Kelfal, Mr. Tilfon, Sir Geo. Oxenden, Lord Gage, Mr. Vincent, Sir IVm. Tongs, Sir John Eyles, Mr. Chetzvynd, Mr. Conduit, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Annesley, Sir George Savil, Mr. Harley, Mr. Waller, Mr. Halsey, Mr. Papillon, Sir Wilfrid Lazvfon, Mr. Martin, Mr. Wilmington, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Alderman Parsons, Mr. Bramston, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Crof, Sir Wm. Milner, Colonel Bladen, Mr. Williams; and all the Merchants of the House; and all the Members that serve for the Sea-port Towns: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Merchants of the City of London,

trading

Shoreditch Sec. Road.

Import of Tobacco stript from the Stalk.

Ditto.

L.

Import of Tobacco flripr from the Stalk.

Ditto.

2 Geo. II. ii° — 24"

trading to Virginia and Maryland, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Prohibition to import into this Kingdom Tobacco, stript from the Stalk, or Stem, has by Experience, been found very detrimental to Trade and Navigation, as it lessens the Quantity of Tobacco imported, and the Confamption thereof here, and the Exportation of the Manufactures of this Kingdom to the said Colonies: And praying the Confederation of the House, and such Relief, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Council and Burgesses of the Colony of Virginia, is referred; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition of the Merchants and Traders in Tobacco, in the City of Bristol, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that, since the Ad, prohibiting the Importation of stript Tobacco, which is the best and most valuable Part of that Commodity, the Tobacco Trade has been carried on with great Difficulty, and Loss, and large Quantities of unwholesome Stems used, to the Injury of his Majesty's Subjects: That the said Prohibition is a great Prejudice to the Trade in general: And therefore praying Liberty to import stript Tobacco, or such Relief, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Council and Burgesses of the Colony of Virginia, is referred 5 and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition of the several Merchants, and Traders in Tobacco, of and in the Port of Liverpoole, in the County Palatine of Lattcaster, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Prohibition to import Tobacco stript from the Stalk, is found to be very detrimental, and a great Discouragement to that Branch of Trade: That the Importers are loaded with the prime Coll of the Stalk in the Plantations, Freight from thence, and Customs for it here, and, when separated from the Leaf, cannot be exported; whereby they are great Sufferers; and, that the uling Stalk, instead of Tobacco, will ruin the Trade: And therefore praying the Consideration of the House, and such Relief, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Council and Burgesses of the Colony of Virginia, is referred 5 and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Spanish Dc- A Petition of divers Merchants, and others, trading to, predation* on an(j interested in, the British Plantations in America, in TradeCaB behalf of themselves, and many others, was presented to

the House, and read; setting forth, that for several Years past the British Trade to and from their several Colonies in America has been greatly interrupted by the Spaniards, whose Depredations in those Seas endanger the intire Loss of that valuable Trade; and the Petitioners are without Remedy, for want of proper Powers for Recovery of their Losses, the Spaniards, having Commissions granted by their respective Governors, treating such of his Majesty's Subjects, as have fallen into their Hands, in a very barbarous and cruel manner: And praying the Consideration of the House, and such timely Relief, as shall be thought fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee.

A Motion being made, and the Question put, That the said Committee be a Committee of the whole House;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Tellers for the '} 2*°-

Tellers for the Noes {Mt^} l29‘

Vo 1. 21.

Februarii. 33

So it was resolved in the Affirmative*

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday next come-sevennight, refblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned till this Day Fortnight, the Seventh Day of March next.

Refolded, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Yuefday next; at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 24® die Februarii;

Anno 2* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1728* Prayers.

A PETITION of the poor insolvent Debtors in his Majesty's Gaol the Castle of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners, by long Confinement, are reduced to a starving Condition, and are utterly incapable of paying their Debts: And praying Relief of the House in their deplorable Circumstances.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table. A Petition of the poor insolvent Debtors in the Gaol at Halifax, kept for the Manor of Wakefield, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that most of the Petitioners have been close Prisoners for Two Years last past, through their Misfortunes in the Woollen Manufacture, which was their whole Dependence, and is at a very low Ebb; and Provisions being very dear, so that the Petitioners have nothing but Stone Walls to look on, for their Subsistence, there being no Allowance to the said Prison, nor can they obtain any from the Towns, whereunto they did belong, and mull inevitably starve, unless speedily relieved, Five of them being dead in a short Time; and the Petitioners are willing to deliver up all they have, to satisfy their Creditors: And praying such Relief, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table. A Petition of the poor Prisoners in his Majesty's Gaol of Rothwell, kept for the Honour of Pontefratt, and of Halifax, for the Manor of Wakefield, both in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that several of the said Prisoners have died in Gaol for Want, having no Relief from the County, nor any Subsistence of their own; and their Debts are but finall; so that if the House will not take their deplorable same into Consideration, they must inevitably perish: And praying Relief in the Premises, they being great Objects of Charity.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table. A Petition of more than Thirty poor distressed Prisoners, confined for Debt in his Majesty's Gaols for the Town and County of Bedford, in behalf of themselves, and many thousand others in the several Gaols of this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that the late Atft for Relief of insolvent Debtors, did not extend to the Relief of some, through the want of some more extensive Words therein, who, since that Act, have 3 N been

Call of the House.

Ways and Meant.

Supply.

Puniftiidjr, Mutiny and DesertioR.

Debtor*

Petitions;

»34

24° Februarii. A. 1728.

been released by Death, though the greater Part ftiJI remain confined in a deplorable Condition, and mud so continue, unless a more favourable Act pafsin their behalf, they being defirOus to part with all they have, to make what Satisfaction they can to their Creditors; and the Petitioners hope* the House will think it just to make a Law, that shall oblige their Creditors to maintain their Debtors in Gaol, if they will not release them, upon delivering up their All, as in the same of other Nations; and the Petitioners are ready to serve their King and Country by Sea or Land, as many of them have already done: And praying the Consideration of the House, and that they may be discharged from their Confinement. Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table*

Whitrlefcy Mr. Henry Bromley presented to the House, according Drainage, to Order, a Bill for draining the low Lands, and Fen Grounds, in the Township of Whitllefey, within the Isle of Ely; in the County of Cambridge; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Rejoivedy That the Bill be read a Second time.

Leave of Ordered, That Sir Walter Bagot have Leave to go into

Abiience. tjje Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Account of Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, Watermen'* of the present Rates or Prices, allowed to be taken by Rates* Wheriymen and Watermen, working for Hire upon the River of Thames to and from the several Places between Gravesend and Windsor.

Greenwich The House being informed, that Mr. Corbett, Secre-Hospital. taryrof Greenwich Hospital, attended at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Copy of a Commission for Greenwich Hospital, dated the lentil of September, 1695: Also,

Copy of her Majesty's Commission for Greenwich Hospital for Seamen, dated the Eighth of April, 1704: Also,

Copy of his Majesty's Commission for the royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, dated the Nineteenth of January, 1714: And also,

Copy of his Majesty's Commission for the royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, dated the Fourth of December, 1727.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Commissions were read. Ordo-eiy That the said Copies of Commissions do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Copies are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ditto* The House being informed, that the Steward of Greenwich Hospital attended at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, A State of the present Establishment of Officers, Seamen, and others, borne upon the Books of Greenwich Hospital.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said State was read.

Ordered, That the said State do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said State is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Money stolen A Bill for making good the Loss, occasioned by a Sum out of the of Money being stolen out of his Majesty's Exchequer in Exchequer. tke year One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-four, was read a Second time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed.

' Refolded, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this I louse will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Dillenios, A Petition of John Jacob DilUnius, and Bridgett fcc.Nat. Pollard, was presented to the House, and read; letting

forth, that the Petitioners were born out of his Majesty's Allegiance; but profest the Protestant Religion, and given good Testimony of their Loyalty to his Majesty, and the Good of this Kingdom: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for their Naturalization: Ordered\ That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Vincent and Doctor Sayer do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-nine, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning, next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of the Minister, Constables, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Inhabitants, of the Parish of St. Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners find, that a Bill is depending in the House, for making more effectual the Acts, passed for repairing the Road from the Scones End in Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, to the furthermost Part of the Northern Road in the Parish of£«^/^/,in the same County; which Bill is to prolong the Term, granted by the said Acts; wherein are some Clauses, which the Petitioners think grievous to them: And praying, that they may be heard by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of several of the Gentlemen of the County of Stafford was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners find by the Votes of this House, Leave is given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Roads, leading from Cannals Gate to Stone, in the said County: The Petitioners therefore praying, that Provision may be made in the said Bill, for repairing the Roads from the Town of Stone to the End of the County of Stafford, in the Post Roads towards Chester, which Roads are at some Seasons of the Year impafiable, and cannot be sufficiently amended by the Statute-work, to be done by the Inhabitants.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Walter Bagot, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Ward, Mr. John Chetwynd, Mr. Offley, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Pturner, Sir Charles Turner, Sir Charles Wager, Mr. Winning ton, Mr. Fane, Mr. Clayton, Mr. York, Lord Morpeth, Lord Wm. Powlett, Lord Gage, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Bertie, Sir Wilfrid Lawson, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Scrape, Mr. Newland, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Conduit, Mr. Chet* wynd. Sir John Aftley, Mr. Walcot, Lord Ltwisham, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Watkynn Wynn, Mr. Alderman Child, Mr. Alderman Parsons, Mr. Lawson, Mr. Ducket, Mr. CroJs$ Mr. Bramflon, Mr. Alderman Perry, Sir Richard Grof* venor, Mr. Digby, Mr, Leveson Gower, Mr. La con Child, Mr. Shippen; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Chester, StaffordLancaster, Salop, and Warwick: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Charles Dillon, ekleft Son of Arthur Dillon, who is the Second Son of the Right honourable Theobald* Lord Viscount Dillon, of the Kingdom of Ireland, deceased, as well on his own behalf, as for and on the behalf of his several Brothers, the other Sons of 22 the

Supply Billj Land Tax.

Shoreditch &c. Road.

Stone

Road*

Dilfcm's

forfeited

Estate.

ilii

2 Geo. II. 240 — 250 Februarii. 235

the said Arthur Dillon, was preferred to the House, and read; setting forth, that under a Settlement, made by the said late Lord Dillon in November, 1688, of several Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Mayo, Roscommon, and West Meath, in Ireland, Richard, now Lord Viscount Dillon, is Tenant for Life, Remainder to his first and other Sons in Tail Male, Remainder to the said Arthur Dilkn, with like Remainders to his first and other Sons in Tail Male: That the said Arthur Dillon the Petitioner's Father, having been outlawed, or attainted, for High Treason, on Account of thfe late War in Ireland, his Remainder for Life did, by Force of the said Outlawry, and several Acts of Parliament, become vested in the Crown, subject to such Dispositions as should be made thereof in Parliament; whereby the Petitioner, the next Remainder Man in Tail, expectant upon the Determina* tion of the said forfeited Estate for Life, would be precluded from taking immediately upon the Death of the present Lord Dillon without Issue Male, if it should happen in the Life of the said Arthur; the Apprehension of which Contingency, though very improbable, prevents the Petitioner's making such Jointure, or other Marriage Provision, as should certainly take Effect upon the Death of the present Lord Dillon without Issue Male: That the Petitioner, or his Brothers, having never been guilty of any Crime of a treasonable Nature, and having in most dutiful Manner made their Submission to his Majesty, humbly hope, from his gracious Acceptance thereof, that his Majesty will look upon them as proper Objects of his royal Clemency: And therefore praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Petitioner, and his said Brothers, to take the Premises immediately after the Death of the said now Lord Dillon without Heirs Male of his Body, as fully and effectually, as if the said Arthur Dillon were dead, and had never been outlawed, and to make Provision for the Daughters of the said now Lord Dillon, in case he should die without Issue Male.

Mr, Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, that this same having been humbly represented to his Majesty, his Majesty had been pleased to command him to acquaint this House, that his Majesty gives his Consent, that this House may do therein, as they think fit. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition j and that the Lord Gage, Sir Robert Clifton, and Mr. Robert Hucks, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Pafl»«o»s Mr. Thomas Bacon reported from the Committee, to Nat, whom the Bill for naturalizing James PaJJ'ano, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table:

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

*The Orders of the Day being read j

Creepwich Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday

Hospital. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Establishment of Greenwich Hospital.

It passed in the Negative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out these Words, " which are so " very burthensome to the Manufacturers, as well as to " the Poor in general," and inserting, instead thereof, these words, " granted, and made a Security, for feve-c< ral large Sums of Money, advanced for the Service of " the Publick, upon parliamentary Credit, the greatest c< Part of the Surpluses whereof belong to the Sinking " Fund, Appropriated to the discharging the national Debt, incurred before the 25 th Day of December; "1716."

And the Question being put. That these Words, <c which are so very burthensome to the Manufacturers; tc as well as to the Poor in general," (land Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That these Words, " granted, and made a f< Security for several large Sums of Money, advanced cc for the Service of the Publick, upon parliamentary " Credit, the greatest Part of the Surplusses whereof u belong to the Sinking Fund, appropriated to the discharging the national Debt, incurred before the 25th " Day of December, 1716," be inserted instead thereof. Then the Question, 1b amended, being proposed, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do consider of the proper Means to take off the Duties upon Soap and Candles, granted, and made a Security, for several large Sums of Money, advanced for the Service of the Publick, upon parliamentary Credit, the greatest Part of the Surplusses whereof belong to the Sinking Fund, appropriated to the discharging the national Debt, incurred before the Twenty-fifth Day of December, 17165 And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Tdlere for the Noes,*

79*

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that they had come to some Resolutions* which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Turner also acquainted the House; that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

WaVS The Order, for the House to resolve itself into a Com-aodlvlcani. mfttee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, being read;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that, in order to rest ore' in some measure the Trade of lifts Kingdom, they do consider of the proper Means to take off the Duties upon Soap and Candles, which are so very burthensome to the Manufacturers, as well as the Poor in general;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out these Words, <c in order to restore in some measure, the Trade of this Kingdom." And the Question being put. That those Words stand Part of the Question;

Vol. 21.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning* Nine of the Clock.

Mortis > 25* die Februarii;

Anno 2° Georgii II4* Regis, 1728.

Prayers.

r\RDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Wrrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the eleCling a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Alborough, in the County of York, in the room of William JeJfop, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office

of

Committees.

Alborough

Wtit.

South Sea Company.

(Greenwich

Hospital

Duties.

Dillenius, ice. Nat.

Account of Watermen's Rates.

ftounty on Corn, exported.

Shepards-lhord, &c. Roads.

Beverley t legion.

36 iff Februarii. 1728.

of second Justice of the Counties of Chester, Flinty Denbigh, and Montgomery.

Mr. Gybbon presented to the House (according to Order) a Bill to discharge the Trustees, appointed by an Act, of the Seventh Year of his late Majesty's Reign, for railing Money upon the Estates of the late Directors of the South Sea Company, -and others, of their Trust, and to vest in the said Company such of the Estates, Which were vested in the said Trusteesv as femain un-disposed of, as also the Produte of such Estates and Effects, as have been disposed of by the Trustees 5 and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more effectual collecting in Great Britain and Ireland, and other Parts of his Majesty's Dominions, the Duties, granted for the Support of the royal Hospital at Greenwich, and that Sir William Tonge, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Sandys, and Sir Charles Wager, do prepare, and bring iri, the tame.

Mr. Vincent pre fen ted to the House (according to Order) a Bill for naturalizing John Jacob Dillenius, and Bridget Pollard; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House being informed, that the Clerk of the Watermen's Company attended at the Door, he was called in, and presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, An Account of the present Rates or Prices, allowed to be taken by Wherrymen and Watermen, working for Hire upon the River of Thames to and from the several Places between Gravesend and Windsor.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account of what has been paid for Bounty-money on the Exportation of Corn, from Michaelmas, 1724, to Michaelmas, 1728, distinguishing each Year, and what has been the Produce of the Duties on Corn imported, for each of the said Years.

Mr. Holland presented to the House (according to Order) a Bill for enlarging the Term granted by an Act, passed in the Parliament, holden in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of the late Queen Anne, intituled, <c An Act for repairing the Highways between Shepards-shord and Horsley~upright Gatty leading down Bagdon Hill, in the County of Wilts* and other ruinous Parts of High- ways thereunto adjacent," and for making the said Act more effectual; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Matter of the Petition of Sir Charles Hotham, Baronet, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Beverley, in the County of Twky which Petition was presented to the House the Twenty-second Day of January last, and referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, and was appointed to be heard before the said Committee this Afternoon, be heard at the Bar of this House;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Teas, JJf;

Tellers for the Noes,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

59-

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the Matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of thfe poor distressed Debtors, confined in Dehtori the Prisonof Newgate in the City of Bristol, in the behalf Petition!, of themselves, and many Thoufonds imprisoned Debtors in the several Gaols in this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that there are great Numbers of unhappy Persons confined for Debt, who are no ways capable to relieve themselves; and often great Numbers die in a languishing Condition, though all the Gaols in England are now fuller than ever; and indigent Persons, before they come there, too often spend what little Substance they have, by seeing Attorneys, and Bailiffs; but, if the Law were put on such a Footing, as not to confine the Person, the Creditors would sooner come at their Debts; and this is the general Practice of foveral States of Europe: And praying, that they may be discharged from their Imprisonment, upon delivering up all they have, for the Benefit of their Creditors.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of all the insolvent Debtors, confined in the , Castle of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners are many in Number, chiefly belonging to the Woollen Manufacture, who, by the great Decay of that Trade for many Years, and others by Lbfles and Misfortunes, are reduced to great Poverty, and have offered great Compositions to their Creditor*, who would have all, or none, though the Petitioners arc willing to part with all their Effects, to their Satisfaction:

That many of the Petitioners are in Execution, and have been confined for Four or Five Years past, whereby they have wasted their Substance, which their Creditors might have had; so that they are now forced to lie on Pads of Straw, on the cold Ground, and their Number is now lo increased, and the Gaol so narrow, that they are obliged to make Platforms of Boards, and lie upon one another, like Coffins in a Vault, though some of them are strong, in the Prime of their Years, and fit to serve their Country:

And praying such Relief as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, and Gentlemen, Regulating assembled at the general Quarter Sessions of the Peace, Attornieund holden for the West Riding of the County of York, at Sollators. Weatherby, the Thirteenth Day of January, 1728, and continued, and adjourned, to Wakefield, and Doncasler, in and for the same Riding, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that great Grievances, to the Ruin of many poor People, are occasioned by the great Number of Praftifers in the Law, called, or who call themselves, entering Clerks to the Prothonotaries, and have not had the regular Education of an Attorney, and prosecute trifling Actions, for Trespasses, orfmail Debts, and defend against Suits, commenced for just Cause, which no fair Attorney would do: And praying, that the Growth and Increase of entering Clerks may be prevented, or they be wholly restrained from prosecuting and defending Suits, or such Relief, as the House shall think fit.

And the House being moved, that the Act, of the 39th of King Henry 6th, Cap. 7th, declaring, how many Attorneys may be in Norfolk, Suffolk, and Norwich, might be read.

The said Act was read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Wm. Strickland, Sir George Saville, Mr. Bramston, Mr. Bevan, Mr. Glanville, Mr.

Chetwynd, Mr. Earle, Sir Wm. Tonge, Mr. Gybbon, Sir John Rufiout, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Oglethorpe, Mr. Fane, Mr. Scrope, Lord Morpeth, Mr.

Conduity Mr. Sandys, Colonel Bladen, Sir John Hind Cot-

ton.

C.oogie

2 GeO. II. 25 0 Febtuar $3?

ton, Mr. Foley, Mr. Pelham, Sir Philip Parker, Mn Ha/fey, Mr. Metcalfe, Mr. Wither, Mr. Attorney-general, Mr. Solicitor-general, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Doddington, Mr. Vyner, Sir Edward Knatehbull, Mr* Vernon, Mr. Laroche, Sir John Norris, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Clutter buck, Mr. Wyndham, Mr. Brit iffc, Mr. Campbell, Lord Wm. P owlet, Mr. Fuff mil. Sir Robert Furneffe, Mr. Ingram, Mr. Hucks, Mr. Phillips, Sir Roger Meredith, Mr. Papillcn, Mr. Danvers, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Turner, Sir Charles Wager, Mr. Kdjall, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Cornwall, Sir Archibald Grant, Mr. Byng, Mr. Geers, Mr. Harley, Sir John AJlley, Sir Jermyn Davers, Mr. Waller, Mr. Selwyn, Sir Humphry Howorth, Mr. Bladen, Mr. Pulteney, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Banks, Mr. Pringle, Sir Thomas Sander [on, Sir Abraham Elton, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Annejley, Mr. Brooksbank, Sir James Thornhill, Sir Richard Lane, Mr. Alderman Child, Mr. Ailing ton, Mr. Aiflabie, Sir Wm. St. Quiutin, Mr. Crowle, Mr. Holland, Sir Robeyt Clifton, Sir Tho. Read, Sir Thomas Frankland, Mr. Yorke, Sir Thomas Sebright, Mr. Orlebar, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Williams: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And all, that come, are to have Voices.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do enquire, whether Persons, practising as Attorney, or Solicitors, have complied with the Laws relating to the Stamp Duties.

Regulating A Petition of the Justices of the Peace for the East Attornies and Riding of the County of York, whole Names are there-Solicitors. unto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read;

setting forth, that great Grievances, to the Ruin of many poor People, are occasioned by the great Number of Pra&ifers in the Law, called, or who call themselves, entering Clerks to the Prothonotaries, and have not had the regular Education of an Attorney, and prosecute trifling Actions, for Trespasses, or small Debts, and defend against Suits, commenced for just Cause, which no fair Attorney would do: And praying, that the Growth and Increase of entering Clerks may be prevented, or they be wholly restrained from prosecuting and defending Suits, or such Relief, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, and Gentlemen, assembled at the general Quarter Sessions of the Peace, holder! for the West Riding of the County of York, at Weaiherby, the Thirteenth Day of January, 172$, and continued, and adjourned, to Wakefield, and Doncaster, in and for the same Riding, is referred; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ditto*' A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, assembled at the general Quarter Sessions of the Peace, holden at Fork, in and for the Liberty of St. Peter at York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that great Grievances, to the Ruin of many poor People, are occasioned by the great Number of Pradifers in the Law, called, pr who call themselves, entering Clerks to the Prot'ho-notaries, and have not had the regular Education of an Attorney, and prosecute trifling Actions, for Trespasses, or small Debts, and defend against Suits, commenced for just Cause, which no fair Attorney would do: And praying, that the Growth and Increase of entering Clerks may be prevented, or they be wholly restrained from prosecuting and defending Suits, or such Relief, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, and Gentlemen, assembled at the general Quarter Sessions of the Peace, holden fot the West Riding of the County of York, at Weathtrby, the Thirteenth Day of January, 1728, and continued, and adjourned, to Wakefield, and Doncaster, in and for the feme Riding, is referred > and that they do-examine the Vox. .21.

Mattel- thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon* to the House;

A Petition of the justices of the Peace, arid Gentlemen Recovery of of the Grand Jury, at the general Quarter Sessions of the Small Debts. Peace, holden at Wakefield, in and for the West Riding of the County of York, the Fifteenth Day of January,

1728, and also of the Justices of the Peace, and Gentlemen of the Grand Jury, at an Adjournment of the same Quarter Sessions, holden at Doncaster, in and for the said Riding, the Twenty-second Day of January aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that there is in that Part of the Kingdom a great Number of Manufacturers, and other laborious People,5 who are often entitled to receive small Sums from the Persons they deal with, which sometimes they cannot procure without considerable Expences of Suit, whereby they are rendered less able to support their Families:

And praying the Consideration of the House, and such Remedy therein, either by giving Jurisdiction to his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, to hear and determine the same in a summary Way, or otherwise, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Turner, Sir Wm. Strickland,

Mr. Thompson, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Winnington, Sir Chernies Wager, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Metcalfe, Mr. Scrope,

Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Wither, Mr. Alderman Child,

Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Holland, Mr. Byng, Mr. Sandys, Sip John Rushout, Mr. Kelfall, Mr. Dodhrgton, Mr. Beven,

Mr. Annejley, Sir George Saville, Mr. Brooksbank, Mr.

Vyner, Mr. Papillon, Mr. Aiflabie, Mr. Edwards, Mr.

Williams, Mr. Hal fey, Mr. Hucks, Mr. Danvers, Mr.

Plumptre, Mr. Earle, Colonel Bladen, Mr. Conduitt, Sir Richard Lane, Sir John Norris, General Wade, Mr.

Selwyn, Sir Archibald Grant, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Ingram,

Mr. Lowther, Sir Robert Clifton, Sir Thomas Read, Sir Edward Knatehbull, Lord Wm. Powlet, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir Thomas Frankland, Mr. Allington, Sir Wilfrid Lemfon, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Glanville, Mr. Bramfion, Mr.

Breret on, Mr.* Alderman Par Jons, Mr. New landj Mr.

Gwynn, Mr. Waller, Sir Wm. Yonge, Mr. Orlebar, Mr.

Caesar, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Forbes, Sir Wm. St.

Quintin, Mr. Bertie, Sir Thomas Sebright, Sir Thomas Sanderson, Lord Morpeth, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Banks, Mr. Fane, Sir John Hind Cotton, Mr.

Shephard, Mr. Wyndham, Mr. Tufnell, Mr. Harley, Mr.

Vernon, Sir Roger Meredith, Mr. Finch, Mr. Hope, Mr.

Cornwall, Sir John AJlley, Mr. Chetzvynd, Mr. Hedges,

Mr. Lyster, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Lewis, Mr. La con Child,

Mr. Digby, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Compton: And r.iey are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons,

Papers, iand Records.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to enquire Inquiry into into the State of the Griofe of this Kingdom, and report the State the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House: of Goals.

And it is referred to Mr. Oglethorpe, M r. Glanville,

Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Byng, Mr. Sandys, Sir John Rushout,

Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Newland, Lord Morpeth, Sir John Hind Cotton, Sif Wm. Strickland, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr.

Vernon, Mr. Ward, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Vane, Mr. Clayton,

Mr. Hucks, Sir Abraham Elton, Mr. Alderman Child,

Mr. Alderman Parfom, ‘Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Pelham, Lord Wm. Powlett, Sir Richard Lane, Mr. Earle, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Doddington, Colonel Bladen, 'Lord- Finch, Mr. Cross, Lord Inchequin, Mr.

Cornwall, Mr. Conduitt, Sir John Act ley, Mr. Brereton,

Mr. Phillips, Sir Tho. Sounderson, Sir Wm. Tonge, Mr.

Lyster, Mr. Thompson, Colonel More ton, Mr. Bevan, Mr.

West by, Mr. Fane^ Sir Roger Meredith, Mr. Met calfe>

Mr. Lozvther, Mr. Williams, General Wadi\ Mr. Winnington, Mr* Jacomb, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Walcott, Sir 3 O Archibald

11

23 8 25° —

ArchibaldGrant, Mr. Orlebdr, Mr. Ducket, Sir Thomas Lyttelton, Sir Rowland Alflon, Sir Thomas Lee, Master of the Rolls, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Hughes, Lord Percival,

Mr, Forbes, Mr. Burrell, Lord Malpas, Sir George Saville, 'L'1 Mr. Turner, Mr. Waller, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Wyndham, Mr. Scrope, Mr. Campbell, Sir 77/0. Sebright, Sir Walter Fagot, Mr. Leveson Gower, Mr. Booth, Sir Humphry Howort/i, Mr. Harley, Sir Robert Clifton, Sir Thomas Frankland, Mr. BrookJbank> Mr. Crowle, Mr. Annejley, Mr. Geers, Sir Jermyn Davers, Sir Wilfred Lawson, Mr. Watkyn Williams Wynn, Mr. Tufnell, Mr. Holland, Mr.

Sir Edward Knatclibull, Mr. Lewis, Sir George Oxenden, Colonel Onslow: And they are to meet this Afternoon) at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to adjourn from Time to Time, and from Place to Place, as they dial 1 find it convenient; and to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ways . Sir Charles Turner (according to Order) reported from ind Means, the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Refo-iutions, they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Governor and Company of the Bank of England be allowed to become the Purchasers of the Annuities, agreed to be sold by the Resolution of this House, of Monday, the Seventeenth Instant.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Moneys arisep, or to arise, into the Exchequer, at or from Lady-day next, of or for the several Surplusses, Excesses, or overplus Moneys, commonly called the Sinking Fund, be applied to pay to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England the Sum of Seven hundred Seventy-five thousand Twenty-seven Pounds, Seventeen Shillings, and Ten -Pence Half-peny, for redeeming the Remainder, unredeemed, of the Annuity, payable to them in respect of the Sum of One million Seven hundred Seventy-five thousand Twenty-seven Pounds, Seventeen Shillings, and Ten Pence Half-peny, heretofore due to them in lieu of certain Exchequer Bills, delivered up by them, to be cancelled, irt pursuance of an Act of Parliament, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and charged on certain Dqties on Houses, and afterwards to pay to the same Governor and Company the further Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds, for redeeming a proportional Part of the Annuity, payable, to them in respect of the Sum of Two millions, due- to them in lieu of certain other Exchequer Bills, delivered up by them, to be cancelled, in pursuance of an Act of Parliament, made in the Third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, of glorious Memory, and charged on the Aggregate Fund, pursuant to the Powers, reserved to Parliament for those Purposes.

L v, The said Resolutions, being fevetally read a Second

time, were, upon the Question severally j>ut thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, appointed to bring in a Bjll, upon the Resolution of this House onMonday^ the Seventeenth Instant (for railing One million Two hundred Fifty thousand Pounds by Sale of Annui ties, , not exceeding Fifty thousand Pounds per Annum, redeemable by Parliament) that they do insert, in the said Bill, Glaufes pursuant to these Resolutions.

Pumihing The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Mutiny and Committee of the whole Hqufe, upon the Bill for punish-Desertion. jjg Mutiny, and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters.

Mr. Speaker, left the Chair..;

.. Mr. Secretary . at / War took the Chair of the Committee. .\

.. Mr. Speaker Tqfumed the Chair.

Februarii. A. 1728.

Mr, Secretary at War reported froth the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committees.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 26° die Februarii \

Anno 2° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1728.

Prayers.

QR DE R ED, That it be an Instruction to the Spanish Committee of the whole House, to whom the Depredations Petition of divers Merchants, and others, trading to, ^ra^"crical1 and interested in, the British Plantations in America, in behalf of themselves, and many others (presented to the House the Twenty-first Day of this instant February) is referred, that the Petitioners, if they think fit, be heard before the said Committee.

A Petition of Robert Raikes, of the City of Gloucester, Privilege — Stationer and Printer, was presented to the House, and l^-Wicatioa read; setting forth* That, before the Beginning of this Ceding*. Session of Parliament, he gave Orders to his Servant not to insert in his Journal any of the Votes or Resolutions of this House: That the Paragraph, complained of, was inserted without his Knowledge, and was taken (as he is informed) from a News-letter, sent by Mr. Gythens, Clerk of the Bristol Road, or his Assistant, to the King's Head Inn inG/0Hf^?r;That the Petitioner is very ill of a Fever, keeps his Bed, and is not able to travel: And praying, that he may be excused from attending the House.

Thomas Hollinfliead, one of the Messengers to the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, who served the said Robert Raikes with the Order of this House for his Attendance on the House, was called in, and examined.

And then he withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Robert Raikes, who was ordered to attend this House upon Tuesday Morning next, be discharged from such Attendance.

Ordered, That Mr. Gythens, of the Post Office, do attend this House upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That John Stanley do attend this House upon Monday Morning next.

Resolved, nemhie contradicente. That it is an Indignity to, and a Breach of the Privilege of, this House, for any Person to presume to give, in written or printed Newspapers, any Account, or Minutes, of the Debates, or other Proceedings of this House, or of any Committee thereof.

Resolved, nemine contradicente, That, upon Discovery of the Authors, Printers, or Publishers, of any such written or printed Newspaper, this House will proceed against the Offenders with the utmost Severity.

Ordered, That the Committee, appointed Yesterday Inquiry into to enquire into the State of the Gaols of this Kingdom, Staa have Power to report their Proceedings from time to of Gaols-time to the House.

An Ingrafted Bill for naturalizing James Pajfano, was PafTan<ft read the Third time. Nat.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing James Pajfano.

Ordered, That Mr. Philips do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr.Baptist Leveson Gower reported from the Committee, Stone Roads, to whom the Petition of several of the Gentlemen of the County of Stafford, was referred; that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and

afterwards

5 Geo. II.

2 d>° Pebruanu

afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as follows; viz.

That the Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, proceeded to examine the Matter of the said Petition:

And the Petitioners, to make out the Allegations thereof, called

Mr. Robert Barber; who, being examined, said, that he knows the Road, leading from the Town of Stone, in the said County of Stafford, to the End of the said County, in the Post Road towards Chester; and that there are several deep hollow Ways therein; and that in the Winter Season, and when there are deep Snows, Travellers cannot pass and repass without Danger: And he said, he has known the Post frequently go a great way about, to avoid those hollow Ways.

And he further gave Evidence, that the said Road cannot be repaired by the Laws now in Force; and, if more was done on that Road, than required by Law, it would not be sufficient to repair the fame.

Ordered, That it be an Inllrudion to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for repairing the Roads, leading from Cannals Gale to the City of Lichfield, and from, the said City to Stone, and from thence to Swinnerlon Heath, and also from Burton upon Trent to the said City, and from thence to Wood-end, and Ogley-hay, and also from the said City to High Bridges, in the County of Stafford, and County of the City of Lichfield, that they do make Provision in the said Bill, for repairing the Road from the Town of Stone to the End of the County of Stafford, in the Post Road towards Chester.

Debtors A Petition of the Prisoners for Debt within his Petition. Majesty's Prison of the King's Bench, in behalf of themselves, and many Thousands other Insolvents, confined in this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Calamities of the Petitioners, occasioned by their long and expensive Confinement, render them the greatest Objects that ever were relieved by Parliament, the Prisons throughout the whole Kingdom, and this in particular, being now more crouded than ever; and they have the doleful Prospect of seeing many of their Fellow Sufferers end their Days in want, having received no Benefit by the late insolvent Acts, by reason of the limited Sum, and Time, therein specified; yet the Petitioners are willing to surrender up their All, for the Satisfaction of their Creditors, who refused to accept thereof: And praying, that, on delivering up all their Effects to their Creditors, they may be discharged, or have such other Relief as the House shall think fit. Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Leeds A Petition of the Reverend Henry Robinson, Clerk, lew Chapel. was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner, and others, having conveyed divers Lands, for providing a competent Maintenance for a Minister, to officiate in a new Church, intended to be erected in Leeds, in the County of York, and there having been several Contributions thereto, a new Chapel hath been built, and consecrated; but there hath been expended therein more than the Contributions amounted to, and other Moneys are due for finishing the fame, which cannot be effectually raised, nor the said Chapel perpetually established, nor the Curate thereof, and his Successors, made capable of taking the said Estate, without the Assistance of an Act of Parliament: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to make the said new Chapel a perpetual Cure and Benefice, and to provide for the defraying some Expences in finishing the said* new Chapel, yet remaining unpaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir William Milner, Mr. TJiompfon, Sir Wm. Strickland, Mr. Robinson, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Vojl. 21.

Mr. Orkbar, Mr. Hacks, Mr. Cro/s, Mr. Wyndham, Mr. Tufnelly Lord Limerick, Mr. Sandys, Sir Charles Turner, Dr. Sayer, Lord Wm. Rowlett, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Plump-tre, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Anneftey, Mr. Lowther, Sir Roger Bradshaighy Mr. Worthy, Sir Archibald Grant, Mr. Plunier, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Bacon, Mr. ChetivynJ, Mr. Pacey, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Colonel Read, Sir Wm. Yonge, Sir Archer Croft, Sir Nicholas Williams, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. York, Mr. Sevan, Mr. Phillips, Sir Edward Knalchbull, Mr. Jacomby Lord Gage, Sir Thomas Lee, Sir John Aftley, Mr. Norris, Mr. Levejon Gower, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Ingram; and all the Members that serve for the County of York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen* and Assistants, of the City of Rochester, in the County of Kent, in Common-council assembled, being the representative Body of the Citizens of the said City, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that, time out of mind, there hath been an Oyster Fishery in the River Medway, within thejurisdictlion and Conservancyof the Petitioners, which extends from Hawkwood toSbeerness-y\vh\c\\ Fishery hath been free and common to all Oyster Fishermen and Dredgers, after having served Seven Years Apprenticeship to any Fisherman, free of the said Fishery: That the Petitioners have, time out of mind, yearly held a Court of Admiralty, or Conservancy, for regulating the said Fishery; and out of them a Jury hath been impanelled, and sworn, who constantly considered, and made Orders and Rules for using the said Fishery, as to the Quantities of Oysters to be caught, and dredged, and the Times when, and have set Fines upon the Transgressors; but such Doubts have arisen concerning the Authority of the said Court, that, if fbme speedy Remedy be not provided, the said Fishery, upon which the Livelihood of many numerous Families depend, will be utterly destroyed: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for regulating, well ordering, and governing, the said Oyster Fishery, in such manner as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Polhiil, Mr. Baron TJiompfon, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Butler, Mr. Alderman Child, Mr. Alderman Perry, Dr. Sayer, Sir Henry Hoghton, Sir Edward Knatchbully Lord Gage, Mr. Lee. Lord Wm. Pow~ letty Mr. Skepheard, Mr. Doddington, Mr. Plnmer, Mr. Chetzvynd, Sir Philip Parker, Sir Roger Meredith, Sir Robert Furnefe, Mr. Scrope, Mr. Keif all, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Cary, Mr. Oglethorpe, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Mr. Alderman Parsons, Mr. Halsey, Mr. Winnington, Sir Wilfrid Lawfion, Sir Robert Austen, Mr. Papillon, Sir John Norris, Mr. Digby, Mr. Martin, Sir Humphry Ho* worth, Mr. Pacey, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Tufnell; and all the Members that serve for the County of Kent, City of London, and the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Oyster Dredgers, free of the Oyster Fishery, in the River Medway, and Waters thereof, under the Conservancyof the Mayor and Citizens of the City of Rochester, in the County of Kent, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and all other the Freemen of the said Fishery, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that, timeout of mind, there hath been an Oyster Fishery within the Paid River, free to all Oyster Fishermen and Dredgers, after having served Seven Years Apprenticeship to any one, before free of the said Fishery; and the Mayor and Citizens of Rochester have yearly, or oftsner, if required, held a Court of Admiralty, cr Conservancy, inter alia, for the better

ordering

Medway

Ov.ter

Fiftiery.

Ditto.

niniti7fid htt

240

26° Fehruariu , A. 1728*

ordering and Vcgulat ing that Fishery, and used to summon all the said Fishermen to that Court, who attended accordingly; out of which a Jury was constantly impannelled, and sworn; and they made Rule* and Orders, and set Fines on Offenders, for the better Preservation of the Fiftiery: That the free Dredgers, within these few Years, have very much increased, being now above 300, most of them having Families^and the natural Brood of Oysters in the said River hath not been sufficient for their Maintenance; so that they have been forced, by a general ‘voluntary Contribution amongst themselves, to raile Money, to buy great Quantities of Brood Oysters, to laydown in the said River, and Creeks; but some Doubts arising, touching the Jurisdiction and Powers of the said Court and Jury, some disorderly Persons have taken the natural Crops of Oysters, against the said Rules and Orders; which Practices, if continued, will utterly destroy the said Fishery, for want of a Power to punish the Offenders; and, there being no Power to make such Collection, for storing the Giid Oyster Fiftiery, it often happens, that many, who would not contribute thereto, yet have unjustly dredged for, and taken, great Quantities of such laid Oysters, to the great Wrong of the Contributors: And praying, that- Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for regulating, well ordering, and governing, the said Oyster Fishery, in such manner as this House shall think lit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Assistants, of the City of Rochester, in the County of Kent, in Common-council assembled, being the representative Body of the Citizens of the said City, is referred; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Offices and Ordered\ That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to in-

Smpioyments. demnify Persons, who have omitted to qualify themselves for Employments, or Offices, according to Law; and to amend an Act, passed in the First Year of his late Majesty King George, intituled, "An Act for the further " Security of his Majesty's Person and Government, and " the Succession of the Crown in the Heirs of the late " Princess Sophia, being Protestants, and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and " his open and secret Abettors,1" as to so much thereof as relates to the Times of taking the Oaths, now limited by the said Act; and that Mr. Lee and Mr. Knight do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Turkey A Petition of the incorporate Company of Clothiers in

Trade. the City of Worcester, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the great Burthen of the Poor cannot be expressed, which increases daily under the Decay of their Woollen Manufacture, inso much, that their Poor's Rate amounts to at lead 8 s. in the Pound, besides other Charities: That they were unwarily milled to petition against the 7/^;Trade, and, fmce the obtaining the Bill relating thereto, their Trade bath gradually decreased: That the Turkey Merchants export, under the Name of Worcesters> Cloth of less Value and Goodness, made in other Parts of the Kingdom; which Practice has occasioned the total Lossof their Trade at present, and will, if not prevented in time, bring Disgrace and Ruin to the whole Woollen Manufacture of this Kingdom: That the Petitioners conceive, that, if Liberty were given to the Italian and other Merchants to export their Cloth, as formerly, and the Trade to Turkey laid open, and a Stop put to the Exportation of other Cloth, under the Denomination of Worcesters, their Trade might again flourish, and their Poor be relieved: And praying the Consideration of the House, and such Relief as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Richard Lane, Mr. Sandys, 15

Sir Wm. Yonge, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Huxley, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Conduit, Mr. Byngy Mr. Townfthend\

Mr. Alderman Perry. Mr. Clutterbuck, Mr. Arfcot, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Gybbon, Sir George Saunders, Sir Wm.

Strickland, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Bondy Mr. Alderman Barnard, Sir Wm. MHucr, Lord Morpeth, Mr. Martin,

Mr. Norris, Mr. Leveson Gower, Mr. York, Sir John Aftky, Mr. Alderman Childy Mr. Geers, Sir Nicholas Williams, Mr. Alderman Parsons, Mr. Vyner, Mr. North,

Mr. Waller, Mi. Dig by. Sir Abraham Ellon, Sir Nat ha-naelGurzon, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Sevan, Mr. Brookjhank,

Lord Gage, Mr. Br ere ton, Mr. G!anvil!e, Mr. Phillips,

Mr. Bertie, Mr. Holland, Sir Jermyn Davers, Mr. Laron Child, Mr. Hall, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Wort ley, Mr.

Goddardy Mr. S crepe, Mr. Fane, Mr. I Fright, Mr. Ker-non, Sir Thomas Read, Colonel Read, Mr. Andrews, Mr.

Ashe, Mr. Bathurjf, Colonel Berkley, Mr. Cross, Mr. Doddington, Mr. Earle, Mr. Forteftcue, Mr. Heath cot ey Lord Lezvifham, Sir Herbert Pakington, Sir John Rufthout, Mr.

Rudge, Mr. St. John, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Tilfton, Sir Wm.

Willys; and all the Members that serve fur the Counties of Worcester, Gloucester, Wilts, Devon, Somerftet, and Leicester', and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Weavers, Walkers, and Fullers, of Turkey the Clothing Trade in the City of Worcester was presented Trade, to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Clothing Trade of the said City, which is mostly for Turkey, has for many Ages been the Support of many thousarxJ Families in the County of Worcester, and many Weavers and Walkers in the said City lived in good Fashion, paying Scotland Lot, and bearing Parish Offices, with the rest of their Neighbours; but now they are all reduced ro the lowest Degree of Poverty and Beggary, for want of Trade, occasioned, as they conceive, by the Turkey Merchants monopolizing to themselves the Liberty of buying their Cloths just when, and at what Price, they please so that the greater Part of their Master Clothiers have left off their Business, and the few, that keep on their Trade, though Men of great Fortune, are often reducing the Labourers Wages to Four Pence a Day; so that they must be a Burthen to their respective Parishes: And praying the Compassion of the House to find out some Relief, suitable to their Distress, and prevent their Ruin.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the incorporate Company of Clothiers in the City, of Worcester, is referred; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Sir Charles Turner presented to the House (according Supply Bill; to Order) a Bill for raising the Sum of One million Two Sale of An-hundred and Fifty thousand Pounds, by Sale of Annul- nuities, &c, ties to the Bank of England, after the Rale of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum, redeemable by Parliament; and for applying the Produce of the Sinking Fund: And the same was received.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Reftolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom- Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The Order, for the House to resolve itself into a Greenwich Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Hospital. Establi (foment of Greenwich Hospital, being read;

Ordered, That the Account, shewing how the Money, given last Session of Parliament for Greenwich Hospital, hath been disposed of, he referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the State of the yearly Revenue and Expence of Greenwich Hospital, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered,

t Geo. II. i6a — zf

Ordered, That the Account, shewing, how much of the several Arrears, due to Greenwich Hospital on the Thirty-first Day of March Iaft, has been received by the Treasurer since that Time, and how the same has been employed, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Cash, now remaining in the Hands of the Treasurer^ of Greenwich Hospital, with an Estimate of the Credit on the Revenue of the said Hospital, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of what was due on the Thirty-first of December last upon the Establishment of Greenwich Hospital, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of the Commission for Greenwich Hospital, dated the Tenth of September, 1695, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of her Majesty's Commission 'for Greenwich Hospital for Seamen, April the Eighth,

1 1704, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of his Majesty's Commission for the royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, dated the Nineteenth Day of January, 1714, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of his Majesty's Commission for the royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, dated the Fourth Day of December, 1717, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the State of the present Establishment of Officers, Seamen, and others, borne upon the Books of Greenwich Hospital, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the present Rates or Prices allowed to be taken by Wherrymen and Watermen, working for Hire upon the River of Thames to and from the several Places between Gravesend and,

be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that they had made some Progress in the Matters to them referred; and that the Committee had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Establishment of Greenwich Hospital.

LnT{of Ordered, That Mr. Danvers have Leave to make a Absence. Motion, it being past Three of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly:

Ordered, That James Ho/le, Esquire, have I^eave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovisy 27® die;

Anno t* Georgii IP* Regis, 1728.

Prayers.

Of 0 HN Jacob Dillenius, and Pollard, took the

J Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

Greenwich Sir William Yonge presented to the House, according to Hospital Order, a Bill for the more effectual collecting in Great aUe5, Britain and Ireland, and other Parts of his Majesty's Dominions, the Duties granted for the Support of the royal Hospital at Greenwich, and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

(apply Billt \ Bill for raising the Sum of One million Two hundred and Fifty thousand Pounds, by Sale of Annuities to Vot. 21.

Februarii. 24 r

the Bank of England, after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum, redeemable by Parliament, and for applying the Produce of the Sinking Fund, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Bailiff, and otherthe capital Burgesses, of the Borough of Lempjler, in the county of,

was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Roatjfc on all Sides of the said Town are so ruinous and badj that in the Winter Season they are in many Parts impassable for Waggons, Carriages, and Horses loaden, and in other Parts dangerous to Travellers, and cannot by the Laws in force be sufficiently repaired: Ami therefore praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the speedy and effectual repairing and amending the said Roads, and for keeping the same in Repair, under such Directions and Limitations, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Lord Bateman, Mr. Vane, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Alderman Sir Wm. Yonge,

Mr. Phillips, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Lewis, Mr.

Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Lyddell, Lord Wm, Pow/ett, Mr. Scrope, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Mr. Clayton, Sir John Rufhout, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Lee, Mr. Pelham,

Mr. Conduit, Mr. Bramston, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Metcalfe, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Knight, Dr. Mr. Bertie, Sir

Wm. Barker, Mr. Geers, Sir Archer Croft, Sir Geo. Cafwall, Mr. Bacon, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Reynell, Mr. Price, Mr. Leveson Gower, Sir Thomas Lee, Sir John

Shelley, Sir Cecil Bishop, Sir Nicholas Williams, Mr. Pacey, Colonel Onslow, Mr. War dour, Mr. Serjeant Birch, Mr. Devereux, Sir John Tyrivhit, General Sabine, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Arfcot, Mr. Lacon Child, Mr. Rudge, Sir Richard

Lane, Mr. Watkyn Williams Wynne, Mr. Colonel

Read, Lord Gage, Mr. Banks, Mr. and all

the Members that serve for the Counties of Hereford, Worcester, Salop, Gloucester, and South Wales: And they

are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Debtors in the City Gaol of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that there are great Numbers of Persons confined for Debt, incapable to relieve themselves, and reduced to great Want, there being no Credit to be had in Gaol; and if the Prisoner has nothing of his own, nor subsisted by others, he has no other View than to star\ce, which too often drains them of that little Substance they have, when they are first imprisoned; so that, if the Law were on such a Footing, as not to confine their Persons, but fu'uject their Effects to satisfy their Creditors, they might iooner come at their Debts: And praying the Consideration of the House, and such Relief, as shall be thought proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the insolvent Debtors, confined in the ^rifon of GloucesterCastle, on behalf of themselves, and many Thousands of Prisoners, confined in the several Gaols of this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners, through Mil-fortunes, are utterly unable to pay their Debts, and have offered their All, to satisfy their Creditors, who will not accept the fame; so that, they conceive their Imprisonment is no Advantage to their Creditors, yet is a great Lois to the Nation in general, the which by this Prison is, with Moderation, computed at£. 1,000 And

?raying, that, upon delivering up all their Effects to the Tie of their Creditors, they maybe discharged from their Imprisonment.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table. A Petition of the poor miserable insolvent Debtors,

3 P confined

Lempfter

Roads*

Debtors

Petition^, -

241

270 Febru.

1728*

confined in Chelmsford Gaol, in behalf of themselves, and aforesaid, are insufficient, by reason the Company cannot several Thousands, waspresented to the House, and read; inflict any corporal Punishment oh Offenders, in case no fi tting forth, that by all the Means, the Petitioners are Distress can be found.

capable of, they cannot prevail with their Creditors to Erlittg said, that every Person, bound Apprentice to grant them their Liberty, though they are and were a Waterman, is obliged by the By-law of the Company willing, before their Confinement, to yield up all their to serve Two Years of his Time, before he is intrusted Eflfefts, to make them the utmost Satisfaction: And with the Care of any Boat.

praying, that they may be discharged from their Imprison- Green said, he was bound as an Apprentice to one

ment, upon Surrender of all their Effefls for that purpose. William Mason: That he has served about a Year and Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table. Three Quarters of his Time, and is now about Sixteen

Years of Age; but his Master has no Boat, nor ever had. Woollen A Petition of the Mayor, Justices, and Grand Jury since he was bound, and has not worked upon the Rivera Manuf»aure. Qf the City and County of the City of Worcester, in Month, since he was bound: That he hired a Boat so long General Quarter Session, held by Adjournment, was as he could be trusted: That his Master gets his Liveli-presented to the House, and read; complaining of the hood by helping his Father-in-law to carry out small great Impoverishment of that City, and the vast Increase Beer; and that is the Business his Master follows; and of their Poor occasioned by the Decay of their Woollen that he himself earns now and then (*d.z Day, by riding Manufactures: And praying the Consideration of the a spare horse to a Brewhouse: And he further said, that House, in order to their Relief. his Master is not able to l'upport him, and that he is

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con- almost starved, for want of common Necessaries.

sideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Henry Powell said, he w-as bound as an Apprentice to incorporate Company of Clothiers in the City of Worcester, William; but his Master does not follow the Bufi-is referred; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, nets of a Waterman; and that he has no Habitation of and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to his own, but lives with his Friends: the House. That his Master has been afleed to turn him over to

another Waterman, but he xdfufed so to do, unless he Regulating Mr. Bertie reported from the Committee, to whom had £. 5. for that Purpose.

Thames the Petition of the Rulers, Auditors, and Assistants, of Wm. Gates, Samuel Price, Wm. , being severall'y

Watermen, the Company of Watermen and Lightermen of the River afleed, why those Apprentices "were not turned over, said, Thames, on behalf of themselves and others, was referred; that the Company are not impowered by their "By* laws that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said to oblige any Master Waterman, so complained of, to Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it turn his Apprentice oyer to any other Master. appeared to them, together with the Resolution of the Upon the whole Matter, the Petitioners having proved Committee thereupon to the House: And he read the the Allegations of their Petition, the Committee came ta Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the the following Resolution; viz.

Clerk's Table; where the same was read; and the Report Resolved, That is the Opinion of this Committee, and Resolution of the Committee, are as follows; viz. That the House be moved, that Leave be given to bring That the Committee, pursuant to the Order of the in a Bill for making more effectual several Acts passed, House, proceeded to examine the Matter of the relating to Watermen, Wherrymen, and Lightermen, said Petition: rowing on the River , and for better ordering and

And, to prove the Allegations thereof, the Petitioners governing such Watermen, Wherrymen, and Lightermen, produced Witnesses; viz. And the House being moved accordingly;

Samuel Price and Wm. Church; who said, that there That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

are Rules settled, for the better ordering the Company, making more effectual several Acts passed, relating to and were made, approved, and confirmed, by such Power Watermen, Wherrymen, and Lightermen, rowing on and Authority, as the Ad, passed in the nth and 12th the River Thames, and for better ordering and governing Years of the Reign of King William the 3d directs; such Watermen, Wherrymen, and Lightermen; and that which Rules so made, approved, and confirmed, are to Mr. Bertie, Mr. Alderman Child, Mr. Colonel

be observed by the Watermen, under certain Money Onslow, and Mr. do prepare, and bring in, the

Penalties, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the fame.

Offenders Goods and Chattels:

That the greatest Offenders on the River of Thames Mr. Gower presented to the House (according

against those Rules are such Watermen, as have neither to Order) a Bill for repairing the Roads leading from Goods or Chattels to distrain, and therefore will not obey Cannals Gate to the City of Lichfield, and from the said such Sutnmonfes, as are regularly made out, and served City to Stone, and from thence to the End of the County on them: That they have known Ten or moreSummonfes of Stafford, in the Post Road towards , and also

served on Watermen; but they never appeared; and the from the Town of upon to the said City of

Company could not oblige them to appear, they having Lichfield, and from thence to Wood-end, and no Power to inflid any Punishment on the Body of any and also from the said City of Lichfield to High Bridges, Waterman, disobeying such Summonses. in the County of Stafford, and the County of the said

Wm. Church being again examined, said, that Forty City of; and the same was received, and read

Watermen are allowed to work on Sundays, and what they the First time.

get is applied towards maintaining the Poor of the That the Bill be read a Second time.

Company; and that one James Jackson and Daniel Eaton,

Watermen, carried several Passengers cross the River on The House being moved, That Leave may be given a Sunday, although they were not then appointed to work, to bring in a Bill for the better suppressing of Piracy,

and for that Offence were several times summoned, and and for giving all Prizes, taken from the Enemy, to the not appearing, according to such Summonses, were taken Captors;

up by Warrant from a Justice of Peace, and carried before Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty's him; and they, having no Effects, were acquitted; but Command, acquainted the House, that, for the greater the said Jackson, afterwards assaulting one of the inspectors, Encouragment of Seamen to behave themselves with tolerated to insped the Sunday Ferry, was taken up by Bravery and Fidelity in the Service of their Country, his , another Warrant from a Justice of Peace, who com- Majesty gives hisConfent, that a Bill may be brought into mitted him to Prison for that Offence. this House,. for giving to the Captors the Share or Part,

That it appeared to die Committee, that the By-laws which the Crown has in ail Prizes, taken from the of the Company so made, approved, and confirmed, as Enemy.

Ordered,

1

k.

ZX2 itxl -e re a ftr: hi

Lichfield,

&c. Roads.

Ad

hi

IF!

Supprfflio# 'I?! of Piracy, j

*33 C

,31

*s!ri

14

2 Geo. II. 27° — 28* Februarit. 243

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better suppressing of Piracy, and for giving all Prizes taken from the Enemy, to the Captors; and that the Lord Malpas, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, and Mr. Tren chard, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Duty ob A Petition of divers Victuallers and others. Retailers Vi&ullers. of Ale and Beer, in behalf of themselves, and several Thousand others, Retailers of Ale and*Beer within the Cities of London and Westminfi and Parts adjacent, was prefen ted to the House, and read; complaining of great Hardships and InconVeniencies, which they lie under, occasioned by the A A, of the Twelfth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, whereby a Duty is laid on all Victuallers, and others. Retailers of Ale and Beer within the said Cities, and Parts adjacent: And praying the Confederation of the House, and such Relief as the House Hull think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

HoneyItoltn The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Exchequer Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for making good the Loss, occasioned by a Sum of Money being stolen out of his Majesty's Exchequer in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-four.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Wm.Yonge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Wm.Yonge reported from the Committee, that they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made some Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Poaiftiing Mr. Secretary at War (according to Order) reported D'krdon'1 ^rom t*ie Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was committed, the Amendments, the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the said Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And >then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 28° die Februarii;

Anno 2° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1728. Prayers.

Enfold A PETITION of several Inhabitants of the l\- Parishes of Enfield and Edmmdton, in the County of Middlesex, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Parishes, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Road, leading out of the Northern Road, from the Watch-house at to the Market-

place in Enfield aforesaid, about One Mile and Half in Length, is in many Places so bad, that Passengers cannot pass without Danger, and it cannot be effectually repaired by the common Statute-work: And praying that in the Bill, depending in this House, for repairing the Road from the St ones End in Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, to the furthermost Part of the Northern Road in the Parish Vox.. 21.

of Enfield, in the same County, next to the Parish of

Cheflmnt, in the County of Hertford, Provision may be made for amending the Road aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Bertie, Mr. Danvers, Mr.

Duckett, Mr Price, Mr. Metcalfe, Mr. Gould, Mr. Wither, Mr. Campbell, JVJr. Evans, Mr. Burrell, Mr.

Bevan, Sir Geo. Downing, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Shepheard, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir Tho. Lee, MK Ongley, General Sabine, Mr. Waller, Mr. Bacon, Mr.

Geers, Mr. Tjfwther, Mr. Williams, Mr. Lee, Sin John Hind

Cotton, Mr. Berkley, Mr. Earle, Mr. Martin, Mr. Nightingale, Mr. Hucks, Mr. Plumer, Sir Geo. Mr.

Gibson, Mr. Gay, Mr. Jacomb, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Newland,

Mr. Oglethorpe, Mr . Sandys, Mr. Finch-, and all the

Members that serve for the Counties of Middlesex,

Hertford, Huntingdon, Cambridge, Lincoln, , and

North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Sutton Morgan, Clerk, A. M. was pre- Skerry* fented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Light-house. Petitioner's Father-in-law, William French, Esquire, deceased, pursuant to Letters Patent, dated the Thirteenth Pay of July, 1714, built a Light-house on the dangerous Rock or Island of Skerrys, near Holy-head, in the County Anglesey, at the Expence of more than Three thousand Pounds: That the Duties granted for supportingJhe said Light-house, are not sufficient for that Purpose; which Inefficiency arises partly from some Defects in the Letters Patent, in relation to the Payment of Tonage, and the Charge of the Light-house is such, that the Petitioner is no longer able to bear it, and pay the Rent to the Crown; which Rent he hopes to be excused, in regard his Majesty's Ships of War and Packet-boats pay no Duties to the Light-house: And praying the Confederation of the House, and such Relief as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Williams, Mr. , Mr.

Withe, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Sandys, Sir Nicholas Williams,

Mr. Turner, Mr. Scrope, Sir James Campbell, Dr. Sayer,

Sir Thomas Frankland, Colonel Bladen, Mr Mr.

Vincent, Lord Hartington, Mr. Clutter buck, Mr. Lee,

Lord Micklethwaite, Mr Bacon, Mr. Alderman Barnard,

Mr. Bertie, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Annefiey, Sir Nathanael

Curzon, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Alderman Child, Mr. Geers,

Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Duckett, General SabinMr.

Mr. Parsons, Mr. Turner, Sir Richard; and

all the Members that serve for the Counties of Chester,

Lancaster, Cumberland, Westmorland, and for Wales -, and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Chancellor, Masters, and Scholars Wick-riffing-of the University of Oxford, and the honourable Bertram ton Inclosure. Ashburnham, Esquire, Thomas Chamberlayne, Clerk, Rector of the Church of the Parish of Wick-riJJington, in the County of Gloucester, Sir John Dutton, Baronet, and Giles Truly, Owners of the Lands in Wick-riffington aforesaid, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Land-owners there, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the said Parish consists of 58 Yards Land, of which 30 were the Inheritance of Vincent Oakley, Esquire, lately deceased, which by his Will are vested in Trustees, for Payment of his Debts, and other Purposes, and the other 28 Yards Land are the Inheritance of the Petitioners: That these Lands lie intermixed,

and

244

z 8° Februarii.

A. 1728.

and unincloseJ, in the common Field, and arc liibjeift to reason of the great Discoufagfcment they are under, for rot all Sheep, that feed therein, to the great Loss of all the want of Coals, Turf, Wood, and a more perfect Naviga-Proprietors; who have agreed to a general Inclosure^ and tion, as aforesaid; the doing of which would also be an have exchanged and divided all the said Lands among Advantage to the Publick, by an Encouragement and them, to be held in Severalty, Tythe-free, paying to the Increase of the Seamen of this Kingdom: And praying, Rector and his Successors, £. 8a. per Annum, whereby that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for granting the whole Parish and Rettory will be much improved; to the Petitioners such Exemption as shall be thought but, because the Successors of the said Retfor will not proper, from the Duty on Water-borne Coals from be bound by the Agreement of the present Rector, and some of the Proprietors being under age, the said Improvement cannot be made, without an Act of Parliament:

And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for confirming Exchanges, Allotments, Divisions, and Inclosgres of Lands in the said Parish of Wick-riffmgton, federation of a Committee; and that they do examine the and for establishing the Payment of a yearly Sum to the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to Rector and his Successors, in lieu of Tythes, pursuant to them, to the House:

on

ElLnfoot and Whitehaven to the North Side of Soliway Firth, and from Annan to Burroughhead, whereby the Petitioners may be enabled to improve the Navigation of the said Rivers.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-

Agreements between Vincent , Esquire, deceased,

and the other Proprietors of the said Lands.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Berkeley, Sir John Rufhout, Mr. Saudys, Mr. Y01 k, Mr. Mr. Cafar, Mr.

Perrot, Sir Wm. Stapleton, Mr. , Mr. Alderman

Child, Mr. Annejley, Mr. Plummer,. Mr. Lee, Mr. Gybbon, Lord Harlington, Mr. Ducket, Mr. , Mr.

Lockyer, Sir Tho. Hales, Mr. Hale, Mr. Sir

Jcrmyn Davers, Lord Limerick, Mr. Bramston, Sir

And it.is referred to Mr. Douglas, Mr. Kef all, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Fane, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Mr.

Mr. Heron, Mr. Pringle, Colonel Mr. Scrope,

Sir Charles Turner, Sir Wm. Lowtker, Mr. Orlebar, Sir Thomas Loot her, Mr. Lawson, Mr. Mr.

Cunningham, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Alderman Child, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Hughes, Sir Wilfrid Lawson, Mr. Conduitt, Mr. Owen, Mr. Vane, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr . Earle, Mr. Williams, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Duckett, Mr. Alderman Parsons, Mr. Geers, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Waller, Mr. Pturner, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Reynell, Sir John Rufhout, Mr. Mr. Yorke, Mr.

Lyster, Mr. Ward, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir John AJlley, Sir Tho.

Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Williams, Mr. Alderman Parsons, Sebright, Lord Bateman, Lord Morpeth, Mr. Robinson,

Mr. Geers, Mr. P/umer, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Parsons, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Newland, Mr. Eversfetd, Sir John Hind Cotton, Sir Tho. Read, Sir Richard Grosvenor, Mr. Bootle, Sir Wm. Barker, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Watkyn Wynne; and all the Membefs that lerve for the Counties of Gloucester and Worcester: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Shaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Registering Deedi, &c. in Surrey.

Mr . CampbeMr. Berkley, and all the Members that

serve for the Counties of Cumberland, Westmorland, and North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Alderman Barnard presented to the House, SpittlcfieU* according to Order, a Bill for making the Hamlet of &c. Spittlefields, in the Parish of Saint Dunstan Stebunheath alias Stepney, in the County of a distinct

Parish, and for providing a Maintenance for the Minister of such new Parish; and the same was received.

Mr. Thomas Bacon reported from the Committee, to ^atobeack which may be so secretly conveyed from one Person to w'lom the Petition of the Land-owners and Proprietors Draia^c. another, that ill-difpcfed Persons have it in their Power of and Fen Grounds of the several Townships of

to commit Frauds, and frequently do so; whereby several, Waterbea and kbit ken, in the County of Cambridge, and who, through many Years Industry and Frugality, have also ot' and in the Isle of Ely, in the

purchased Lands, or lent Money on Land Security, have ^aid County of , called Waterbeach Level, and

been undone by prior secret Conveyances and incum- the Commoners, and such, who have a Right of Common brances; and the Sale of Land is greatly discouraged in the Townships aforesaid, whole Names are thereunto

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, and other Gentlemen, and Freeholders, in the County of Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; felting forth, that the Lands in the said County are generally Freehold,

‘*4

..-'ir

thereby: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the publick registering of all Deeds, Conveyances, Wills, and other Incumbrances, that shall be made of, or that may affett, any Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the said County of Surrey, for the inrollments of all Bargains and Sales of all such Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments; and that the Officers for keeping the said Registrics and Places, may be from time to time chosen by the Gentlemen and Freeholders of the said County.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prater of the said Petition; and that Mr. Vincent, Colonel Onslow, and Mr. Scawen, do ptepare, and bring in, the fame.

subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and all others the Owners and Proprietors of the said Lands, lying in the said Townships, or such Part thereof as aforesaid, and other the said Commoners, was referred; that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as follows;

That the Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, of the 19th Instant, have examined the Matter of the said Petition:

And, to prove the Allegations of their Petition, the Petitioners called the following Witnesses; viz.

James Faw try, Esquire, Richard Read, John Murfelt,

'.IP;

s:;t

;J:i

and Robert Sutton; who, being severally examined, said, Kub &c. A Petition of the Magistrates, and Town Council, of the that the Lands and Commons in the Waterbeach Level,

Navigation, several Boroughs of Dumfries, Kirkcudbright, and Arman, which contains about 4,500 Acres, until of late Years was presented to the House, and Tead; alleging, that, have been very good, and of great Advantage to the if the Rivets Nithand Annan were cleaned, deepened, several Owners thereof, and worth 10 Acre; but and made more perfectly navigable, the River Nith that the fame, for Seven Years last part, having been from Orafihorne to the Dock of Dumfries, and the River overflowed with Water, the same Land has been of little Annan from Seafield to the Bridge ot Annan, and, if the or no Value:

Pier of the Burgh of Kircudbright were repaired, and the That the said Level lies contiguous to the River Cam, Harbour rendered moTe commodious for Shipping, by and Ouse, and is capable of being drained, if the fime was cleaning the River Dee, the same would be a great Benefit imbanked, and proper Outfalls made, to discharge the to the adjacent Countries, which lie uncultivated, by Water into the common Rivers, and from thence into the »7 Sea;

a;

«a

St!

Geo. It

2 89 Februarii.

Sea; which the Committee find, cannot be done without proper Authority for that Purpose,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for draining WaterbeachLevel, in the County of Cambridge

and that Mr. Thomas Bacon, Sir John Hynde , Mr. Shepheard, and Mr. Henry Bromley, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Lighthoun and

Mr. Thurslon:

Mr. Speaker,

bpimt'i The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act tc.Na. for naturalizing Peter Lapierre, John Stephen Benezet, Stephen Tejfser, and Godfrey with some Amend-

ments; to which Amendments their Lordships desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Lavjof Ordered, That the Lord William have Leave

Abfecce. to go into the Country for Ten Days, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That John Hylton, Esquire, have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Gfoj-btpn-, A Petition of Arthur Geoghegan, alias Stafford, Esquire, Nwt. was presented to the House, and read; fetnng forth, that a Marriage has been lately solemnized between the Petitioner and Susanna O'Brion, one of the Two Sifters, and Coheirs of Wm. Stafford, late of in the County of Northampton, Esquire, deceased; and, before the Marriage was had, by Indenture the Petitioner's now Wife did limit and settle upon Trustees the Manors, Lands, and Premises, therein particularly mentioned, for the Petitioner's Life, subject to a Proviso, that the Petitioner should, immediately after his Marriage, take upon him the Surname of Stafford only, without the Addition of any other Surname, and should endeavour to procure, within Three Years after, an Act of Parliament for that Purpose; and in case he should neglect, or refute, so to do, that then the Estate, so limited, as aforesaid, to the Petitioner, should be utterly void: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enabling the Petitioner to take and use the Surname of Stafford, without the Addition of any other Surname, pursuanf to a Deed of Settlement, made upon his Marriage with Susanna, one of the Sifters, and Coheirs, of William Stafford, late of Blatherwick, in the County of Northampton, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and Chat the Lord Finch, Colonel Bladen, and Mr. Thomas Noel, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

klpott new A Petition of the several Persons, who have thereunto subscribed their Names, Inhabitants of the Borough of Gosport, in the County of Southampton, on the behalf of themselves and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Borough, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the said Borough is a large populous Town, inhabited with all Sorts of Tradesmen and Artificers, and lies in the Parish of Alverstoke, in the County of Southampton, Two Miles distant from the Parish Church of Aherfccke, which is so small, that it will not contain one Half of the Number of Inhabitants; and therefore the Inhabitants of the said Borough of Gosport did some Time (ince, by voluntary Contributions of the neighbouring Gentlemen, build a Chapel in the said Town, which was consecrated; but no Provision being made for the Mini-fler, or for the Repairs of the Chapel, and the Petitioners being unable to support him, or keep the Chapel in proper Repair, without the Aid of Parliament, and being de-(irous, the same may be done, by laying a small Duty on Coals, to be imported into the said Town, they pray, that a Bill may be brought in for the Purposes aforesaid, and that such Relief may be given in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Vol. 21. "

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House: ....

And it is referred to Mr. Hughes, Lord Harry , lett, Mr. York, Colonel Bladen, Sir John Sir John

Norris, Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Lord Morpeth,

Mr. Hedworth, Mr. Bowes, Mr Mr

Mr. Conduitt, Mr. Byng, Mr. Sandys, Mr. , Mr. Leveson Gower, Sir Wilfrid Lawson, Mr. Kelfall, Lord Finch, Mr. Pturner, Mr. Ingram, Mr. Mr.

ley, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Taylor, Mr Lord Archibald Hamilton, Mr. Psnvlcti, Mr. Mr*

Alderman Child, Lord Archibald Mr.

Mr. Morgan, Mr. Oglethorpe, Mr. Mr. Worsev,

Mr. Bridges, Mr. Pitt, Mr Norand all the Mem-' berS, that serve for the County of Southampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for. Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Humfrey Wyrley, Esquire, lately called , Humfrey Wyrley Birch, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that by the Settlement, made on the Marriage of the Petitioner's Father, Peter Birch, Doctor in Divinity, deceased, With Sibil/, his Wife, also deceased, one of the Daughters, of Humfrey Wyrley, of Hall, in the County of Stafford, Esquire, deceased, several Manors, Lands, and Premises, in the Counties of Stafford and Warwick, are limited to the Use of the Petitioner, and the Heirs Male of his Body, if the Petitioner* and bisHeirs Male, should use and bear the Surname and Arms of Wyrley; and, in Default thereof, there are divers other Limitations and Remainders over in the said Indenture: That the Petitioner hath attained his Age of Years, and taken the Name of Wyrley upon him, and is desirous to comply with the Terms and Conditions of the said Settlement, as far as he can: And praying, that Lave may be given to bring in a Bill for confirming and settling the Surname of Wyrley on the Petitioner, and his Heirs and Issue Male, pursuant to a Deed of Settlement, made on the Marriage of the Petitioner's Father, Peter Birch, Doctor in Divinity, deceased, with.his Wife also deceased, one of the Daughters of Humfrey,

of Hampfted Hall, in the County of Stafford, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Coffin and Mr. Papillon do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Sir Theodore Janjfen Was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that by an Act, of the Seventh Year of his late Majesty's Reign, which received t he Royal Assent the Twenty-ninth of July, 1721, all the Petitioner's Estates, real and personal, were vested in Trustees for the Use of the South Sea Company, from the First Day of June, 1720, and the Petitioner was thereby directed to deliver up his said Estates to the said Trustees on the Twentieth Day of September, 1721; which he accordingly complied with, and has fmee, in pursuance of the said Act, conveyed and assigned to the said Trustees all his Estates, amounting to about Two hundred thousand Pounds, clear of his Allowance, and all Claims: That he is informed, he was at Liberty to have laid out the Income and Produce of the said Estates from the said First Day of June, 1720, to the said Twentieth of,

172:1, in Expences for himself and Family, without being accountable for the fame; but he favtd of such Income, within that Time, about Nine thousand Pounds, which he delivered to the Trustees with his other Estates; which. Income Was the Produce of the Estate he had been long possessed of, and no Part of it gained by the South Sea Scheme; and he, being a considerableLofer by that Trani-action, and by much the greatest Sufferer by the said Act, hopes, it will be thought reasonable, that such part of his said Income, as was not expended, should be for the Benefit of him, and his numerous Family: And therefore 3 Q praying.

Birch1*

Name-

Janffcnf*

Estate.

2 4 6

2 8 s Februarii.

H. 1728.

praying, (hat the Trustees for the South Sea Company iliay be obliged to pay the same accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring* in a Bill according to the Prayer of the said Petition 5 and that the Lord Marquis of Heirtingt 0119 Sir IFm. Yonge, and Colonel Bladen, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Gore'«

Marriage

Scrt/ernent.

A Petition of Hannah Gore-, Wife of John Gore, and a]so of William Gore and Jeremy Esquires,

Trustees, appointed by her Marriage Settlement, for her, and her Infant Children, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that by the Articles, made in July, 1717, on the said Hannah's Marriage with Gore, it was agreed, that Twenty-one thousand Pounds, the Moiety of which was her Fortune, should be laid Out in Lands, and settled on her, for her Jointure, and he, out of his personal Estate, to give Five thousand Pounds among the younger Children: That, towards the said Jointure, which was understood to be One thousand Pounds per Annum, Two Estates, amounting to

County, next to the Parish of , in the County of

Hertford; and they conceive themselves aggrieved by a CJaule or Clauses in the said Bill: And praying, that they may be heard by themselves, or Counsel, against the fame, or that the House will otherwise relieve them.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations do lay before this House, the Complaints of several Merchants touching their Losses, sustained in the West Indies, in order to be laid before the Congressat

Ordered, That the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, do lay before this House, all such Accounts, as they have received, relating to any Depredations, made by the on

his Majesty's Subjects in America for five Years past.

Refblved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to give Direction, that the several Instructions, given to the late

West India Trade.

Seven hundred and Forty-seven Pounds per Annum, have Admiral Hojier, and to any other Commander in chief, been purchased, and settled; but the unhappy Turn of who succeeded him in the IVft Indies, to the Twenty-Affairs in the Year 1720 interrupted the completing of fifth of March, 1728, be laid before this House. the Jointure: That the South Sea Company, on the Pe- That an humble Address be presented to his

titioner's Claims, grounded on the said Marriage Articles, Majesty, that he wili be graciously pleased to give Di-and Settlement, are to pay Five thousand Pounds among rection, that Copies cf all the Letters, lo far as they

the younger Children of the said John Gore by the said Marriage: That he has several Children, and, being in Trade, cannot, without great Prejudice to his family, make up the Jointure; but the said Wm. Gore, and Jeremy Sambroke, or one of them, in regard to the

Circumstances of this Cafe, are willing, in case the Company, or their Trustees shall be directed to make immediate Payment of the said Five thousand Pounds to them, to give a real Security for the fame: And therefore

praying, that the said Five thousand Pounds, upon such Security being given, to answer the same to the said younger Children, or, in case of their Decease, to the

relate to the said Inllruftions, written by Admiral Hosier, or the Commander in Chief, who succeeded him, to the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, and to his Majesty's principal Secretaries of State, from the First of June, 1720, to the Twenty-fifth of March last, and likewise Copies of all the Letters, so far as they relate also to the said Instructions, written by the said Commissioners or their Secretary, and the principal Secretaries of State, to any of the said Commanders within the said Time, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to his said Company, may be paid to them, in order to complete Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his

I /* 1 T 4 i a r xx ft lx xx v« /\i lx I xx« m. />« 1

Raymond's

Estate.

Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

A Petition of John Elout was presented to the House, and read; setting forth., that he was born out of his Majesty's Allegiance; but is a Protestant, and has given good Proof of his Loyalty, and Affection to Great Britain: And praying, that his Name may be inserted in the Bill depending in this House, for naturalizing John Jacob Dillenius, and Bridget

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Samuel Hen. Trollope,

Beech, Loftus Bright-well, and Henry Symmcnds, whose he might have expended, as he apprehends, for the Main- Names, are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, tenance of himself and Family, the whole Produce of the and others, who are Proprietors in the capiral Stock of the said Jointure.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition j and that Sir William Strickland and Mr. Sandys do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Colonel Hugh Raymond was presented so the House, and read; letting forth, that by an Act, which had the Royal Allent in July, 1721, all the Petitioner's Estates, real and personal, were veiled in Trustees, for the Use of the South Sea Company, from the First of June, 1720, and he was thereby directed to deliver up all his Estate and Effects on the Twentieth of September, 1721; which he accordingly complied with: That

Elont's

Nat

Sword

Blade

Company.

the Governor and Company for making hollow Sword-blades in England, was offered to the House.

And the Question being put, That the Petition be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

A Petition of the Clothiers within the West Riding of York Cloth the County of York, was presented to the House, and Manufcdaie.

Profits of his Estate between the said First of June, 1720, and the said Twentieth of September, 1721; but he saved thereout, by his Frugality, £. 3,500. or upwards; and, as he in all Respects complied with the Directions of the said Act, and a great Sum has accrued to the South Sea Company from his Estate, he prays to be relieved as to the said Sum, which he might have expended, but saved, as aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, read; setting forth, that the Act for the better regulating

according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that the Manufacture of Cloth in the said Riding, made in the

Mr. Alderman Perry and Mr. Glanvile do prepare and Eleventh Year of his late Majesty's Reign, has not

brin» in the fame. wrought the desired Effect of preventing several Abuses,

0 intended to have been thereby prevented, and especially

Shoreditch, A Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, Overseers with respect to the stamping and l'ealing the Cloths by the be.Roads. of the Poor, Constables, and other Inhabitants, of the Owners, Occupiers, or Fulling-mill-men; That by the Parish of St. John at Hackney, in the County of Middle- Four Pence a Cloth, paid for stamping and sealing at the sex, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. Mills, there is now arilen a very considerable Sum in the that the Petitioners observe, that a Bill is brought into Hands of the Treasurer of the said Riding: That in the the House, for making more effectual the Acts, passed for obtaining of the said Act several of the Petitioners were at repairing the Road from the Stones End in Shoreditch, in considerable Expences: And therefore praying, that the the County of Middh-sex, to the furthermost Part of the Hdufe will redrel's the Grievances of the Fulling-mill-men, Northern Road in the Farith of Enfield, in the same and impower the Justices of the Peace for the said Riding, . to

"re:

hi

si

».l

All

C f*'-r

ik-

saii

448;

'i'J

i^tdi

'vj{

'fa

'hi)

k,

'l!

a.

2 Geo. iL

28° Febru

247

to reimburse the said Clothiers out of the said Money in the Treasurer's Hands, or by such other Means, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the faici Petition fee referred, to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report thfe lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is. referred to Mr. , Sir Strickland,

Sir IVm.Milner, Mr. Kelfall, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Clay ion, Mr. Lozvther, Sir IVm. L/OwMr. Mr. Plumps

tre, Mr. Conduitt. Sir Roger Mr. Doddington,

Mr. Levejon Gower, Sir 'Thomas , Mr.

Mr. Metcalfe, Mr. York, Mr. Mr. Turner, Mr.

Taylor, Mr. Hucks, Colonel Bladen, Lord Mr.

Cary, and all the Members that serve for the County of York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

York Cloth A Petition of the J . ft ices of the Peace of the West Xaifrfiute. Riding of the County of York, met at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, held in and for the said Riding, by Adjournment, the Fifteenth Day

of January, in the second Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Second, of iBritain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, isle, and of the Grand Jury at the same Quarter Sessions, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, that the Provision, made by an Act, of the Eleventh Year of his late Majesty's Reign, for the better regulating the Manufacture of Cloth in the West Riding of the County of York, for sealing and damping the Woollen Cloths by the Mailer, Owner* or Occupier, of Fulling-mills, has been found insufficient to prevent Ibme Frauds and Abuses in the Woollen Manufacture, intended to be prevented by the said Act; and that the evil Combinations and Practices of many Millers, and Clothiers, have been the Occasion of other Frauds and Abuses in the said Manufacture, and, particularly, of damping the Cloth at such Mills to be of greater Lengths, than the true Lengths thereof: That the growing, or Ihrinking, of the Cloth, or other Alteration thereof, in a small Time after its being taken out of the Stocks, not 9nly renders the Convictions of the Miller,

Sof Abuses, very difficult, but frequently exposes ir Miller to be convicted of wrong damping such Cloth: That the Petitioners conceive, that, if Inspectors were appointed, and such Regulations provided, as in the Act, of the Thirteenth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, for the better Regulation of the Woollen Manufacture, many Abuses might be prevented: And therefore they pray, to have such Inspectors, or such other Remedy, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Clothiers within the West Riding of the County of is referred; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

jtqgjryjnto Mr. Oglethorpe, from the Committee, appointed to wbuieof enquire into the State of the Gaols of this Kingdom, acquainted the House, that the Committee had entered upon their Enquiry into the State of the Fleet Prison; and had directed him to report to the House, how highly the Warden of the said Prison had misbehaved himself upon that Occasion: And he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as follows; viz.

That, upon the Receipt of a Letter this Morning, being the 28th Day of February, 1728, from Sir Rich, Baronet, complaining of severe Treatment from Mr.

Bambridge, Warden of the Fleet, since his Examination before the Committee, the Committee thereupon examined the said Sir IVm. Rich, and found.

That, so soon as the Committee adjourned Yesterday, lie, the said Sir William, had his Legs loaded with Irons, and Handcuffs put on, by an Agent of the Warden's, Yoi. 21.

much straiter than those, that were on i before his Examination; so that his Wrists were much fwuln, and he was in Torture all Night. ....

Mr. Bambridge being called in, and examined, what Induced him to Change Sir Witt. Ric Handcuffs, and put on straiter, by which he was in great Pain and Torture all Night;

The said Bambridge answered, that one of the Handcuffs Was broke Yesterday; and that he bad no other Reason for changing the m.

That, upon the Inspection of the Committee Yesterday, it appeared, that the Handcuffs, which Sir Rich bad on, before he was brought to the Committee, were found and good, and after they were weighed, were returned unbrqken to Mr. Bambridge, or his Agents.

That it further appears to this Committee, that the changing the Handcuffs of Sir William Rich, and the ill Treatment he has met with from the Ward n, and his Agents, was the consequence of Sir William Rich's having given Evidence to this Committee, and was in order to intimidate others from giving further Evidence to this Committee.

Resolved, nemine contradicetite. That Thomas Esquire, Warden of his Majesty's Prison of the Fleet, having misused, in a very cruel and barbarous Manner,

Sir William Rich, now a Prisoner in his Custody, for having given Evidence before a Committee of this House, is guilty of a high Indignity to r: is House, a Contempt of the Authority, and a Breach of the Privilege, thereof.

Ordered, nemine contradicente, That the said Thomas

Bambridge be, for his laid Offence, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That the Committee, appointed to enquire into the State of the Gaols of this Kingdom, have Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

The Order for the House to resolve itself into a Ways Committee of the whole House, to consider further of and Means. Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, being read;

Ordered, That the Account of what Arrears of former Land Taxes are now remaining in the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Sir Charles Turner also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Money stolen whole House, to whom the Bill for making good the °ut '^e Loss, occasioned by a Sum of Money being stolen out of *c cquer' his Majesty's Exchequer in the>Year 1724, was committed, be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning Supply Bill;

next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Land upon the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Brita, for the Service of the Year 172$.

And

248

280 Februarii. — 3'

And then the Ilouf adjourned till

Morning nest, Nine of the Clock.

Leave of Ab fence.

Spittlefclda Parish, &c.

Dillon % forfeited Klbtc.

Lunte, 30 die;

Anno x* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1728.

P R A YEli S.

&fOHN Elout took the Oaths appointed, in order to y his Naturalization.

Ordered That Robert Eyre, Esquire, have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Bill for making the Hamlet of in the

Parish of 5/. Dunstan Stebunheathalias Stepney, in the County of Middlesex, adiflinct Parish, and for providing a Maintenance for the Minister of such new Parish, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Lord Gage presented to the House (according to Order) a Bill to enable Charles Dillon, Son of Arthur Dillon, and his Brothers, to take several Lands, Tenements,

Martii. 1728.

Monday Order) a Bill to enable Humphrey Esquire (lately

called Humphrey IVyrley Birch') and his Heirs and Issue Male, to take and use the Surname of , pursuant

" 10 the Deed of Settlement made on the Marriage of

Peter Birch, Doctor in Divinity, with the Daughter of Humphrey IVyrley, Esquire, deceased; and the same was deceived.

A Petition of the several Merchants, and others, Spanifo trading to America, from the Port of Liverpoote, in the Depredation} County Palatine of Lancaster, jn behalf of themselves, Amentia

and many others, was presented to the House, and read lJU*‘ complaining, that, for several Years part, the EritiJfj Trade and Navigation to and from the several Colonies in America has been greatly interrupted, and exposed to the continual Depredations of the Spaniards in those Seas, where they have taken, and made Prize of, great Numbers of British Ships and Vessds, in their Passage to and from this Kingdom and the said Colonies, several of which did belong to the said Port, whereby the said valuable Trade is in danger of being loft; and the Petitioners being without Kennedy, for want of proper Powers for the Recovery of their Lodes, the Spaniards It ill continue their Depredations against his Majesty's Subjects in those Parts, and have treated such as have fallen into

and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Mayo, Rofcotnmon, their Hands, in a very barbarous and cruel Manner r And

and M/efl Meath, in Ireland, after the Death of the now Lord Dillon without Heirs Male of his Body, as fully and effectually, as if the said Arthur Dillon were dead, and had never been outlawed, and to make Provision for the Daughters of the now Lord Dillon, in case he should die without HTue Male; and the same was received, and read the First time.

And it being objected that several Clauses in the Bill were filled up, which should have been left Blank; and other Objections being made to other Parts of the Bill;

Ordered, That Leave be given to withdraw the said Bill.

And the Bill was withdrawn accordingly.

Whittlesey

Drainage.

praying the Confederation of the House, and such timely Remedy, as to the House shall teem fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of divers Merchants, and others, trading to and interested in, the British Plantations in America, in behalf of themselves, and many others, is referred.

A Bill for the more effectual collecting in Great Britain and Ireland, and other parts of his Majesty's Dominions, the Duties granted for the Support of the royal Hospital at Greemvich, was read a Second time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

;:.;j

Gwmvich

Hospital

Duties.

Li -

IE I

: Pcv

A Bill for draining the low Lands, and Fen Grounds, in the Township of WhittleJ'ey, within the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bromley, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Shepheard, Mr. Bacon, Mr. fVimington, Sir John

Hind Cotton, Sir IVm. Yonge, Mr. Conduitt, Sir Edmund Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this Bacon, Mr. Gore, Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Scrope, Sir Richard House, an Account of all the Money, that has been re- Loiter/ij'ij r

Lane, Mr. Bigg, Lord Hartington, Mr. Bertie, Sir Thomas ceived for the Payment of Principal and interest for the r.

Read, Colonel Read, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Clayton, Sir Lottery of 1713, to Lady-day, 1728, together with the

Charles Turner, Sir Edward Knatchbull, Mr. Clevland, Charges of Management, distinguishing each Year, and

Sir Thomas Lyttelton, Sir John Rufhout, Mr. Bowes, the each half-yearly Discharge of the principal Money,

advanced on the said Lottery. f:

Receipts for.

Mr. Lyficr, Mr. Pacey, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Kefall, Mr. Fane, Mr. Sir

Richard El/ys, Sir Roivland Alflon, Mr. Byng, Mr.

Mr. Banks, Mr. Page, Mr. Townshend; and all the

A Bill for raising the Sum of One Million Two hundred and Fifty thousand Pounds, Sale of Annuities to

Members, that serve for the Counties of Cambridge, the Bank of England, after the Rate of Four Pounds per Bedford, Lincoln, Norfolk, and Northampton: And they Centum per Annum, redeemable by Parliament, and for are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the applying the Produce of the Sinking Fund, was read a Speaker's Chamber.

Supply Bill: Sale of An nuiiies, 6c

South Sea Company.

A Bill to discharge the Trustees, appointed by an Act, of the Seventh Year of his late Majesty's Reign, for raising Money upon the Estates of the late Directors of the South Sea Company, and others, of their Trust, and to vest in the said Company such of the Estates, which House, upon the said Bill were vested in the said Trustees, as remain undisposed of, as also the Produce of such Estates and Effects, as have been disposed of by the Trustees, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon fVednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

aa

hi

Vjj,

etc

iju

The Lord Finch reported to the House, that their Addresses, of Friday last, That his Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the several Instructions, given to the late Admiral liofier, and to any

Answer to Address

St

Mu

r*

h

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee other Commander in chief, who succeeded him in

the

‘Kiel

vies'

Birch's

fc'amc.

Wes Indies, to the Twenty-fifth of March, 1728 j and also, that (Spies of all the Letters, so far as they relate

to the said Instructions, written by Admiral or the Commander in chief, who succeeded him, to the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral Mr. Papillon presented to the House (according to of and to his Majesty's principal Secretaries

15 of

of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

4 Geo. II. 3* ----- -4°

of State, from the Firstof June, 1726, to the Twenty-fifth of March last, and likewise Copies of all the Letters, so far as they relate also to the said Instructions, written by the said Commissioners, or their Secretary, and the principal Secretaries of State, to any of the said Commanders within the said Time, may be laid before this House, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that his Majesty will give Directions, that the said Copies of Letters, and other Papers, defircdj be laid before this House.

Ceohfgjo'j The Lord Finch presented to the House, (according to Nimc. Order) a Bill to enable Arthur alias

Esquire, to take upon him the Surname of Stafford, only j and the same was received.

Sir Charles Turner (according to Order) reported from Me, DS' the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as follows; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Eleven thousand Six hundred Ninety-four Pounds, Seventeen Shillings, and Eight Pence Halfpeny, remaining in the lleceipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, on Arrears of former Land Taxes, be applied towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-nine.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the t. House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, hr the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-nine, is committed, that they do receive a Clause, pursuant to the said Resolution.

Privilege The House being informed, that Robert of the Post Office, London, and also John Stanley, attended at the Door, according to Order;

' The said Robert Giddins was called in, and examined at the Bar, touching the written News Letter, lent to Gloucester, from whence the Paragraph in the Gloucester Journal, relating to the Proceedings of this House, complained of the Eighteenth Day of February lait, was printed.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

And the said John Stanley was called in, and examined.

v And1 he owning the said written News Letter to be his;

and he being withdrawn;

Resolved, That the said John Stanley having presumed to write and disperse a written News Letter, containing an Account of feme Proceedings of this House, is guilty of a Breach of the Privilege of this House.

Ordered, That the said John Stanley be, for his said Breach of Privilege, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

The other Orders of the Day being read j j Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday J Morning next, Tefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

j gM, The Order being read, for the House to resolve itself Lu/lax.' into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to , be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-nine j

Vol. 21.,

Martii. 249

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said tom-mittee, that they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, for making good the Deficiency of the Land Tax for the Year One thousand Seven-hundred and Twenty-Even, out of the Loans or! this Act.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till1 Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 4.0 die Martii;

Anno 20 Georgii IIdl Regis, 1728.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the incorporated Society of Mer- Spanifti _ chants-adventurers within the City of Bristol, was ^Americari presented to the House, and read j complaining, that the Trade. British Trade to and from America, by the continual Depredations and Hostilities of the in those

Seas, is become almost as liable to Capture, and Con-fifeation, as in Time of open War, and is rendered unsafe and precarious: And therefore praying the Confederation of the House, and such Redress as to the House shall feein fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Considerationdf the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of divers Merchants, and others, trading to, and interested in, the British Plantations in America, in behalf of themselves, and many others, is referred.

A Bill for naturalizing Johh Jacob Dillenius, and Diiknius' Bridget Pollard, was read a Second t inie. *c. Nat*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Vincent,

Dr. Sayer, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Holland, Mr. Pacey, Mr.

Tijneil, Sir Edward Knatchbull, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Andrews,

Mr. Conduitt, Mr. Hucks, Mr. Gybbon, Sir Geo.

Mr. Campbell, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Martin, Mr.

Plumptre, Mr. Page, Mr. Alderman Child, Mr. Winning* ton, Mr. Sandys, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Mr.

York, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Geers, Mr. Gregory, Sir 77/o. Read: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Petition of John Etoul, which was ordered to lie upon the Table until the Second Reading of the said Bill, be referred to the said Committee; and that they do admit the Petitioner into the said Bill, if they think fit.

A Bill to enable HumfrtyWyrley, Esquire, lately called Birch'i Humphrey Wyrley Birch, and his Heirs and Issue Male, to Name, take and use the Surname of Wyrley, pursuant to the Deed of Settlement, made on the Marriage of Peter Birch,

Doctor in Divinity, with the Daughter of Humfrey Iffyrley, Esquire, deceased, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House proceeded (according to Order) to the Beverley hearing the Matter of the Petition of Sir Charles Hot ham, Eleaion. Baronet, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Beverley, in the County of York.

And the Counsel were called in.

And the said Petition was read*

A«nd the Petitioner's Counsel examined several Witnesses, in order to disqualify several Persons, who voted for the fitting Member, Mr. Bradshaw.

After which the Petitioner's Counsel summed up their Evidence., I

Arid then the Counsel were directed to withdraw.

3 It Ordered,

o

25°

4® — 50

A. 1728.

Ordered, That the further hearing the Matter of the County of Middlesex, prefen ted to the House the Twenty*

Money stolen out of the Exchequer.

Dorchester

Writ.

said Petition be adjourned till Morning next,

The other Order of the Day being read

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for making good the Loss, occasioned by a Sum of Money being stolen out of his Majesty's Exchequer in the Year 1724 ..... be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered \That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown* to make out a new Writ, for the ele<sting a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Dorch in the County of Dorset, in the room of William C Esquire, Serjeant at Law, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Justice of the Counties of

Carnarvon, and Anglesey, in the Principality of Wales.

Dumarton, Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee &c. filcfhotn of priviieges ancj Elections, that the Examination, and Enquiry, whether the several Petitions, to them referred, relating to the EJeftion and Return for the District of Boroughs of Dumbarton, RenfreWi and Rutber-

glen, are the fame, in Substance, with those presented

eighth Day of February last, and which was ordered to lie upon the Table until the Second Reading of the said Bill, be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed and that the Petitioners, if they think fir, be heard by themselves, or Counsel, before the Committee; against the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard for the said Bill at the same time.

Mr. Brown presented to the House (according to Order) a Bill for the Relief of insolverit Debtors* and the same was received.

Ordered, That the Report From the Committee of Privilege. Privileges and Elections, touching the Complaint, made to the House the Seventeenth Day of February last, That Mr. Thomas Jufon, Reftorof Wartfted, in the County of Essex, William Haddon, John Brooks, and Richard ter, have, in a forcible Manner, entered upon Part of the Possessions of the Right honourable Richard, Viscount Cajllemain, in the Kingdom of Ireland, a Member of this House, at Wanfied aforesaid, and have cut down a Fence, and committed Spoil there, in Breach

last Sessiont and signed by the same Persons, and the Qf the prlvl]Cge of this House, be received upon Friday Enquiry into the manner of obtaining, and figmng, the vfnrnintr ,p*r

c.:a Ka auo/ning next.

laid Petitions, which were appointed to be made before the said Coihmittee rhis Afternoon, be made before the said Committee upon Monday, the Twenty-fourth Day of March instant.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ligkthoun and Mr. Boroughs:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have parted a Bill, intituled, An Act for exemplifying the several Wills and Codicils of James, late Earl of Anglesey, and John, late Earl of Anglesey, and for making the same Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity in Great Britain and Irelandj to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House,

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill for enlarging the Term granted by an Act, passed in the Parliament, holden in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of the Jate Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act " for repairing the Highways between Shepardsfhord " and Gate, leading down Hill, in

" the County of Wilts, and other ruinous Parts of High-' ways thereunto adjacent," and for making the said Act more effectual, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Holland, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Brown, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Ward, Mr. Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bertie, Mr. Mr. Bertie, Sir Charles Wager,

Mr. Alderman Child, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Gibson, Mr. sir Robert Clifton, Sir Geo. Saville, Mr. Mr.

Metcalfe, Mr. Gould, Sir Edward Knatchbull, Mr. Scrope, Hope, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Hughes, Mr. Pacey, Mr. Plumer, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Jacomb, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Tufnell, Mr. Conduitt, Mr. Andrews, Mr. Anne fey,

Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Byng, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Sir Mr. Metcalf, Sir Orl. Bridgman, Mr. Winmngton, Mr. James Campbell, Mr. Earle, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Hucks, Mr. Ongley, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Sir Wilfrid Lawson, Mr. Lewen, Mr. Ward, Mr. Ft went, Sir Charles Wager, Mr. Serjeant Birch, Sir Mr. Heathcote, Mr. Cross,

Ha/fey, Mr. Holland, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Page, Mr. Edwards, Sir John Rufbout, Mr. Clayton; and all Mr. Martin, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Master, Mr. Gascoign, tj,e Members, that serve for the Counties of and

Mr. Lee, Mr. Leveson Gower, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Orlebar,: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five Mr. Ongley, Sir Geo. Cafwall, Mr. Gay, Mr. Morrice-, of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber, and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Hertford, Huntingdon, Cambridge, Lincoln, York, An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act and North Britain, and for_ the City of London: And for exemplifying the several Wills and Codicils of James, they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, iate Earl of Anglesey, and John, late Earl of in the Speaker's Chamber. and for making the same Evidence in all Courts ot Law

Ordered, That the Petition of the Minister, Constables, and Equity in Great Britain and Ireland, was read the

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 50 Martii;

Anno 4* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1728.

Pit AVERS.

Shoreditch. A BILL for making more effectual the Acts, parted fcc.Road. jfxfor repairing the Road from the Stones End in Shoreditch, in the County of to the furthermost

Part of the Northern Road in the Parish of Enfield, in the same County, next to the Parish of Cheshunt, in the County of Hertford, was read a Second time.

Shepard-shord, See. Roads.

H

:? ti

'f

ft

Rflicf of Insolvent Debtor},

Earl of AnglefevV Will.

Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Inhabitants, of the Parish of St. Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, presented to the House the Twenty-fourth Day ot February last, and which was ordered to lie upon

First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

_ A Bill to enable Arthur Geohegan, alias Stafford,

the 1 able until the Second Reading of the said Bill, be Esquire, to take upon him the Surname of Stafford only, referred to the Consideration of the Committee to was read the First time.

Geohegan's

Name.

wii 'in the said Bill is committed* and that the Petitioners, if they think fit, be heard by themselves, or Counsel, before the Committee, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, Constables, and other Inhabitants, of the Parish of John at Hackney, in the 2 2

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, Piim thing and for the better Payment of the Army and their Wuiinvamt Quarters, was read the Third time. Desertion.

Resolved, That the Bill do pafsj and that the Title be,

An

sii

J

Hi I

lu

Earl of

AnelfWi

Will/

V

rj

rr c

' p

-it; t(

'♦'I.:.;

it

nci

3*

2 Geu. II. 5tt — 6°M 25 i

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary at War do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

I«reof Ordered, That John Brown Esquire, have Leave to go

AbfeDce. jnt0 tj)C country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Mion's The Lord Gage presented to the House (according to forfeited Order) a Bill to enable Charles Son of Arthur

Eft«e. Dillon, and his Brothers, to take several Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Mayo., Rojcwimon, and ff'ejl Meath, in Ireland, after the Death

of the now Lord Dillon without Heirs Male of his Body, as fully and effectually, as if the said Arthur Dillon were dead, and had never been outlawed, and to make Provision for the Daughters of the now Lord ,in case he should die without Issue Male; and the same was received and read the First time.

And the Question being put. That the Bill be read a Second time;

The House divided:

The Y eas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas, f Mr

Terror the Noes, {*"*£ % J m.

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill be rejected.

Sir Charles burner reported from the Committee, that they had made fbme Progress in the Bill, and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit

again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Money stolea

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the ®ut lbc whole House, to whom the Bill for making good the *c,e<Ju<r* Loss, occasioned by a Sum of Money being stolen out of his Majesty's Exchequer in the Year 1724 . . 6e received upon Friday Morning next.

Committees.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

yovisy 6° die Martii;

Anno a# Georgii IIJi Regis, 1728.

Prayers.

Til ELord Malpas presented to the House (according Suppression to Order) a Bill for the better suppressing of Piracy, of Piracy, and for giving all Prizes, taken from the Enemy, to the Captors; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill read a Second time.

yf, |,y Mr. Pelham, from the Commissioners for Trade and Trade to Plantations, presented to the House, pursuant to their Amciiu. Order, A Schedule of such Losses, as have been sustained by British Subjects in their Shipping and Effects, taken from them in America, from the Treaty of Utrecht to the Treaty of Hanover, and from the Treaty of Hanover to the present Time, so far as they have come to the Knowledge of the said Commissioners.

And the Title thereof was read;

The said Schedule is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Schedule do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Gwi»ich The Orders of the Day being read;

Hospiul. Refohed, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Establishment of Greenxvich Hospital

Win Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning laMom. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Cockhurn, from the Commissioners for executing spanifl* the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, pre- Depredation fented to the House, pursuant to their Order, Copies of on American such Accounts, as the said Commissioners have received. Trade, relating to any Depredations, made by the Spaniards on his Majesty's Subjects in America for Five Years past;

I# Bill;

of An> *wes, fcc.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for raising the Sum of One Million Two hundred and Fifty thousand Pounds, by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England, after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum, redeemable by Parliament, and for applying the Produce of the Sinking Fund.

Sippiy. Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

bfplf Billj The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-nine*

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles burner took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Vox.. 21.

viz.

1. Extract of a Letter from George Phenny, Esquire; Governor of the Bahama Islands, 15 April, 1725, to Mr. Burchett:

2. Extract of a Letter from Barrow Harris, Esquire, at Jamaica, 2 May, 1725, to Mr.

3. Extract of a Letter from Captain Commander of the Scarborough, at Carolina, 15 September, 1725, to Mr. Burchett:

4. Extiaft of a Letter from George Phenny, Esquire, Governor of the Bahama Islands, 10 November, 172ft, to Mr. Burchett:

5. Extract of a Letter from Captain Delgarno, Commander of his Majesty's Ship the South Sea Castle, dated at Antegoa the 5th oi March, 1724, to Mr. Burchett:

6. Extract of a Letter from Edward St Lo, Esquire, at Jamaica, 27 September, 1727, to Mr. Burchett:

7. Extract of a Letter from Edward St. Lo, Esquire; at Jamaica, 19 May, 1728, to Mr. Burchett:

8. Extract of a Letter from Edward St. Lo, Esquire; at Jamaica, 24 June, 1728, to Mr.

9. Extract of a Letter from Captain Davers, Commander of his Majesty's Ship the Dolphin, dated at Barbadoes, 27 June, 1728, to Mr. Burchett:

10. Extract of a Letter from Edward St. Lo, Esquire, at Jamaica, 4 July, 1728, to Mr. Burchett:

11. Extract of a Letter from Captain Davers, Commander of his Majesty's Ship Dolphin, in Carlisle Bay; dated 19 July, 1728, to Mr. Burchett:

12. Extract of a Letter from Captain Berkeley, Commander of th z Rippon, at Spit head, 3 August, 1728, to

Mr. Burchett t

t$. Extract of a Letter from Edward St. Lo, Esquire, at Jamaica, 5 August, 1728; to Mr. Burchett:

14. Extract ot a Letter from Robert Hunter, Esquire, Governor of Jamaica, 5 August, 1728, to Mr. Burchett:

15. Extract of a Letter from Captain Berkeley, Commander of the Rippon,. at Spit head, 16 August, 1728, to Mr. Burchett:

16, Extract

252 t$0 Martii. A. 1728.

16. Extract of a Letter from Esquire,

at Jamaica, 25 August, 1728, to Mr. Burchett:

17. Extract of a Letter from Edward St. Lo, Esquire* at Jamaica, 14 September, 1728, to Mr. Burchett.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of divers Merchants, and others, trading to, and interested in, the British Plantations in in behalf

of themselves, and many others, is referred.

The said Papers are hound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Inflruflioni Mr. Treasurer presented to the House, purfdant to to Naval their Addresses to his Majesty, of Friday last, in°WestBdCr* Copies of instructions, and Letters, from his Majesty's Indies. principal Secretary of State to Vice-admiral Hosier, and the Commanders in chief, who l'ucceeded him in the West Indies, to March 25, 1728; as also, Copies of Letters from the said Vice admiral Hojier, and -Commanders in chief, to his Majesty's principal Secretary of State, from June, 1726, to 1728; together

with a List of them.

And the said Lift was read, and is as followeth; viz.

1. Copy of Jrtftructions to Vice-admiral Hosier, March 28, 1726.

2. Copy of a Letter from Vice-admiral Hosier to his

Grace the Duke of Newcastle: , June 25,

1726} inclosing,

Copy of an Account of Vice-admiral s Proceedings: Bajlimentos, June 28, 1726:

Translation of the President of Peru and Porto

Answer to Vice-admiral Porto , July 8,

1726, N. S.

Translation of the General of the Galleoons Answer to Vice-admiral Hofer: Porto Bello, July 8, 1726,

N. S.

3. Copy of a Letter from his Grace the Duke of Newcastle, to Vice-admiral Hofer, September 29, 1726.

4. Copy of a Letter from Vice-admiral Hofer to his

Grace the Duke of Newcastle: July 26,

1726.

5. Copy of a Letter from Vice-admiral Hofer to his Grace the Duke of Newcastle, July 29, 1726, and August i.

6. Copy of a Letter from Vice-admiral Hofer to his Grace the Duke of Ne Baf imentos, August 28, 1726.

7. Copy of a Letter from Vice-admiral Hofer to his Grace the Duke of Newcastle: Bafimentos, September 9, 1726.

8. Copy of a Letter from Vice-admiral Hofer to his

' Grace the Duke of NewcafleBafimentos, September 23,

1726; inclosing,

Copy of a Letter from Vice-admiral Hosier to the General and President of Porto Bello: Bafimentos, September 23, 1726.

9. Copy of the Resolutions of the Council of War on board the Brcdah Baf 1726. - 10. Copy of a Letter from Vice-admiral to the President of Panama, and General of the Galleoons:

..Bajlimentos, October 5, 1726.

ij. Copy of Vice-admiral s Letter to the

President of Panama, and General of the Galleoons: Bafimentos, October 12, 1726.

12. Copy of a Letter from Vice-admiral Hosier to the

General of the Galleoons: Bafimentos, 17, 1726,

N. S-

13. Copy of a Letter from the General of the Galleoons to Vice-admiral Hosier: Porto Bello, October 18, 1726.

14. Copy of a Letter from the President of Panama, and General of the Galleoons, to Vice-admiral Hofer, October 24, 1726, N. S.

15. Copy of a Letter from Vice-admiral Hofer to his Grace the Duke of Newcastle: Bafimentos, October 22,

1726.

16. Copy of the Proceedings of the Council of War, held on board the Bredah, off the Brew, November 9,

1726.

17. Copy of a Letter from his Grace the Duke of

Newcastle to Vice-admiral Hofer, 18, 1726.

18. Copy of a Letter from Vice-admiral Hofer to his Grace the Duke of Newcastle, December 14, 1726; inclosing.

Copy of Vice-admiral Hosier's Letter to the President and Council of Jamaica: Port Royal, December 11, 1726.,

Copy of the Resolutions of the CoUncil of Jamaica, in the Council Chamber in St. Jago Delavega, December 14, 1726.

19. Copy of Vice-admiral s Letter to his Grace the Duke of Newcastle, January 17, 172-f.

20. Copy of Vice-admiral Hofer' % Letter to the Governor of Carthagena, and the General of the Galleoons,

Jaimary 11, 172-J-.

21. Copy of a Letter from the South Sea Factors at Carthagena to Vice-admiral Hofer, January 20, 172?,

N. S.

22. Copy of a Letter from the South Sea Factors at Carthagena to Vice-admiral Hofer, January 24, 172®,

N. S.

23. Copy of a Letter from the Governor of Carthagena to Vice-admiral Hofer, January 24, 1724.

24. Copy of a Council of War, held at January 29, 1724.

2ij. Copy of a Letter from Vice-admiral Hofer to his Grace the Duke of Newcastle, February 15, 1724.

26. Copy of a Letter from Vice-admiral Hofer to his Grace the Duke of Newcastle, February 23, 1727.

27. Copy of a Letter from Vice-admiral Hosier to his Grace the' Duke of Newcastle, March 10, 1727; inclosing,

Copy of a Council of War, held on board the Bredah, March9, 1724.

Copy of a List of Ships under the Command of Captain St. Lo, &c. off the Windward Passage.

28. Copy of a Letter from Vice-admiral Hosier to his Grace the Duke of Newcastle, May 12, 1727.

29. Copy of a Letter from his Grace the Duke of Newcastle to Vice-admiral Hofer, May 19, 1727.

30. Copy of a Letter from Vice-admiral Hofer to his Grace the Duke of Newcastle, May 29, 1727.

31. Copy of a Letter from Vice-admiral Hofer to his Grace the Duke of Newcastle, June 9, 1727.

32. Copy of a Letter from Vice-admiral Hofer to his Grace the Duke of Newcastle, July 15, 1727.

33. Copy of a Letter from his Grace the Duke of Newcastle to Vice-admiral Hofer, July 18, 1727.

34. Copy of a Letter from Vice-admiral Hofer to his Grace the Duke of Newcastle, August 7, 1727,

35. Copy of a Letter from his Grace the Duke of Newcastle to Vice-admiral Hofer, Septembers, 1727.

36. Copy of a Letter from Captain St. Lo to his Grace the Duke of Newcastle, September 20, 1727; inclosing,

Copy of a List of Ships designed for the Indies: Copy of an Affidavit of Gardner, August 17,

1727:

Copy of a Deposition of Moses Gardner, September 21, 1727:

Copy of a List of Privateers, fitted out at the Ha-

vanna:

Copy of a Letter from -General Cornejo to Captain St. Lo, September 16, 1727.

37. Copy of it Letter from Captain St. Lo to his Grace the Duke of Newcastle, September 24, 1727.

38. Copy of a Letter from Captain St. Lo to his Grace

the Duke of Newcastle, September 30, 1727.

39. Copy of a Letter from Captain St. Lo to his Grace the Duke of Newcastle, October 11, 1727.

40. Copy of a Letter from Captain St. Lo to his Grace the Duke of Newcastle, October 1727; inclosing.

Copy

a Geo. II. 6° Martii. 253

Copy of a Letter from the General of the Galleoons to Captain St. Lo, October 1727;

Copy of a Letter from the Governor of to

Captain St. Lo, October -|4, 1727:

Copy of a Letter from Captain St. Lo to the Governor of Carthagena, October 19, 1727:

Copy of a Letter from Captain St. Lo to the General of the Galleoons, October 21, 1727:

Copy of a Letter from Captain St. Lo to the General of the Galleoons, October 19, 1727:

Copy of a Letter from the General of the Galleoons to Captain*/. Lo, ‘7*?:

41. Copy of a Letter from his Grace the Duke of Newcastle, to Vice-admiral Ho/ier, November 16, 1727.

42. Copy of a Letter from his Grace the Duke of Newcastle to Vice-admiral HNovember, 16, 1727.

43. Copy of a Letter from his Grace the Duke of blew cape to Vice-admiral Hopfon, November, 18, 1727.

44. Copy of a Letter from Captain St. Lo, to his Grace the Duke of Newcastle, December 7, 1727.

45. Copy of a Letter from Vice-admiral Hopfon, to his Grace the Duke of Newcastle, January 1, 172^.

46. Copy of a Letter from Captain St. Lo, to his

Grace the Duke of Newcastle, 15,172^; inclosing,

Translation of the Duplicate of a Letter from the Governor of St. Domingo to the Marquis of Fill a Hermofa, 5 March, 172$:

Copy of the Muster-roll of the effective Men in St.

Domingo, 5 March, 1727:

Account of the warlike Stores in St. Domingo, 5 March, 1727-

47. Copy of a Letter from Vice-admiral Hopfon to

his Grace the Duke of Newcafi, January 172 £.

48. Copy of Vice-admiral s Letter to hisGrace

the Duke of Newcastle, February3, 172-f; inclosing.

Copy of a Report of Mr. George Stone, Supercargo of the Swallow Sloop.

49. Copy of a Letter from Vice-admiral Hopfon to hisGrace the Duke of Newcastle, March 6, 172.|; inclosing,

Copy of an Account of Ships at Carthagena .*

Copy of William Quarrels Account.

50. Copy of a Lei ter from Vice-admiral Hopfon to his Grace the Duke of Newcastle, March 13, 17 -

51. Copy of a Letter from his Grace the Duke of Nnvcafile to Vice-admiral Hopfon, March 21, 1 72 y.

52. Copy of a Letter from his Grace the Duke of Newcastle to Vice-admiral Hopfon, or the Commander in chief, tec. March *1, 1728.

53. Copy of a Letter from his Grace the Duke of Newcastle to Vice-admiral Hopfon, March 25, 1728.

Ordered, That the said Papers be reierred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of divers Merchants* and others, trading to, and interested in, the British Plantations in America, is referred.

The said Papers are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

fcliti of A Bill for the Relief of insolvent Debtors, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

fcmWmjh Ordered, That the Matter of the Petition of Sir Vanacker Sambrooke, Baronet, complaining of an undue

Election and Return for the Borough of Queenborough, in the County of Kent, which was referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, and appointed to be heard before the said Committee this Afternoon, be heard at the Bar of this House upon T the Fifteenth Day of April next.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the Matter of the said Petition.

late of Ordered, That the honourable Char let Colyear, Esquire,

Maa. have Leave to go into the Country for a Week, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Vol.21.

Mr. Alderman Barnard reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants and Traders of the City of London, whose Names are thereunto fub-Icribed, in behalf of themselves, and other Merchants and Traders of the said City, was referred; that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, together with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk s Table; where the same was read; and the Report, and Resolutions, are as follows; viz.

That the Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, proceeded to examine the Matter of the said Petition: And the Petitioners, to make out the Allegations thereof, called Mr. Samuel Bonham; who said, that he is concerned in several Ships, that trade to Guinea: notwithstanding he gives them full River Pay, when the Ship has come to Gravesend, and paid his Men what was due to them, and cleared the Ship, they have refused to proceed on their Voyage, without advancing their Wages ;, and have often taken his Boat, and gone ashore, and returned no more, but left the Boat behind: That he has been put to great Expence and Trouble in getting others in their Read before he has done which, the Wind has fluffed, and he has like to have loft his Voyages; and often, when his Ships have come into the West his Men have run

away, after they have received their Wages as diretfted by Law; and he has been forced to give ft. 20. a Man for the Run home; which Run has not exceeded above Eight or Ten Weeks; and has often been threatened, and has been sued by such Deserters for Wages.

Mr. 'Thomas Sand ford(aid, that Seamen refule to enter into Contracts to perform the Voyage, as formerly they did; and when he has agreed for Half-pay in the River, and lb much per Month during the Voyage, yet, when he has come to clear his Ship, they have infilled upon whole River Pay; and, for fear his Ship should lole her Voyage, he has complied therewith; yet, notwithstanding all he could do to them, they have left his Ship, and he has been at great Trouble and Expence in getting other Men, and in danger of losing his Voyage: And he apprehends, by the Laws now in being the Mailers have no Power to oblige them to Hay on board, to discharge their Duty; which he looks upon to be a very great Hardship to the Navigation of Merchant Ships.

Mr. Henry Gough laid, that he is concerned in the Shipping, trading to the East Indies: notwithstanding the y give Seamen the River Pay, and, at the clearing of Ships, Two Months Pay Advance, yet, when they come to clear the Ship, they have of late Years run away from them, and pot them to great Charge and Trouble in getting others in their room; and that they have Two Ships at present, have loft the Opportunity of failing, upon the same Occasion, which if they fliou/d lole the Season, it would be ft. 2,000. Damage to the Owners, besides 20 or ft. 30,000. Damage to the Company; and, when the Ships return home, the Seamen run alhore, and will not stay to unlade the Ships; which obliges the Owners to hire Men, which they call Lumpers, to do it; who, being a Set of idle pilfering People, do Heal their Goods, and frequently occasion 2 or ft. 300. Lois to the Owners, besides a great Detriment to the Revenue.

Mr. Joseph Groves laid, that they are very much troubled with Seamen deferring at the Clearing of their Ships, and put togfeat Charges in getting others in their room; and, when the Ships come abroad, the Men have left the Ships and been absent Three, Six, and Nine,

Months; and yet have come, and infilled to come home in the Ship; and the Mailer has been obliged to bring them, for fear of coming into Trouble for leaving them in foreign Parts; and, when they have come home, they have infilled upon their w hole Pay, during the Time they were absent, having been informed, that they could oblige the Mailer to pay it; and which they have been forced to comply with.

3 S Mr.

Regulating Mercha nts 6cameti.

254

6® Martii.

A. 1728.

Mr, Robert Willimot Paid, that he trades into the Straits, arrested the Matter for his Wages for the Whole Voyage, and Portugal; and they often contract for Fish at notwithstanding the Money was tendered to him for his Yarmouth, and Cornwall, and give a larger Pfice than Wages, during the Time he was in the Ship: There was ordinary, to have them delivered the first of the Fishery, Bail given, and the Cause tried irr the Ring*s Bench Court and by a cercain Time; and, when they have provided at; when the Judge gave his Charge to the

Ships, and manned them, ready to go, and take the Fith on board, when they come to clear their Ships at Gravesend, notwithstanding the y comply with every thing the y agreed for with the Seamen, they have left the Ship; under pretence of getting more Wages, and have refused to proceed on their Voyage, whereby they have loft the taking their Fith on Board in time j by which Means they have lost their Markets abroad, and their Cargoes have often been (polled; and they have fullered great Damage in carrying Woollen Goods to foreign Markets, by reason of not getting the re in proper Season; and yet they have no Laws, as they know of, to prevent such Practices.

Mr, Joseph Chilly said, that in 'December last he had a Ship in the River, bound to the West Country, to load Pilchards for the Straits: That after the Matter had provided his Men, and agreed for the Voyage; upon her Departure down the River, his Sailors, most, or all, left

Jury, that, as the Law Hands, he mutt be paid for the whole time of the Voyage, and that the said Captain must sue him for his Absence, and Neglect: On which the Jury gave a Verdi 61 accordingly, and he paid him his Wages for the whole Voyage, antTCofts on both Sides; and could never find him, to sue him for such Absence, and Neglect:

That he had another Ship last bound for

An; and, to prevent the Difficulties, that might aril'e among the Men at Gravesend, as usual, he paid them the River Pay at Deptford; and the Matter ordered them to heave up the Anchor, and loose the Sails, to carry the Ship down; and notwithstanding the re was a gteat deal of Ice in the River, whereby the Ship was iii danger of being spoiled, they got a Boat, and went all on shore at the Isle of Doggs, telling him, the Weather was too cold for them to go to Sea: which put him to her, upon Pretence, they would not go the Voyage; the extraordinary tharge of hiring Watermen, to carry which caused a very great Delay for several Days, and the Ship down below the Ice, and then, going to London Loss of a fair Wind: Afterwards the Matter was obliged dgain, to get a Company of Seamen; which detained to come up to London, to provide other Men in their him some Days before he could get away: room: Then he proceeded in his Voyage to Plymouth; That he has known a great many Sailors make it their and, although he had paid one Month's Wages Advance Practice to go down as far as Gravesend, and then desert, at Gravesend, those also deserted the Ship, and left her: for the Benefit of the River Pay, and never go to Sea,

After this the Matter was obliged to fend, and ride, 20 or but thieving all the Time they are aboard.

30 Miles about the Country, to procure other Men, at a Mr. James Fitter said, that he had a Ship in the River very great Expence, and Loss of more than one Month's of Thames, and being ready to proceed on her intended Time; by which Desertion the Ship is now got no Voyage, was willing to provide against the ill Con-further than Falmouth, and, in all Appearance, is like to sequences, that too ortenhappen ztGravefend, by Mariners be a total L°fs of all the Cargo, because Lent may be infilling upon more Wages, than was first contracted for, near expired, before Ihe arrives in the Straits. frequently leaving the Ships there in Distress, for want of

He further said, that the Merchants are under very Hands, took an Opportunity, with the Matter, to go on great Hardships, in case the Sailors desert abroad, the Act board the Ship in the Pool, to pay the Sailors their River of Navigation obliging all Ships to have at least Three- Wages, and to tender them a Contract, to sign, to pro-fourths of their Company Mariners; and, when ceed the Voyage agreed for; but Three of the Snip's Com-

any Desertion happens in foreign Ports, it is the greatest pany refused to sign it, to proceed the Voyage, or receive Difficulty to find English Sailors; whereby many Ships their Wages, as agreed: That the next Day they arrested meet with great Delays, and cannot come home, till the Ship, and the Matter; but, upon hearing the Cause, they are provided with a Number according to Law, the Sailors were call; notwithstanding which, he paid and receive great Damage, and very often the Ckrgo all the Cost, which was upwards of Twenty Pounds; and perilhes: . the Sailors absconded, and could never be met with

That he had a Carpenter of a Ship at Gibraltar, that since.

has deserted, and went on board a Man of War, to the gTeat The Committee came to the following Resolutions; Damage of the Ship and Cargo, that happened afterwards Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

by bad Weather, for want of him; and that CarpenteT That the Petitioners have fully proved the Allegations of ' an Action against the Captain of that Ship for his their Petition.

Vages, although the Ship and Cargo received more than ‘. 100. Damage by his Absence: And, as the Law now lands, knows of po Remedy for such Desertion;

That, when Sailors enter themselves in the River, to

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Regulation and Government of such Seamen, as shall from time to time enter into the

go the Voyage, they very seldomgive their Attendance Service of the Merchants and Traders of this Kingdom.

more than Two or Three Hours in a Day; therefore the Matters arc obliged to hire Riggers, to fit, and Labourers, to load, the Ship; yet the Sailors always infill at Gravesend on their Pay, and which the Matters are obliged to pay them, or else they will not go the Voyage, and leave the Ship.

Mr. 'PeterDelamot said, that he had a Ship bound for

Antegoa, and one of the Sailors refused to work, or do his Duty, in his whole Voyage out: That, as soon as the Ship arrived at Antegoa, he went ashore, and was absent above Four Months; and that the Day, the Ship was ready to fail back for London, he came on board: That the Captain told him, he had hired another Man in his room, and h^d no Occasion for him, and that he might go about his Business; upon which he said, if he did not carry him home in the Ship, he should lie Three Months

And the House being moved accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Regulation and Government of such Seamen, as shall from time to time enter into the Service of the Merchants and Traders of this Kingdom; and that Mr. Alderman Barnard, Mr. Alderman Perry, and Mr. Morice, do prfepafe, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, do bring Mr. Thomas Bambridge, now a Prisoner in his Custody, to attend the Committee, appointed to enquire into the State of the Gaols of this Kingdom, from time to time, as the said Committee shall require the fame.

A Bill for repairing the Roads leading from Camels in Gaol; to avoid which, the Captain brought him home; Gate to the City of Lichfield, and from the said City to and, during his whole Passage, the Sailor refused to work. Stone, and from thence to the End of the County of Staf-and pulled out his Knife, and threatened to rip their Guts, ford, in the Pod Road towards Chester, and also from the if they meddled with him, to force him to it: That, as Town of Burton upon Trent to the said City of Lichfield, soon as the Ship arrived at London, he Went on shote, and and from thence to Wood-end, and Qglqy-hay* and also

24 -from

;r.

fcfc

;C

ttl*

-it if

M*

s.r« tm

x

*3

bCi

cl

:k

ril

'Z'l

lv

fc

A

(W,

Mil

hi

h

3! I

mi 1 as

saw

Oti

last

‘'ui

h

Mr.

t{

Tin

. . lei

Inquiry ir the flaw of Gaoii It!

So

It,

LichfitV

Scc.Rom

sir

Ht

a Geo. II.

6° — 7*

*55

from the said City of Lichfield to High in the County of Stafford, and the County of the said City of Lichfield, was read a Second time;

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Levefim Gower, Mr. Ward, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Winnington, Mr, Ti/fim, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Alderman Child, Mr. Alderman Parfims, Mr. Whitworth, Lord Mickle-thotntc, Mr. Wither, Mr. Stanhope, Mr. Torke, Mr.

Nnvland, Sir Edward Knatchbull, Sir John Cope, Mr. Gyhbon, Sir Richard Grosvenor, Sir John , Mr.

Chtiwynd, Mr. Lyfier, Sir Nathanael Cttrzon, Mr.

Sir Edward Dejbouvcry, Sir 7ho. Abney, Mr. Talbott, Mt. Gwynn, Sr Wm. Stapleton, Mr. Shnt/leworth, Mr. Perrott, Mr. Compton, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Grosvenor, Mr. Annejley, Mr. Batburfl, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Mr. Bertie-, and all the Members that serve for the County of Stafford, Salop, Lancaster,

and North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber;

Bounty on Corn

Resolved, That this House will, upon Titefday Morning next, resolve itfetf into a Committee of the whote House, to cowfider further of the Petition of divers Merchants, and others, trading to, and interested in, the British Plantations in Americ, in behalf of themselves,

and many others.

Ordered, That the Petitioners, if they think fit, be further heard before the said Committee upon Tuesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vmeris % 70 dU Martii; Anno a* Georgii IIdi Regis, 17.2 8. Prayers.

MR. Alderman Perry reported from the Committee, imputation to whom the Petition of the Council and Burgesses 0c 10bacco

The House being informed, that the Comptroller General of the Customs attended at the Door, he was

called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, TV A to whom the Petition of the Council and Burgesses pursuant to their Order, An Account of what has been of the Colony of Virginia, and also the Petition of the ftnptfrom paid for Bounty-money on the Exportation of Corn, Merchants of the City of London, trading to Virginia and from Christmas, 1724, to Christmas, 1728, distinguishing Maryland, and allb the Petition of the Merchants and each Year, and what has been the Produce of the Duties Traders in Tobacco, in the City of Bristol, and also the On Corn imported, for each of the said Years; together Petition of the several Merchants and Traders in Tobacco, with a Return of the Commissioners of the Customs, of and in the Port of Liverpoole, in the County Palatine

of Lancaster, were referred; that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

fclating to the said Account.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account and Return were read.

Ordered, That the said Account and Return do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account and Return are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Depredations m American Trade.

The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account of the Money paid into the Exchequer, for the Duty on Victuallers, from the Comnfence-

Duty on

Vifluilkr*.

into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the ment thereof, distinguishing each Year; and also an Petition of divers Merchants, and others, trading to Account of what Exchequer Bills have been made out and interested in, the British Plantations in America, in upon the Credit of the Act for laying the said Duty,

behalf of themselves, and many others, being read;

Ordered, That the Schedule of such Losses, as have been sustained by British Subjects in their Shipping and Effects, taken from them in America, from the Treaty of Utrecht to the Treaty of Hanover, and from the Treaty of Hanover to the preferrt Time, so far as they have come to the Knowledge of the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

how much paid off, and what Sum now remains thereupon in Exchequer Bills uncancelled.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Lightbom and Mr. Boroughs

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for of settling the Estates of John Earl of in the Grandison'*.

Kingdom of Ireland, and James Fitzgerald Eiacn,

Esquire, commonly called Lord Viliiers his Son, and Heir Apparent, pursuant to an Agreement, made before,

And there being a Difference in the Committee, who and in Consideration of, the Marriage of the said Lord should take the Chair of the Committee; Villiers with Jane, his Wife; to which the Lords desire

Mt. Speaker resumed the Chair. the Concurrence of this House:

And a Motion being made, and the Question put, And also, the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, Scawn's That Thomas Winnington, Esquire, do take the Chair of An Act to enable Thomas Esquire, and others, to Eft ate.

the said Committee;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Tellers for tht Yeasf. |»i*-

Te^f,r.heNoe,j^"- Jyj.

So it Was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Winnington took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Winnington reported from the Committee, that the Committee had heard some of the Petitioners, and had

make Leases of several Manors and Lands in Cornwall, according to the Custom of that County, and the several Manors, in which the same do lie; to which bbc Lords desire the Concurrence of this Haute.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Thomas Scawen, Esquire, and others, to make Leases of several Manors and Lands in Cornwall, according to the Custom of that County, and of the Manors in which the same do lie, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ditto,

Mr. Cockburn, from the Commissioners for executing ln8rv&oo* tire Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, toNarai examined several Witnesses, touching the Matter referred presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to the Committee; and that the Committee had directed his Majesty, Copies of the several Instructions given to j him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again. the late Admiral HoJier, and tp any other Commander ip Vox. £1. Chief,

2 $6 7° Martii1728.

chief, who succeeded him in the West to the

Twenty-fifth Day of March, 1728; and also Copies of all the Letters, so far as they relate to the said Instructions, written by Admiral flofier, or the Commander in chief, who succeeded him, to the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great , from the First Day of June, 1726,10 the Twenty-fifth Day of March last; and likewise Copies of all the Letters, so far as they relate also to the said Instructions, written by the said Commissioners, or their Secretary, to any of the said Commanders within the said Time i viz.

1. Copy of Instructions to Vice-admiral Hojier, dated

9 March, 1725:

2. Copy of Instructions to Admiral , dated

26 March, 1726:

3. Extract of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Vice-admiral Hojier, dated 8 March, 1726, in Town:

4. Copy of Instructions to Vice-admiral Hojier, dated the 30 March, 1726:

5. Copy of Mr. Burchett's Letter to Vice-admiral Hojier, dated the 30 March, 1726:

6. Copy of Instructions to Vice-admiral Hojier, dated

4 March, 1726:

7. Extract of a Letter from Vice-admiral Hojier, dated

the 15 July, 17 27, off , to Mr. Burchett.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Spittlt field* A Bill for making the Hamlet of in the

Parish. Parish of Saint Dunstan, Stebunkeath, alias Stepney, in the County of Middlesex, a distinct Parish, and for providing a Maintenance for the Minister of i'uch new Parish, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, jupon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com-.mil tee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, to prevent the said Church being holden in

Waterbeach Mr. Thomas Bacon presented to the House (according

Drainage. Order) a Bill for draining Waterbeach Level, in the County of Cambridge -, and the same was received.

Privilege. Mr. Earle (according to Order) reported from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter touch-in the Complaint, that Mr. Thomas Jufon, Rector of ‘ Wanfted, in the County of Essex, William Hatton, John Brooks, and Rickard Spencer, had, in a forcible Manner,

' entered upon Part of the Possessions of the Right honourable Richard, Viscount Cajllemain, in the Kingdom of Ireland, a Member of this House, at Wanfted aforesaid,

and had cut down a Fence, and committed Spoil, in Breach of the Privilege of this House, together with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table, where the same was read; and the Report, and Resolutions of the Committee, are as follows; viz.

That the Question was. Whether Mr. Jufon, the present Rector of Wanfted, had cut down a Hedge-row of White Thorns, near adjoining to the Church-yard of Wanfted, but on the Outside of the Pale of the said Chui'ch-yard.

The Counsel for the Lord Cajllemain alleged, that his Lordship was seised in Fee of a Field, called Seven Acre Field, which was planted all round with a Hedge, and Trees, for Ornament: That the same was planted by the Ancestors of the Complainant on their own Ground: That their own Servants and Workmen have always taken care of fplicing and pruning the fame, and have accordingly

paid for the said Work; and that the said Hedge was about Forty Years growth. To prove which, he called Robert Taylor; who said, he knew Mr. Jufon; and that he law him, with an Ax in his Hand, with Two of his Servants, one on each Side, the Twenty-third of January last, cutting down the Hedge of White Thorn: That Mr. Jufon was chopping a Standard: That one of the Servants was named John Brooks; and believes, the other was his Coachman, Wm. Hatton: That on the Twenty-fourth of January, the next Day, he saw Mr. Jufon, and his Coachman, pitching up the Buthes, and cut Wood, into a Cart with Two Horses; and one Spencer was there loading the lame; and that Spencer drove the same off the Ground:

Said also, that he had been Servant in the Family about Twenty Years: That his Father and Grandfather were so before him: That Sheep were formerly kept in this Field: That the Ditch was made next to the said Field, to keep the Sheep and Lambs from the Hedge: That this Seven Acre Field, Twenty-three or Twenty -four Years ago, was an Orchard; and that some of the Trees were cut down, to make Vifto's to the House: And fays, he remembers the fplicing the Hedge; and that there was a Pale round the Church-yard, which was broke down about Fifteen Years ago: That one Allison undertook the doing of it; and that the Paling was very bad at the West End of the Church: That the Pale at the West End was nailed on the Inside, with the Points towards the Hedge, because of the Growth of the Hedge, which was very thick at Bottom; all the rest of the Pales were nailed on the Outside, with the Points towards the Church-yard; and that the Pale was always esteemed the Bounds of the Church-yard.

Being cross-examined, he said, the Pale was always esteemed the Bounds of the Church-yard: That he knew Mr. Harkey and Mr. Pound, former Ministers of this Church, who never took any Care of the Hedge; but has heard his Father, and old People say, Lord Cajllemain's Family did: Remembers the Pale round the Church-yard about Twenty-five Years: That the Parish always repaired it: That between the said Pale and Hedge it was in some Places a Foot and Half wide, in others Two or Three Feet.

William Philips said, he has known the Hedge in Dispute Thirty-seven Years: That it was made and fpliced by one Charles Russell, Servant to Sir Josiah Child, at Seven Pence per Pole: That he was paid for his Work by Sir Josiah's Bailiff; and that he saw the Money paid: That John Faux, Richard Faux, and Edward Stebbings, made the Fence, to preserve the Quick-set, at Three Pence per Perch: That he saw the Money paid by Sir Josiah's Bailiff; and that the Ditch was made on the same Side as the Seven Acre Field, and was flung up in that Manner, to preserve the Quick-set:

That he worked with one William Lee, who told him, he planted the Quick-set, and he did it by Order of Sir Joshua Child:Says, that he has known the Place ever

since 1683: That the Church-yard Pale was repaired by the Parish; and that one JBoundley had done it about Twenty Years, and the Parish paid him Twenty Shillings per Annum.

Being cross-examined, he believes, the Hedge was planted on Sir Josiah Child's Ground; and that the Parish did not do any thing to the Hedge; and that the Pale Hands in the same Place as in 1683.

Philip Gray said, he knew the Seven Acre Field next the Church-yard; remembers the planting the Hedge without the Church-yard; the Pale was Handing before the Hedge planted: Does not remember any Ditch before the Hedge planted, but that the Earth was thrown from the Pales to the Quick-set, to preserve it: That the Field was planted Three Parts round with the same fort of Hedge.

Being cross-examined, he said, he believed, the Pale was set to the Extremity of the Ground belonging to the Church-yard:

Says, he has known the Hedge about Forty Years: That the Pale flood there, before the Hedge was planted:

That

i Geo. II.

Martii.

*57

That he knew Labourers, that did the Work for Sir away, several Parcels of Wood, is thereby guilty of a Jtfiah: Says, that Doctor Mills, or his Son-in-law, was Breach of the Privilege of this House. then Incumbent: That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

He can*t (ay, he "knows of any Leave, that was asked That William of Wanjled, in the County of Essex,

of the Rector. having, on the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Days

That on behalf of Mr. Jufon, the Re<stor of Wanjled, of "January last, entered upoivthe Possessions of the Right

the following Witnesses were called: honourable Richard, Lord Viscount , in the

Richard Barvil said, he knew the Hedge in Question: Kingdom of Ireland, a Member of this House, and

That Mr. Pound, former Rector of Wanjled, and he, cut down, and carried away, several Parcels of Wood, walking in the Church-yard, Thomas King, Bailiff to Sir is thereby guilty of a Breach of the Privilege of this JofiahChild, came, and asked Leave of Mr. Pound, to House. cut down Part of the said Hedge: and that Mr. Pound Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, gave Leave for doing it: That he afterwards saw the That John Brooks, of Wanjled, in the County of Essex, Hedge cut, upon such Leave granted: That his Mailer having, on the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Days o( Jufon feme time (ince ordered him to draw Two Elms, January last, entered upon the Possessions of the Right pretty large, about Twenty Years Growth, out of the said honourable Richard, Lord Viscount Cajllemain, in the Hedge; and that they were planted in the Church Walk, Kingdom of Ireland, a Member of this House, and cut going to Lord Cajllemain' % House, one on the right Side, down, and carried away, several Parcels of Wood, is the other on the left; and that his Lord (hi p's Horses thereby guilty of a Breach of the Privilege of this helped to draw them: That there are several Elms, Yews, House.

and one Oak, of about Forty or Fifty Years Growth: The First of the said Resolutions being read a Second

That one James Bofely told him, he had set down the time j

Pales about the Year 1710, and (lands near a Square: And a Motion being made, and the Question put.

That Sir Josiah Child had asked Leave of a former Mini- That the House do agree with the Committee, in the

Her to plant a Hedge, to secure the Orchard; and that the Pales were set further into the Church-yard: That the Pales were set out of the Square, and, if set in a Square, would take in the Fence: That he remembers Brambles, that he cut himself, and Bung into Lord s

Park: That one King, Servant to Lord Castlemain, came to him, and bid him fling them into his Master's Ditch, which is the Ditch belonging to the Hedge in Question.

And being asked, whether there was a Ditch between the Hedge and Pales; laid, only a small Bank: Said, he had known the Fence and Pale about Twenty-five Years.

John Reid laid, he had known the Hedge about Forty Years: Said, it belongs to the Church: That he had surveyed several of Lord Castlemain' % Lands, and allowed the Ditch as a Bound to his Lordship's Ground: As to the Paling next the Hedge, the Points of the Nails are drove

said Resolution, That Mr. Thomas Jufon, Rector of Wanjled, in the County of Eff, having, on the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Days of January last, entered upon the Possessions of the Right honourable Richard, Lord Viscount Cajllemain, in the Kingdom of Ireland, a Member of this House, and cut down, and carried away, several Parcels of Wood, is thereby guilty of a Breach of the Privilege of this House;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth

Mr.

Sir George Oxen den:

Tellers for the Yeas

Tellers for the Noes \ Mr"

1 eiiers for the l\oes, j sjr:

174.

37-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The other Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, towards the Hedge, which (hews a Property to the Ground agreed unto by the House. on the Outfidej but the other Pales are nailed with the Ordered, That the said Mr. Thomas Jufon be, for his Points towards the Church: That there are Elms planted, said Breach of Privilege, taken into the Custody of the about Sixty Years Growth, to keep the Westerly Winds Serjeant at Arms attending this House. from the Church, and are planted within the Ditch: That Ordered, That the said William Hatton be, for his laid he did not survey the Hedge in Question for Lord Castle- Breach of Privilege, taken into the Custody of the Ser-nain, and but lately for Mr. Jufon', which Survey he left jeant at Arms attending this House. at home: Said, the Church-yard is paled round: That Ordered, That the said John Brooks be, for his said there is no Ditch on the Outside the Paling, but in the Breach of Privilege, taken into the Custody of the Ser-PJace in Question j and believes, this Ditch was not call jeant at Arms attending this House. up to preserve the Hedge; and believes, according to the

Rule of Surveying, the Slip of Ground, Hedge, and Sir William Tonge (according to Order) reported from Money Helen Ditch, in Question, belongs to the Church-yard: Does the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill out of the

not remember the setting down the Paling. for making good the Loss, occasioned by a Sum of Exchequer.

Being asked, whether the Pale, he has known about Money being stolen out of his Majesty's Exchequer in Forty Years, had been altered in that Time j he said, he the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-four, did not know it had: And further said, that Walls are was committed, the Amendments, the Committee had generally put to the Extent of the Grounds, but not the made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to Pales. report to the House: And he read the same in his Place,

William Holland said, he knew the Hedge in Question; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments,

That he had cut Bullies and Brambles out of the in at the Clerk's Table; where the said Amendments

Church-yard, and was paid by the Churchwardens: That were once read throughout, and then a Second time,

he flung them on Lord Castlemain'^ Ground: That his one by onej and, upon the Question severally put

Lordship's Bailiff forbid him: That the next day he thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

carried them, and put them in the Ditch in Question, Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

and had heard no Complaint since: That he has lived ingrafted.

there about Seven Years.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee The other Orders of the Day being read; came to the following Resolutions: Ordered, That the Call of the House be further

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, adjourned until this Day Fortnight.

That Mr. Thomas Jufon, Rector of Wanjled, in the County of Essex, having, on the Twenty-third and The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Su pJ fl.}j Twenty-fourth Days of January last, entered upon the Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for raffing Sale of An- Possessions of the Right honourable Richard, Lord the Sum of One million Two hundred and fifty thousand nuitiej,&c. Viscount Castlemain, in the Kingdom of Ireland, a Pounds, by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England,

Member of this House, and cut down, and carried after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum,

Vo 1.21. 3 T redeemable

Call of the House.

South Sea Co»pany.

Greenwich

Hospital

Duties.

Leeds new Chapel.

258 70 — 8° Martit. A. 1728.

redeemable by Parliament; and for applying the Produce of the Sinking Fund.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon IVedntfday next, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to discharge the Trustees, appointed by an Act of the Seventh Year of his late Majesty's Reign, for railing Money upon the Estates of the late Directors of the South Sea Company, and others, of their Trull, and to vest in the said Company such of the Estates, which were vested in the said Trustees, as remain undisposed of, as also the Produce of such Estates and Effects as have been disposed of by the Trustees.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectual collecting in Great Britain and Ireland, and other Parts of his Majesty's Dominions, the Duties granted for the Support of the royal Hospital at Greenwich.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 8® Martii;

Anno 2* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1728.

Prayers.

SI R William Milner reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Reverend Henry Clerk, was referred; that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared ro them, to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as follows; viz.

That the Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, proceeded to examine the Matter of the said Petition: And, in order to prove the Allegations thereof, the Petitioner produced the following Deeds; viz.

Indentures of Lease and Release, dated 22d and 23d of December, 1721, reciting, among other Things, that the Parish Church and Chapel of St. John in Leeds, were not capable of receiving the Inhabitants of the Town; and that several Persons had contributed great Sums, for building a new Church there, and for providing a competent Maintenance for a Minister to officiate in the said new Church, intended to beerested; the Petitioner did convey to several Persons, in the Indenture of Release mentioned, and their Heirs, several Lands and Premifies therein mentioned, upon Trust, and for the Use of the said Petitioner, and his Heirs, till a new Church could be built and consecrated, and, after the Consecration thereof, then to the said Trustees, and their Heirs, upon Trust, to pay the Repts and Profits to such Minister as the Petitioner should nominate to the Church, during the Petitioner's Life, and afterwards, from time to time, as the Recorder of Leeds, the Vicar of the Parish Church of Leeds, and the Incumbent of the said Chapel of Saint John, for the Time being, or any Two of them, should nominate.

That by other Indentures of Lease and Release, dated 5 th and 6 th June, io# Georgii, Jane Widow, and

William Atkinson, Gentleman, did convey to Trustees

therein named, and their Heirs, another Estate in

in Trust, for building of the said new Church, and afterwards for the Benefit of the Incumbent of such new- 1

intended Church, or of the Inhabitants of the Town, as

the Lady Elizabeth Hastings, the Petitioner, or one of '

them, and the major Number of Persons who should f

contribute Twenty Pounds and upwards to the building f

of the Church, should appoint. i

That, under a Commission from the late Archbishop of:

York, a new Chapel has been built; and the present Arch- '

bishop of York, with the consent of the Patrons of the Parish Church of Leeds, and Vicar of the fame, has con- f'

fecrated the fame, and limited the Nomination of the Curate thereof to the Petitioner, for Life, and afterwards to the Recorder of Leeds, Vicar of the Parish Church of Leeds, and Curate of the Chapel of St. John's J

afore laid, for the Time being, or any Two of them.

Mr. Hugh Sleigh said, that there has been more ex- f

pended in erecting and finishing the said new Chapel, J

than the whole Subscriptions amounted to; (o that the 1

Commissioners, appointed for building the fame, have

already been obliged to borrow f. 300. on their Bond, to defray the Expence; and that it will cost at lead f. 400. more to finish the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to make the new Chapel in the Town of Leeds, in the S

County of York, a perpetual Cure and Benefice, and to provide for the defraying of some Expences in finishing 2

the said new Chapel, yet remaining unpaid; and that Sir Wm. Milner and Mr. Edward do prepare,

and bring in, the same.

' . t;

The Lord Bateman reported from the Committee, to Leominster whom the Petition of the Bailiff, and other the capital Road*. Burgesses, of the Borough of Leominster, in the County r

of Hereford, was referred j that the Committee had exa- j

mined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed t,

him to report the same, as it appeared to them to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: where T

the same was read, and is as follows; viz.

That the Committee, pursuant to the Order of the '

House, proceeded to examine the Matter of the said Petition; and, to prove the Allegations thereof, called the following Witnesses;

Mr. Michael Stephens, Mr. Benjamin Price, Mr. Humphry Bang ham, and Mr. William Spencer-, who, being severally examined, said, that the Highways and Roads, leading to the Town of Leominster, are, by reason of the heavy Carriages passing through the fame, become lb ruinous and bad on all Sides the said Town, that in the Winter Season many Parts thereof are impafiable for Waggons and Carriages, and also for Horses loaden, and dangerous to Travellers on Horseback, passing through the same: That the Statute-work hath been constantly done, yet not sufficient to keep the same in Repair.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the several Roads leading into the Town of Leominster, in the County of Hereford-, and that the Lord Bateman and Sir George Cafwall do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That John Weaver, Esquire, have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Mr. Alderman Child presented to the House (according to Order) a Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, -intituled, "An Act to prevent Abuses in the making of " Bricks and Tiles, and to ascertain the Dimensions thereof, and to prevent all unlawful Combinations " amongst any Brick-makers, or Tile-makers, within " Fifteen Miles of the City of London, in order to " advance or enhance the Price of Bricks or Tiles -," and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the (afrl Bill be read a Second time upon Friday Morning next.

Mr.

Leave of Abfeoce.

Bridu and Tilei making.

% Geo. JI. 89 — xo°

Offices and Mr. Lee presented to the House (according to Order) Enpioyaenu. a Bill for indemnifying Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices or Employments within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; and for repealing so much of an Act of Parliament, passed in the First Year of his late Majesty King George the First, as requires Persons to qualify themselves for Offices or Employments within Three Months, and for limiting other Times for such Qualifications: And the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act 4c*Eftatti! ^or settling the Estates of John Earl of in the

Kingdom of Ireland, and James Fitzgerald , Ef-

quire, commonly called Lord Villiers, his Son, and Heir Apparent, pursuant to an Agreement, made before, and in Consideration of, the Marriage of the said Lord Villiers with Jane, his Wife, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Berafey The House proceeded (according to Order) to the Elession. further hearing the Matter of the Petition of Sir Charles Hotham, Baronet, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Beverley, in the County of York.

And the Counsel on both Sides were called in.

And the Counsel for the fitting Member, Mr.

shaw, were heard: And they examined several Witnesses, to disqualify several of the Persons, who had voted for the Petitioner; and then summed up their Evidence.

And the Counsel for the Petitioner were heard, by way of Reply: And they examined some Witnesses; in Answer to whose Evidence the Counsel for Mr. were heard.

And the Counsel on both Sides being withdrawn;

Mr. Bradshaw was heard in his Place: And then he withdrew.

Resolved, nemine contradicente. That Ellerker Bradshaw, Esqtiire, is not duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Beverley, in the County of York.

A Motion being made, and the Question put, That Sir Charles\Hotham, Baronet, is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Beverley, in the County of York-,

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellm for the Yeas, j J*j; $*£ . } . 58.

Tenets for the Noes

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House upon Monday Morning next, to amend the Return for the Borough of Beverley, in the County of York, by rafing out the Name of Ellerker Bradshaw, Esquire, and inserting the Name of Sir Charles Hotham, Baronet, instead thereof.

Resolved, nemine contradicente. That it appears to this House, that the Agents for Ellerker , Esquire,

have been guilty of notorious and scandalous Bribery and Corruption, in order to procure the said Mr. Bradshaw to be elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament, for the said Borough of Beverley.

Ordered, That John Eleanor, one of the said Agents,

Martii. 259

be, for his said Offence, committed Prisoner to his Majesty's Gaol of Newgate; and that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants accordingly.

Ordered, That Joseph Bealby, one other of the said Agents, be, for his said Offence, committed Prisoner to his Majesty's Gaol of Newgate; and that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants accordingly.

Ordered, That Robert Appleton, senior, one other of the said Agents, be, for his said Offence, committed Prisoner to his Majesty's Gaol of Newgate; and that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants accordingly.

Ordered, That Robert Appleton, junior, one other of the said Agents, be, for his said Offence, committed Prisoner to his Majesty's Gaol of Newgate; and that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants accordingly.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 1 o° die Martii;

Anno 20 Georgii IIdl Regis, r728.

Prayers.

THE Clerk of the Crown attended, and (according Beverley to Order) amended the Return for the Borough of Election. Beverley, in the County of York.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Ear! of for exemplifying the several Wills and Codicils of James, AngWey's late Earl of Anglesey, and John, late Earl of and for making the same Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity in Great Britain and Ireland, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Annejley,

Mr. Bromley, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Gybbon,

Mr. Leveson Gower, Mr. Bacon, Sir John Hind Cotton,

Mr. Shippen, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Earle, Mr. Conduitt,

Mr. Sandys, Mr. Brereton, Mr. IValler, Colonel Read,

Mr. Pacey, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Danvers, Sir Roger -Jhaigh, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Majiers,

Mr. Bramston, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Holland, Mr. Phillips,

Mr. Bevan, Sir Wilfrid Lawson, Lord Morpeth, Mr.

Crowle, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Mr. Bertie, Six Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Digby, Mr. Moreton, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Shepheard, Mr. Vernon, Lord Vane, Mr.

Fane, Mr. Compton, Mr. East, Sir Abraham Elton, Mr.

Tucker, Mr. York, Mr. Holland, Mr. Harley, Lord Gage,

Mr. Monson, Sir Nicholas Williams, Mr. Alderman Parsons,

Mr. Clark: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House being informed, that Mr. Chocke, from the Duty on Exchequer, attended at the Door, he was called in, and, Victuallers. at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, An Account of the Money, paid into the Exchequer, for the Duty on Victuallers, from the Commencement thereof, distinguishing each Year; and also an Account of what Exchequer Bills have been made out upon the Credit of the Act for laying the said Duty, how much paid off, and what Sum now remains thereupon in Exchequer Bills uncancelled.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The laid Account is as follows; viz.

Vol. 21.

To

26 o

i o° Martii.

A. i^aS,

To the honourable the KLnights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled

An ACCOUNT of the Money, paid into the Exchequer, for the Duty on Victuallers, from the Commencement thereof, distingui thing each Year; and also an Account of what Exchequer Bills have been made out upon the Credit of the Act for laying the said Duty, how much pud off, and what Sum now remains thereupon in Exchequer Bills uncancelled.

Produce of the Duty on Victuallers, from the 24th of June, 1726 (the Commencement thereof) to 24 June, 1727 -

1728 -

To 7th March, 1728 -

s. d.

17,629 2 6

17,618 7 —

»5»835 »7 85

s.

7

at

Exchequer Bills, made forth on Paid off ..

the Victuallers Act, 1 a° 1"

500,000

15,400

Bills now remaining un can celled ..

Exchequer, 10th Day of , 1728.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

£ 484,600 ——

Alexander Chocke.

Privilege; Petition of a Person in Custody for, hie Discharge.

A Petition of John Stanley, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, was presented to the House, and read; alleging his great Sorrow and Concern for having incurred the Displeasure of the House by an Offence, for which he begs Pardon with the utmost and most profound Submission: and promising, that, for the future, nothing shall ever induce him to offend in the least against any Order of the House, upon any Account whatsoever: And therefore praying, that, in regard to his Family, and Circumstances, he may be discharged, paying his Fees.

Ordered, That the said John Stanley be brought to the Bar of this House upon Wednesday Morning next, in order to his being discharged out of Custody.

paired for repairing the Road from the Stones End in Shoreditch, in the County of , to the further-

most Part of the Northern Road in the Parish of in the same County, next to the Parish of in

the County of Hertford's, committed, that they do make Provision in the said Bill, for repairing the Road leading out of the said Northeiti Road from the Watch-house at Edmonton, to the Market-place at Enfield aforesaid.

Sir Wm. Strickland presented to the House (according to Order) a Bill to enable the South Sea Company to advance to the Trustees, named in the Marriage Settlement of John Gore, Esquire, and Hannah his Wife, a Sum of Money therein mentioned, for perfecting the Intention of the said Settlement; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Gore'*

Marriage

Settlement.

Dillenius* fcc. Nat.

Mr. Vincent reported from the Committee, to whom Colonel Berkeley reported from the Committee, to the Bill for naturalizing John Jacob Dillenius, and Bridget whom the Petition of the Chancellor, Matters, and Pollard, was committed, that the Committee had exa- Scholars of the University of Oxford, and the honourable mined the Allegations of the Bill, and considered of the Bertram , Esquire, Chamberlayne,

Petition of John Elout (which was referred to the said Clerk, Rector of the Church of the Parish of -

Committee) and found the said Allegations, and Matters in the County of Gloucester, Sir John

of the said Petition, to be true; and thereupon had made Baronet, and Giles , Owners of the Lands in several Amendments to the Bill, which the Committee aforesaid, in behalf of themselves, and the rest

had directed him to report to the House: And he read of the Land-owners there, was referred; that the Com-the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, mittee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table; where the had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to said Amendments were once read throughout, and then a them, to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question feve- and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; rally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House. where the same was read, and is as follows; viz.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be That the Committee, pursuant to the Order of the ingrossed. House, had examined the Matter of the said Petition;

and find,

Eafield Mr. Bertie reported from the Committee, to whom the That the Parish of Wick-rijfington con lifts of 58 Yard

Road. Petition of several Inhabitants of the Parishes of Enfield Lands, besides the Seigniory, or Lord ship, of that

and Edmonton, in the County of Middlesex, whose Names Manor; and that 38 Yard Lands thereof were the Fee are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and the and Inheritance of Vincent Oakley, Esquire, late deceased, rest of the Inhabitants of the said Parishes, was referred; which by his Will are vetted in the Petitioner, Bertram that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said , and Sir William Baronet, and

Petition, and had directed him to report the feme, as it Humphrey Ambler, Esquire, on Trust, for Payment of appeared to them, to the House: And he read the his Debts, and other Purposes; and that the remaining Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at 28 Yard Lands are the Fee and Inheritance of the other the Clerk's Table; where the feme was read, and is as Petitioners.

follows; viz. That the Lands lie mostly intermixed in common and

That the Committee, pursuant to the Order of the uninclosed Fields, and are subject to rot all Sheep, that House, proceeded to examine the Matter of the said feed therein, to the great Loss of the Petitioners. Petition; and, to prove the Allegations of the feme, That, in order for an Inclosure in general, the said examined the following Witnesses; viz. Vincent , and the rest of the Proprietors, exchanged

Mr. Samuel Clarke and Mr. John Frame; who fa id, and divided all the Lands amongst them, intending to that the Road, that leads out of the Northern Road, from hold the feme in Severalty; and also that the feme should the Watch-house at Edmonton to the Market Place at be Tythe-free, upon paying Eighty-two Pounds per Enfield, about One Mile and a half in Length, is in many Annum to the Rector, and his Successors.

Places (o bad, that Passengers cannot pass and repafe. That it further apeared to the Committee, that all without Danger: That the Statute-work hath been con- the Petitioners are willing and desirous, that the said stantiy done, yet the feme hath not been sufficient to keep Exchanges, Inclosures, and Divisions, should be made; the said Road in Repair; nor can it be kept in Repair, but, although the feme will be an Advantage to the without some other Provision be made for that Purpose. Petitioners, and the Parish, wherein the Premisses lie, and Ordered That it be an Instruction to the Committee, an Improvement of the said Reflory, yet such Exchanges, to whom the Bill for making more effectual the Alh, Inclosures, an<^ Divisions, cannot be effectually made

without

Wick-

riffingtotv

Indoiure.

Gooq\<

J

Supply Bill; baie of Annuities, fcc.

Capture of Iritiih Ships by Spain.

Lrtre of Abime.

Importation cl Tobacco

the Stalk.

2 Geo. II. to* Martin 16 f

without the Aid of an Act of Parliament, in regard the succeeding Rectors cannot be bound by such Agreement, and some of the Proprietors being now under Age.

Ordered, That Leave be given tp bring in a Bill for confirming Exchanges, Allotments, Divisions, and Inclosures, made of Lands in the Parish of in the County of Gloucejley, and for establishing the Payment of a yearly Sum to the Rector of the said Parish for the Time being, in lieu of Tythes; and that Colonel Berkeley, Mr. Bromley, Doctor Clark, and Mr. Amejley, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Charles Turner (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for rafing the Sum of One million Two hundred and Fifty thousand Pounds, by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England, after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum, redeemable by Parliament, and for applying the Produce of the Sinking Fund, was committed, the Amendments, the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill* with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the said Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Questionfeve rally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrofiea.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that Copies ofall Memorials, Petitions, and llepresentations, to his Majesty, or to his late Majesty, or their principal Secretaries of State, in relation to Spanish Captures of British Ships, belonging to the Subjects of this Kingdom, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be present; d to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That John Bond, Esquire, have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

The House proceeded (according to Order) to take into Consideration the Report from (he Committtee, to whom the Petition of the Council and Burgesses of the Colony of Virginia, and also the Petition of the Merchants of the City of London, trading to and Maryland,

and also the Petition of the Merchants, and Traders in Tobacco, in the City of Bristol, and also the Petition of the several Merchants, and Traders in.Tobacco, of and in the Port of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lan~ cafer, were referred.

And the Report was read, and is as follows;

That the Committee had taken into Consideration the said Petitions, and examined the following Witnesses; viz.

Mr. John Randolph, Agent for the Colony of Virginia; who said, that the People of Virginia and Maryland are chiefly subsisted by the Tobacco Trade, and, having no Manufactures of their own, are clothed with the Manufactures of this Kingdom, and are also supplied with all Sorts of Household Goods, Utensils of Trade, and other Merchandize, fit and necessary for them, from hence, which amounts to a very great Value yearly:

That the Exportation of the British Manufactures to those Countries doth wholly depend upon the Price of Tobacco, and, if by any Hardship laid upon them, they become unable to furnish themselves with Necessaries, as in some Years they have been, they mult of Necessity employ themselves in Manufacture of Woollen and Linen 9f their own, which would be a considerable Loss to the Trade and Navigation of this Kingdom:

That the Clause in an Act of Parliament, passed in the Ninth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, whereby the Importation of Tobacco, ftvipt from the Stalk or Stem,

Vo i. SI.

is prohibited, obliges the Planters to throw away the under and lhattered Leaves, of the Tobacco Plant, which is computed to be at lead One-fifth Part of the whole, when, by taking out the Stalk, it might be made very fit for the Markets here; but, for want of the Liberty of importing, it is become useless to them, unless they fell it at low Prices to them, who run it ashore; and, besides, they are under a Necessity of fending great Part of the Remainder of the Plant in such a Shape, as is not fit for the home Consumption; in Consequence whereof, the Planters are prevented from having their Returns so foots, as their Occasions require, the Merchants are obliged t keep great Quantities of Tobacco in their Wareltoufes; and several Persons, who formerly sent considerable Cargoes to Virginia, for purchasing Tobacco, have left off Trade on account of this Prohibition:

That the priceof Stalks in London is from tajr. to 18 per Hundred Weight: That they are manufactured by the Retailers, and mingled with the pure Tobacco; so that. the Importation of them cannot be any Addition to the Revenue; but must rather be a Lelfening, seeing that Sort of Tobacco will not consume To f*ft, nqr is so pleasenr, as the pure Leaf without any Mixture:

That the Quantity of Tobacco imported isconsiderably increased; but that is owing to the Increase of People in those Countries,' from the' Importation of Slaves, and Convicts, and not to the bringing in of Stalks. ‘

Mn James Bradley said; that, if this Clause be repealed, it can be no Detriment to the Revenue, because that depends intirely on the home Consumption; and it cannot be imagined, that the taking of the Stalk out can make it either less liked, or burn longer; but, on the contrary, it is evident, that the Stalk, manufactured with the Tobacco, will make it burn much longer in the Pipe, and lef6 acceptable to the Consumer:

That the repealing of this Clause can be little or no Detriment to the Poor, employed in the (tripping of-Tobacco here; for the Quantity of stript Tobacco, imported, before the Clause took Effect, did not exceed 8000 Hogsheads per Annum, and One Stripper can (trip 10 oik.of Tobacco per Diem-, which, computing the Hogsheads at 800 lb.per Hogshead, 200 Persons or thereabouts can strip the whole Quantity imported in One Year; and at least Half that Number will be employed in the picking, and laying straight, the stript Tobacco, and making it fit for the Knife.

Colonel Spotjwcod said, he had been near 15 Years there, and was sometime Commander in chief; and did observe, when Tobacco was low, it did not make sufficient Returns, but was generally brought in Debt; and* if the Clause be not repealed, the People will make their own Manufacture, which at present they have all from hence, and are depending upon; which will be

a very great Detriment to the Manufactures here: There is a Necessity, for that Reason, to give an Encouragement to the Tobacco Trade:

That he is well allured, if the Clause was to be repealed, there would be an Increase of One Tenth, in the Tobacco, and they could furnish net Tobacco sufficient for the home Consumption: That the Colony is at present in a low Condition, from the Want of a Consumption here: That the Increase of the People within these few Years last past has been the Occasion of fbmuch being imported* and makes the Planter enlarge the Plantation, though it is very often to his Ruin; but, if a good Commodity was made, they would be the sooner paid for it, and the Return would be much the quicker.

That it also appeared to the Committee, that the encouraging the Tobacco Colonies, is a general Good to the Kingdom, as it is a very great and beneficial Branch of its Trade; and the Planters at this Juncture are in great Need of Relief from the Hardships they lie under; and that the Clause, complained ofi is a principal Causa thereof.

A Clause in an Act, made in the Ninth Year of his late, Majesty's llcign, cap. 21. prohibiting the Importation <*jf Tobacco, stript from the Stalk, or Stem, was read.

3 U

i6a

to6 — i x° Maftii.

A. 1728.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to and the each half-yearly Dischafge of the principal Tepeal a Glaufc in an Act* of the Ninth Year of the Reign Money, advanced on the said Lottery, of King George the Firsts intituled, "An Act for enabling "And then he withdrew.

" his Majesty to put the Customs of Great Britain under And the Title of the said Account was read.

" the Management of One or more Commissions, and That the said Account do lie upon the Table,

" for better securing, and ascertairting, the Duties on to be perused by the Members of the House.

Tobacco, and to prevent Frauds in exporting Tobacco, " and other Goods and Merchandizes, Or carrying the " same Coastwise," which prohibits the Importation of Tobacco, stript from the Stalk or Stent; and that Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Mr, Scrape,

The said Account is bound Papers of this Session;

up with the other

Sir Charles Turner presented to the House (according Supply Bill;

Order) a Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by Duty on

and Mr. Alderman Barnard, do prepare, and bring inj laying a Duty of Six Pence Bushel upon ail unmalted so-the fame. Corn, or Grain, used in distilling; and the feme was Dlill, lauon‘

received;

Way* and Mean*.

Supply.

The other Orders of th* Day being read *,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the

A Bill to enable Numfrey WyrUy, Esquire, lately called Humfrey Wyrley Birch, and his Heirs and Issue Male, to

whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for take and use the Surname of pursuant to the

raising tire Supply granted to his Majesty. Deed of Settlement, made on the Marriage of Peter,

fr, , Doctor in Divinity, wit h the Daughter of IVyrley,

upon Wednesday Esqu|re> deceased, Was read a Second time.

That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Birch*

Nine,

Resolved, That this House will.

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to bU Majesty.

Supply Bill; La«d Tux.

The Hctife (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Br, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-nine.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that they had made a further Progressin the Bill; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Mr. Coffin, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Bacon, Mr. , Mr. Alderman Child, Mr. Murray, Sir Geo. Downing, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Ward, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Mr.

Wither, Mr. Lewen, Mr. Waller, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Vincent, Lord Wm.Pozv Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Lewis, Sir Edward Mr.

Mr. Bramston, Mr. Winnington, Lord Gage, Mr. Vernon, Lord CaJHemahiy Sir Jermyn Davers, Mr. Bond, Mr. Crispe , and all the Members, that serve for the Counties of Warwick, Stafford, and Salop: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That it beaninstruction to the Committee of

R'fih'J. That this Houfs will, upon mJn.Jdt, f/ »h°!' House, who are to conOder furtherrpf Ways and ,.JMi Ive itself into a Committee of the for Dra,l!"Slbe Supply granted to his Majesty, thap

Way*

Mean*.

Rendering Deeds, in Surrey.

Morning next, resolve whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, ii° Mar tit;

Anno a® Georgii II" Regis, 1718, Prayers.

MR. Vincent presented to the House (according to Order) a Bill for the publick registering of all Deeds, Conveyances, and other Incumbrances, that shall be made of, or that may affect, any Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the County of Surreyj and the feme was received, and read the

First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

they have Power to consider of the Duty upon Victuallers,; and Retailers of Beer and Ale, within the Cities of London and Westminster, and weekly Bills of Mortality.

K:

Exchequer,

tea

An ingrossed Bill for making good the Lois, occasioned Money stolrn j by a Sum of Money being stolen out of his Majesty's Out ol ti,e Exchequer, in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-four, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be.

An Act for making good the Loss, occasioned by a Sum of Money being stolen out of his Majesty's Exchequer, in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-four.

Ordered, That Sir Wm. Tinge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Commissioners for building the Fifty new Churches do lay before this House, the District for the Hamlet of Spittlefields, for making the feme a new Parish.

SpttM'ldl

P*ri(h.

Cutting Logwood in Ctmpeachy.

Ordered, That the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations do lay before this House, Copies of such Reports, as they have laid before his Majesty, or before his late Majesty, relating to the Right of the Subjects of Great Britain to cut Logwood in the Bay of Campeachy.

Ponttfraft

Writ.

Payment of Lottery, 1713.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the eleding a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Pontefraff, in the County of York, in the room of Sir Wm. Lowther, Baronet, deceased.

The House being informed, that Mr. Vander Efch (from the Lottery Office) attended at the Door, he was

An ingrafted Bill for naturalizing John Jacob lenius, and Bridget Pollard, was read the Third, time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass j and that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing John Jacob DiiLnius, Bridget Pollard, and John Elout.

Ordered, Thar Mr. Vincent do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Dil/fniw* See. Nit.

.1

k

4c

If

'Wff

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Dispositm Majesty, that he will be gra ciouilypleased to d/rest the of Graau. proper Officers to lay before this House, a particular and distinct Account of the Distribution of the Sum of Sixty thousand Pounds, which in an Account laid before this

t'k

called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pur- House, shewing, how the Money, given for the Service suant to their Order, An Account of all the Money, that of the Year 1728, has been disposed of, is charged to have has been received fort hePayment of Principal and Interest been issued to perfect and fulfil the Obligations, his for the Lottery of 1713, to Lady-day 1728, together with Majesty is under on Account ofEngagemems, entered into, the Charges of Management, distinguishing each Year, and concerted, the Trade and Navigation of

this

k

t

1

j

1 Gfio. II. i i" — i a" Martii. 263

this Kingdom, and for restoring and prfeferving the t*eace of Europe.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this HOufe as are of his Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

SpinilhDt. The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself prtdaiioMon into a Committee of the whole House* to consider further Tde"" of the Petition of divers Merchants, and others, trading to, and interested in, the British Plantations in in behalf of themselves, and many others, being read;

Ordered, That the Copies of the several Instructions, given to the late Admiral , and to any other Commander in chief, who succeeded him in the West Indies, to the Twenty-fifth Day of March, 1728, and also the Copies of all the Letters, so far as they relate to the said Instructions, written by Admiral Hosier, or the Commander in chief, who succeeded him, to the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, from the First Day of June, 1726, to the Twenty-fifth Day of March last,. and likewise Copies of all the Letters, so far as they relate also to the said In-ltructions, written by the said Commissioners, or their Secretary, to any of the said Commanders, within the said Time, presented to this House on Friday last, he referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

I Mr. Winnington took the Chair of the Committee.

! Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Winnington reported from the Committee, that they had further heard the Petitioners, and had examined several other Witnesses, touching the Matter referred to the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Petition of divers Merchants, and others, trading to, and interested in, the British Plantations in America, in behalf of themselves, and many others.

Ordered, That the Petitioners be further heard, if they " think fit, before the said Committee* upon Thursday

Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 12° die Martii;

Anno 2* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1728.

in Trustees, to be sold, for the I*aytneftt of the Debts of Bamfyld Rodd* Esquire, deceased; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

John Stanley, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms Privilege; attending this House, was (according to Order) brought a to the Rar; where he, upon his Knees, received a Reprimand from Mr. Speaker; and was ordered to be charged, discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Thomas Scavjen, Esquire,- and others, to make Leases of several Manors and Lands in , accord-

ing to the Custom of that County, and of the several Manors, in which the same do lie, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Henry Hoghton, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Turner, Mr. fVilfon, Sir Thomas Lowther, Sir Tko, Hales, Mr. Gybbon, Sir IhO. 1

Lee, Mr. Serjeant Birch, Mr. Tower, Mr. Evans, Mr.

Ash, Sir Nicholas Williams, Colonel Bladen, Mr.

Mr. Lowe, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Metcalfe, Mr.

Lord Charles Cavendish, Sir Rowland Lord Mal-

pas. Sir Thomas Frank!and, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Parsons,

Mr. Winnington, Mr. Cary, Mr. Orlebar, Mr. Geers i

General Ro/s, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Compton, Mr. Bevan,

Mr. Gwyn, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Brereton, Mr.

Bramston, Sir Richard Grosvenor, Mr. Bojcowen, Mr. Munro, Mr. Dunbar, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Hucks, Lord Morpeth, Mr. Holland, Mr. Lev Gower, Colonel Onslow, Sir Tho. Lowther, Mr Vernon, Mr. Kefatl,

Sir Edward KnathchbulT, and all the Members, that serve

for the Counties of Surry and Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act GreyV for the more effectual putting in Execution an Act of Estate*4 Parliament, made and passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled,

" An Act for the Sale of several Eilatcs of Henry Grey,

" Esquire, in the County of Southampton, and for settling " other Estates of equal Value, in the Counties of " Berks and Wilts, to the same Uses," was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time,-

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Hadldgh for. inclosing Aldham and Boyne Commons, belonging to Inclosure. the Parish of Hadlcigb, in the County of Suffolk, for the better Maintenance of the Poor of the said Parish, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

'ifi

A

)jlK

Prayers.

MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. John Bennet and Mr. Allen.

Mr. Speaker,

Hadleigh The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Inclosure, inclosing Aldham and Boyne Commons, belonging to the Parish of Hadleigh, in the County of Suffolk, for the better Maintenance of the Poor of the said Parish; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

Grey's And also, the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An M«e». Act for the more effectual putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, made and paised in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act for the Sale of several Estates of Henry " Grey, Esquire, in the County of , and for

" settling other Estates, of equal Value, in the County " of Berks and Wilts, to the same Ufesto which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

KjM*, And also, the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Eflatt. Act to vest several Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, in the Parish of Stoke Canon, in the County of Devon, VoL. 21.

A Petition of Henry Lecht, Clerk, one of the Rectors Spittlefields of the Parish of St. Dunstar. Stebunb alias Stepney, , Psrish. in the County of Middlesex, called by the Name of the Portionift of Ratcliffe, Stepney, and Herbert Pritchard,

Clerk, the other Rector of the said Parish, called by the Name of the Portionift of Spittlefields, Stepney, was presented to the House, and read j setting forth, that the Petitioners conceive, that in the Bill, depending in this House, for making the Hamlet of Spittlefields, in the Parish of St. Dunfian Stebunheath, alias , in the County of Middlesex, adiftinct Parish, and for providing a Maintenance for the Minister of such new Parish, fut-ficientProvision is not made for preserving the Petitioners Rights and Properties: And therefore praying, that they may be heard by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, or such Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for making the Hamlet of Spittlefields, in the Parish of St. Dunfian Stebunheath, alias Stepney, in the County of Middlesex, a distinct Parish, and for providing a Maintenance for the Minister of such new Parish, is

committed;

264

12° Mar Hi.

A. 1728.

committed; and that the Petitioners, if they think fit, Admiral of Great lay before this House,

be hekrd by their Counsel against the said Bill, before Copies of the several Letters written, and Petitions tunf-the said Committee. fnitted, by Commodore St. Lo to them, since the 25th

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said ConV- t)ay of , 1728, relating to any British Ships or

mittee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard for the Vessels, taken by the Spaniards, and for his Government said Bill at the same time. on that Occasion, and likewit'e Copies of the several

Letters, written by the said Commissioners, or by their Privilege, Complaint being made to the House, that Thomas Direction, either to the Secretaries of State, or to Com-tVinkes bath, during this Session of Parliament, proceeded modore St. Lo, since that Time, relating thereto; to Judgment in an Action of Debt, at his Suit, in the An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Marshalsea Court, against Richard Nicholson. a Servant Question, by adding, at the End thereof, these Words, attending this House, and hath taken his Bail in Execu- which Letters may contain, or relate to, Ordersj not

tion, in Breach of the Privilege of this House 5 in which Action Robert Andrews and Samuel Plummer were Attorneys or Agents for the said Plaintiff, and Abraham Freeman Bailiff and Richard Adams his Follower;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Matter of the said Complaint, and to report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

AnfWrr to Mr. Treasurer reported to the House, than their Ad-Adilrefj. dress of Monday last, That his Majesty would be gra-cioufiy pleased to give Directions, that Copies of all Memorials, Petitions, and Representations, to his Majesty,

} 164.

s

73-

Supprcffioti of Piracy.

executed, and still subsisting.'

And the Question being put. That those Words be

added to the Question;

The House divided:

The Yea# go forth:

-r , c ,r f Sir Edmund

Tellers for the Ye«,{ yr.

Tc"m for ,he Nom'{m

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the Question,. lb amended, being put, That the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral o Britain, do lay before this House,

or to his late Majesty, or their principal Secretaries of Copies of the several Letters written, and Petitions trans-State, in relation to SpanijhCaptures of British Ships, mitted, by Commodore to them, since the Twenty-

belonging to the Subjects of this Kingdom, may be laid fifth Day of March, 1728, relating to any British Ship* before this House, had been presented to his Majesty; and or Vessels, taken by the Spaniards, and for his Govern-that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this ment on that Occasion, and likewise Copies of the several House, that his Majesty will give Directions, that the Letters, written by the said Commissioners, or by their laid Copies of Memorials, and other Papers, defined, bo Direction, either to the Secretaries of State, or to Com-laid before this House. modore St. Lo, since that Time, relating thereto, which

Letters may contain. Dr relate to Orders, not executed, A Bill for the better suppressing of Piracy", and for and still subsisting;

giving all Prizes, taken from the Enemy, to the Captors, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

It passed in the Negative,

The other Orders of the Day being read f -

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning South Sra next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Company.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Mom- upon the Bill todilcharge the Trustees, appointed by an ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Act, of the Seventh Year of his late Majesty's Reign, House, upon the said Bill. for railing Money upon the Estates of the fate Directors

of the South Sea Company", and others, of their Trust, Office* and A Bill for indemnifying Persons who have omitted to and to vest in the said Company such of the Estates, which Employ menu. gUa]jfy themselves for Offices or Employments within the were vetted in the said Trustees, as remain of.

Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose, and for repealing so much of an Act of Parliament, passed in the First Year of his late Majesty King George the First, as requires Persons to qualify themselves for Offices or Employments within Three Months, and for limiting other Times for such Qualification, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee royal Hospital at Greenwich of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Seven-ivght, reloive itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

as aHo the Produce of such Estates and Effects, as have been disposed of by tire Trustees.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Turfday Morning

r ' 1 t rt f Holpitil 'Ire

t:K

?!& -.fiij 1.

-JdU

"lie'

ad

next, resolve itself into a Cornmitteeof the whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectqal collecting in Great Britain and Ireland, and other Parts of his Majesty's Dominions, the Duties granted for the Support of the

Dwics.

>att

Relief of insolvent Debtors.

A Bill for the Relief of insolvent Debtors, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. BratnJIon, General Ross, Sir Natkanael Curfon, Mr. Alderman Parsons, Mr. IVinningtcn, Mr. Cornwall, Sir etho. Hales,

Mr. Townshend, Captain Vernon, Mr. Cockburn, Mr.

Baron Thumpfon, Mr. Munro, Lord tVm. Mr.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this ffoufe will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself in:o a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ways 2nd Mains.

Supply.

m :"4n

iir

pano '*99

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into n Committee of the whole House, to consider further of

Sapyhf Bilh Lind Tv.

Papers respecting Ships taken by Spaniards.

Aldington, Mr. Earle, Matter of the Rolls, Mr. Sloper, the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land, Mr. Rudgr, Lord Micklethwaite, Mr. Oglethorpe, Mr. Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Sandys, Mr. Holland, Mr. Hughes, Mr. Halsey, Sir Year One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-nine.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that they had made a further Progress in the B:ll; and had A Motion being made, and the Question proposed, That dir him to move, that they may have Leave to fit die Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High again.

Rtfih>eJ,

*t

£U:

Tonge, Mr. Conduit, Mr. Vincent, Colonel Onslow-, and all the Members of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

v'fL

m

!n

J

2 Geo. II.

12° — \ % Martii.

RtJhlwJ, Thklthis House wiR, upon Morning

next, resolve itfelfintoa Committee of the whole HouU* to consider further of the (kid Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Te-tnortoW Morning, Nine of the Clock.

m.MII Who.lt fl If — . I . »»* ..,10-1 «, +rnMm

jfatSf 13* die Martii;

Anno a* G corgi i IIdi Regis, 1718.

Prayers.

jjdd*, A N ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act EAatc. xv to veil several Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, in the Parish of Stoke Canon, in the County of Devon, in Trustees, to be sold, for tlte Payment of the Debts of of Banfy/d Rodd, Esquire, deceased, was read the First: time. '

Revived, That the Bill be read a Second time.

hvmond'i] Mr. Alderman Perry presented to the House, according Estate. to Order, a Bill for the Relief of Colonel Hugh Raymond; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Refilved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

((ftticfieldt A Petition of feverat Gentlemen* Owners of Lands* talk. Houses, Hereditaments, and Tenements, in the Hamlet of Spitllefields, in the Patish of Steiunheath, alias Stepney*,

in the County of MiddJe/ex, on behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House* and read; setting forth, that these is a Bill depending in the House, fur making the Hamlet of Spi in the Parish of it, Dmilan's, Stebunhealh, alias in the County of

Middle fee, a distinct Parish, and for providing a Maintenance for the Minister of such new Parish: That the Petitioners are informed, the present Incumbent of the said Parish hath pet tinned against the said Bill t And praying, that they may be heard by themselves, or Counfei, fof the said Biij*

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed { and that the Petitioners, if they think fit, be heard before the said Committee by themselves, Or Couhlel* for the said Bill*

Men'* The Lord Marquis of Hartington presented to the House, according to Order, a Biii for the Relief of Sir Theodore Janffen, Knight and Baronet j and the same was received, ana read the First tune.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

jV Miikgf- A Petition © {Robert Ajunior, in Newgate, Was

tv. from presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that he is ordered by the House into the Custody of the Keeper of Newgate, for being guilty of notorious and scandalous Bribery and Corruption, in order to procure EUerker Brad/haw, Esquire, to be defied for the Borough of Beverley, in the County of York; for which Oftencfc he is

heartily sorry, and humbly begs Pardon of the House t That he is an Attorney at Law, and has many Gaufes to appear lor at the ensuing Assizes for the County of fork, which will begin in about Five Days, and, if he is not at Liberty then to attend, his Clients must be very much injured: That he is likewise concerned in the rrofecu-tion of William Newlove for Perjury, by Order of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the East Riding of; the said County, at the said Assizes; and that he has

several Records in his Custody, to be produced in Evidence at the said Newlovs Trial, which nobody can prove but the Petitioner; and that the said Newlove must be acquitted, if the Petitioner cannot attend at his Trial i And therefore praying the House to discharge him out of CuHotly.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table

Ditto, A Petition of John EUine in Newgate, was offered to be be presented to the House.

And the Question being put, That the said Petition be now brought up j,

Vol. 21.

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, nemine coniradkcnle, That Leave be given to Pnvmidh bring m a Bill for the -more effectual preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Elections of Members to fetye in EIeAlons* Parliament; and that Mr. Wdtkyn William Wynne, Mr. Lifter, Mr. liar ley, Mr. S&ndys, and Mr. do

prepare, and bring in, the feme.

A Petition of divers Merchants, and others, trading to Spanlfh Portugal, Spain, and Italy, &c. m behalf of themselves. Depredation* and many others, was presented to the House, and read; ^ry^ienCafl complaining of great Losses, for several Yeare past, by their Ships afld Effects having been seized in the Ports or Harbours belonging to the King of Spain, arid taken at Sea by Spanish Men of War and Privateers, and const cated and, although regular Application has been made for Redress, and Proofs given of the Losses, and Satisfeftiott may have been demanded at the Court of Madrid, yet nO Benefit has been received thereby 2 And therefore praying the Consideration of the House, and such Relief, hs to the House shall leeth fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, towhdra the Petition of divers Merchants, and others, trailing to, and interested in, the British Plantations in America, in behalf of themselves, and many others* is referred.; and that the Petitioners, if they think fit, be heard before the said Committee.

A Petition of fevetal Merchants, whose Names art Semite* by thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many Spa"«rd»ia Others, trading to and from the llland of Sicily, and Parts gj"j e to adjacent. Was presented to the House, and rtad; alleging, that they were great Sufferers in the Year 1718, by the Spaniards seizing their Ships and Effects, to a very great Value: And praying the House to take their same into Consideration, and recommend to his Majesty, that some Relief may be given them, in such mahner, as to thb House shall leem most meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be feferfed to the Con*

deration Of the Committee of the Whole House, to Whom the Petition of divers Merchants, and others, trading to* and iiitertfted in, the British Plantations in America, in behalf of themselves, and many Others, is referred; and that the Petitioners, if they think fit* be heard before the said Committee.

A Petition of the poof and miletabie Dfcbtbrs, confined pebtor*

In the Castle of Chester, in behalf of themselves* and many *et‘don. thousand imprisoned Debtors in the levfetal Prisonsdf this Kingdom, was presented to the Hous-, and read $ letting forth, that the Petitioners hoped, the late insolvent Act would have eitehded to relieve Debtors, without the Limitation of a Sum; but, as it did hot, though the Gaols are now fuller than ever, those Prisoners, who have been the greater Dealers in Tfade, are (till Confined, notwithstanding the y are willing their Creditors should have all their Effects towards their Satisfaction: And praying, that, upon surrendering up all to their Creditors, they may be discharged, Or thfeit CrtdltOts be obliged to maintain them, whilst in Prison.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie Upon the Table.

Mr. Dotmitii^ue, from the Commissioners for Trade and Cottier Plantations* pretented to the House, pursuant to their Logwood ia Order, Of Tuesday lift, Copy of a Representation from the t:wnPc*cl,y-Board of Trade, relating to the Right of the Subjects of Great Britain to cut Logwood in the Bay of

And the Title thereof was read,

Ordered, That the said Representation be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of divers Merchants, and others, trading to, and interested in, the British Plantations in Ain behalf of themselves, arid many Others* is referred.

The said Representation is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

... 3 X Ordered,

2 66

13 0 — 140

A. 1728.

Sptnlfti Depredati 01

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of divers

Trad6*11 Merchants, and others, trading to, and interested in, the British Plantations in America, in behalf of themselves, and many Others, and also the Petition of the incorporated Society of Merchant-adventurers within the City of Bristol, are referred, that the Petitioners in the last mentioned Petition, if they think fit, be also heard before the said Committee,

The Orders of the Day being read;

Spittlefields Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning Parish. next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for making the Hamlet of in

the Parish of Saint Dunst alias,

in the County of Middlef a distinct Parish, and for providing a Maintenance for the Minister of such new Parish.

Spanish The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a

Depredation* Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the on American Petition of divers Merchants, and others, trading to, and Trade. interested in, the British Plantations in in behalf

of themselves, and many others.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Winnington took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Winnington reported from the Committee, that the Petitioners had been further heard before the Committee, and had gone through their Evidence; and that the Committee had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, and also to make a Motion to the House, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Mr. Winnington also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, toconsider furtherof the Petition of the several Merchants, and others, trading to America from the Port of Liverpoole, in the County Palatine of in behalfof themselves,

and many others, and also the Petition of the incorporated Society of Merchant-adventurers within the City of Bristol, and also the Petition of divers Merchants, and others, trading to Portugal, Spaand Italy, &c. in behalf of themselves, and many others, and also the Petition of several Merchants, whose Names are thereuntofubferibed, in behalf of themselves, and many others, trading to and from the llland of Sicily, and Parts adjacent.

Ordered, That the Petitioners, if they think fit, be heard before the said Committee upon this Day Sevennight.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock. (

Veneris, 140 die Martii;

Anno 20 Prayers.

Georgii II" Regis, 1728.

Leed*

Chapel.

SI R William Milner presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to make the Chapel of Ease of the Holy and Undivided Trinity, in Leeds, in the County of York, a perpetual Cure and Benifice, and for defraying of some Expences in finishing the said Chapel, yet remaining unpaid; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Gosport A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are there-new Chapel, unto l'ubscribed, being Inhabitants, and Freeholders, paying Scotland Lot, in and about the Town of Gosport, in the Parish of Alverstoke, in the County of Southampton, in behalf of themselves, and many poor Families living

in the said Town, waspresented to the House* and read; setting forth, that a Petition is depending in the House, that a Bill may be brought in, for laying a Tax upon all Coals, which shall be imported at Gosport, for a Provision for a Minister, and keeping the Chapel there in Repair: That the Chapel was built by voluntary Subscription, and at the Time of the Consecration, in 1696, Fees were vested in the Minister there, amounting to not less than £. too. per Annum, one Year with another, and are now enjoyed by the present Rector, besides 10 for the Use of the Pall, now engrossed by him, which was formerly the Property of a poor Widow; notwithstanding which, the Petitioners for the said Bill suggest, there is no Provision for a Curate, although his Salary, at the Consecration of the said Chapel, was settled only at £. 20. per Annum: That about Three Years ago a very heavy Rate, of above £.700. was raised by the Inhabitants, for

rebuilding the Parish Church of Alverstoke; and the Town, through the Want of Trade, and daily Increase of the Poor, is fallen above one half in the Value of the Rents; lb that the Poor's Rates have amounted to above £. 500. per Annum for several Years pall; and, should the said Tax be laid, many Tradesmen, that use great Quantities of Coals, and several other considerable Families, have determined to leave the Town: That a very able Divine, formerly Curate of the said Chapel for several Years, now fixed in a Living of above 80. per Annum, has offered £. 40. in Money, and to resign his present Incumbency, if the Rector's Son, who now officiates, would accept thereof, in Exchange for the Chapel, which is but one Mile and an Half, and the Way always very good, from the said Parish Church: And it is observed, that those who petition for this Tax, are the moll wealthy Persons in the Town, and very able to maintain a Minister, and repair their Chapel, as they have hitherto done: And praying, that they may be heard by Counsel against the said Petition, before a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the Prayer thereof, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief, as the House shall think fit, not One-fiftieth Part of the Inhabitants of the Town of Gosport knowing any thing of the said Petition, when presented.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, who have thereunto subscribed their Names, Inhabitants of the Borough of Gosport, in the County of Southampton, on the behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Borough, presented to this House on the Twenty-eighth Day of February last, ..... be received.

Mr. Alderman Perry presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to repeal a Clause in an Act, made in the Ninth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, which prohibits the Importation of Tobacco, stript from the Stalk, or Stem; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir William Strickland reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, and Gentlemen, affetnbled at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, holden for the West Riding of the County of York, at Weatherby, the Thirteenth Day of January, 1728, and continued, and adjourned, to and

Doncaster, in and for the same Riding, and also the Petition of the Justices of the Peace For the East Riding of the County of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, and also the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, assembled at the Quarter Sessions of the Peace, holden at York, in and for the Liberty of St. Peter of York, were referred; that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, together with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, ^nd afterwards delivered itjinat the Clerk's Table; where the same was read; and the Report, and Resolution, arc as follows; viz.

That

3:

j:

k

ttr

a.

Dr in

k T

b

Mr. T

Sir:

k

Si;

Clf;

lisfi; h tew Tf hi ante: ih

Importation of Tobacco 'dis Jlript from ]\ the Stalk*

tti 3J

Regulating Attornies &C and Solicitor

h

1

Ull!

fcij

Ho,

3tf!

r

*, V

It

a Geo. II. 14 0 Martii.267

That the Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, of the 25th of February last, proceeded to examine the Matter, contained in the said Petitions, and summoned several Persons to attend the Committee, and to lay before them the Papers hereafter mentioned.

That the Committee ordered Sir George Cooke, Mr, Foley, and Mr. Borret, Prothonotaries of the Court of Common Pleas, to lay before the Committee the Books of the Names of all the Clerks, entered in their respective Offices; and.

That Sir George Cooke should lay before them a Copy of the Oath, taken by the sworn Attorneys in the Court of Common Pleas; and also,

That the proper Officer of the Warrant of Attorneys Office should attend with a List of the Names of all the Attorneys, that have been sworn in the Court of Common Pleas for Thirty Years last past, and are now subsisting upon the Rolls; and also,

That the Matter of the King's Bench Office, or his Deputy, should attend with a List of all the (worn Clerks of the Court of King's Bench, and also a List of all the sworn Attorneys of the Court of King's Bench, that have been sworn for Thirty Years last past, distinguishing the several Years, in which the said Clerks, and Attorneys, were sworn; and also to bring a Copy of the Oath of an entering Clerk, and the Oath of a sworn Attorney, in the said Court; and also,

That the Master of the Bill of Office, or his

Deputy, should attend; and also,

That the Master of the Exchequer of Pleas, or his Deputy, should attend with a List of the Names of all the Attorneys and Clerks that are in his Office; and that the Four Attorneys of that Court should also attend j and,

That Mr. William Tulley, Mr. Powell, Mr.

Henry Williams, Mr. Rees Price, Mr. John , and

Mr. Robert Appleton, should aKo attend.

That Sir George Cooke produced his Book of Attorneys (worn, and also of his entering Clerks, and the Oath of an Attorney: '

And Mr. Foley and Mr. Borrett produced their Books.

Sir George Cooke said, that to his Knowledge, he never entered any Clerks in his Office, but such as had served their Time, Or were well recommended by Pradifers, that he knew, or the Master with whom they served their Clerkship:

That the Clerks who are entered in his Office, claim a Privilege of not being-sued.but in that Court: That, if any one isfued in any other Court, he may plead his Writ of Privilege; and, if he is' sued in any other Court, he mud have a Copy of the Writ, and then plead it fub pede figil/i;

That he has not above a Thousand Clerks entered in his Book: That he does not-know all his entering Clerks by Name, but several of them by Person j and that entering Clerks are exempt from pacing Fees, when sued: That the several Prothonotaries tax Attorneys Bills in their respective Offices: That, before Bills-have been taxed, the whole Money has often been brought into Court; and sometimes tie has taxed- Bills,-Without the Money being brought into-Court:

That every one that is fworri in as an'Attorney,- ought to have a Six Pound Stamp v> That he has been a Protho-notary about Twenty Years, and- believes, there is-more Business now, than Formerly, as also more entering Clerks; and knows of no.objection,: why all Clerks whatsoever, who practise* should not be sworn: Thathe knows of-no entering Clerk, that pradifes in his Office, but what are entered in his Books; but has entered several, upon the Country Attorneys Agents; Recommendations, though

he never saw the Person: > -

That there are several, who take out Writs in that Court, who are no Attorneys of the fame: That the Costs on aj udgment by Default, be believes to be Eight Pounds; and when Bills are brought to be taxed, he taxes them accordingly; and, when upon a Verdict,. never makes any Distinction, whether for 401. or £ $0.

You 21.

1

That the Attorneys Bills that are taxed in his Office, are Regulating always writ in Court Hand, and in Law Latin; and does Attorniejand not know of any Inconveniency it would be to the Client* Solicitor*, whether the Bill is writ in Court Hand, or Secretary Hand, and in English: That a great many trifling Actions are brought in the Prothonotaries Offices, as well as in other Courts: That it is a certain Rule, where the Cause is tried, to allow £. 14. ioj. Costs:

That the Charges of paying Money into Court is a Penny in the Pound, and Two Pence in the Pound taking it out again.

Mr. John Ward produced a List from the Warrant of Attorneys Office of all the sworn Attorneys on the Rolls for Thirty Years: That he believed, there might be about 420 in all.

Mr. Samuel Clarke produced a List of the Clerks of Edward Ventris, Esquire, chief Clerk of the King's Bench, as also a List of the Attorneys of the Court of King's Bench:

And, being examined, said, that none ought to prac-tife, but such as are sworn Attorneys; but believes, there are a great many, that practise in others Names, though they are not allowed so to do, and who never were entered Attorneys in that Court, but ad only by Collu* lion; and that there is no Power to restrain them from so doing: That no Person ought to sue out a Bill of Middlesex, but such as are (worn Attorneys:

That the Sheriffs Officers often take out Writs, and put an Attorney's Name thereto, without the Knowlege of the Attorney; and all Attorneys and Clerks, who are sworn, are privileged by their Courts; but Solicitofs, who practise in others Names, are not: That none are admitted Attorneys in the King's Bench, without a Certificate of their having served Five Years at lead to k Clerk or Attorney of that Court: That the Judges and Serjeants Clerks have a Privilege of being (worn; and none but the sworn Clerks belonging to the Office, can make out a Judgment or take out a Writ.

Mr. John Croft, Deputy to the Master of the Bill of Middlesex Office, said, that he believes, there are several Persons that take out Writs, that are not Attorneys; and that the several Offices never refuse any Person that comes to (ign their Writs; but there is always an Attorney's Name to the Writ; and they never inquire, whether they' are sworn Attorneys or not: Has often known Sheriff

Officers take out Writs: That Officer always keeps an Account of the Number of Writs, that are issued:

Has known 1,100 issued in a Vacation, and about 3,000 in a Year.

Mr. William Spicer produced a List of the Attorneys and Clerks, in the Office of Pleas in his Majesty's Court of Exchequer; and said, that there are Three Sorts of Processes, a Subpoena,a Quominus, and a Summons; and that they are obliged to grant a Process to any Person who comes for it. /

- Mr. William Tu/ly'said, That he has heard, that there are a great Number of Persons who call themselves Pfcotbonotaries' Clerks, that have the same Privilege of practising as fwora-Clerks. That he has heard, several broken Tradesmen and Bailiffs, do practise as Attorneys, and often set People at Variance, and have got £. 10. or £. ao. of each Party, by being concerned, and, before the Maitter comes to a Trial, make the Affair up between their Clients for a-Bottle of Wine, and a Treat: Believes, many practise in the Name of others, to avoid the Duty of the Six Pound Stamp: That several practise, in the Town' and Countty, who are not sworn Clerks, nor ever served any Clerkship, and ought not to practise; but practise only as being entering Clerks, and have a Writ of Privilege, not to be sued in any other Court, but such 4s they belong to: That the Prothonotaries Clerks formerly never entered up Judgments, but such as were actually seated Clerks in the Office, as likewise in the King's Bench: That he believes, there are some Thousands of entering Clerks:

That it is a great Detriment to the Government-in relation to the Stamp Duties, that the entering Clerks,

and

a68 140 Martii. A. 1728.

a*d otbrr Persons are permitted to practise, without being sworn, and this is one great Occasion of the Law being so ill managed: That such Pra&ifers foment Suits and Indictments for frivolous Trespasses: Believes, there are not above 200 sworn Attorneys and Clerks in the King's Bench: That several Attorneys allow their Clerks, who have Cerved their Time out, topraftife in their Names.

Mr. Reis Price laid, that there are no Pradifers in the

Court of Great Sessions of Wales, but such as are regularly educated: That, upon a Subpeena out of the Exchequer for less than 40 s.Damage, the Cods upon Judgment by Default come to about 7 or Mr. Robert Appleton laid, that a great Number of Pradifers, who practise in the Country, and have good Business, were never sworn: That he knows one, who is a Farmer, and another a Sailor, and about 20 or 30 more, who practise, and never were sworn: That he knew one, that made out a Bill of £. 14. and took £. 5. for the Whole: That there are only Six sworn Attorneys in the East Hiding of the County of York.

Mr. Richard Marriott, one of the Attorneys in the Office of Pleas in his Majesty's Court of Exchequer, said, that the Cods of that Court, upon a Judgment of Default, are always taxed by the Mader, which generally amount to about £. i and no Difference in the Taxations, whether the Judgment is for great or smallSums: That, where the Judge, in case of a Trespass, or for Battery, certifies for under 40 s.the Cods are usually taxed at 16 or £. 17. That sometimes One, Two, Three, and Four Names are put in a Subpoena, and never more than Four in a Writ i and in a Summons only one Name: That the Attorneys of that Court are sworn, but the Clerks are not, but pradjfe in the Name of one of the sworn Attorneys j and if any Solicitor makes out any Process irregular!)', he is liable to be prosecuted.

Mr. Thomas Lloyd said, that several Attorneys, who fend for Writs into the Country, made out in that Court, are sworn Attorneys, and several are not: That he believes that every one who pradifes, ought to be (worn in Come Court or other.

Mr. Henry Williams said, that he knows several practise,

who have not been regularly bred, nor sworn Attorneys: Has known several frivolous Actions brought in the Court of Exchequer, and several Persons ruined thereby: That in case or Battery, if the Judge certifies for under 40J. he has known the Cods amount to 17 or 18. That sometimes he has had Two Attachments at a Time to be returned: Has known the Judge certify for about 5 t and in an Action of the same the Cods have amounted to Thirty Pounds.

And the Prothonotaries having brought in their several Lids in Court Hand, the Committee ordered, chat they should bring in the same writ in round Hand.

The Commissioners of the Stamp Duties attended the Committee, and being examined, said, that there are a great many that practise, who were never sworn, and several, who are entered in the Prothonotaries Office, who never paid the Stamp Duty of Six Pounds, as they ought to have done, if they had. been sworn i and the Comraif? ftonershave had Advice of Counsel thereupon, but were informed, they cannot oblige the Prothonotaries entering Clerks to be (worn, as the Law now Hands; by reason Or which the Stamp Duty is, greatly injured and kffened.

Then Sir George Cooke, Mr. Foley, and Mr. Barret, (according to Order) delivered in their Lifts, writ in round Hand.

And a Judgment was produced, where the original Cause of Action was but for Six Shillings, but when the Bill was taxed at Sir George s Office, he allowed £. 16. for. Costs. '<

That the Petitioners having folly proved the A Vega* lions contained in their Petitions; the Committee came

to the following Refalutioa

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee; That the House be moved for Leave to bring in a Bill for the better qualifying and regulating Pradifers in the Courts of Chancery, King's, Bench, Common Pleas,

Exchequer, the Court af Great Session in Wales, Confides Palatine of Chester, Laucdfier, and Durham.

And Sir WAtiam Stricklind moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave.be gives to bring in a Bail for the better qualifying and regulating Attorneys and Solicitors, and Persons practising as foefr; and that Sir tVm. Strickland, Mr. Gitmviie, and Mr. Revan, do prepare, and bring in the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for raising the Sum of One million Two hundred and Fifty thousand Pounds, by Safe of Annuities to the Bank of England, after the Hate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum, redeemable by Parliament, and for applying the Produoe of the Sinking Fund, was read the Third time.

Resolved', That the Bill do pafsj and that the Title be. An Act for raising the Sum of One million Two hundred and Fifty thousand Pounds, by Sak of Annuities to the Bank of England, after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum, redeemable by Parliament; and for applying the Produce of the Sinking Fund.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Turner do Carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Robert Appleton, junior, now a Prisoner in his Majesty's Gaol of Newgate, be brought to the Bar of this House Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in order to his being discharged; and that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants accordingly.

A Bill to enable Arthur Geohegan, al ias Stafford, Esquire, to take upon him the Surname of Stafford only, was read a Second tipie.

Resolved, That the Bilf.be committed to Lord Finch, Lord Wm. Powlett, Lord Fitzwilliam, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. New land. Sir James Campbell, Mr.

Sir Edward \Knatcbbull, Mr. Her non, Mr. Ash, Mr.

Pelham, Mr. Conduit, Mr. SSir Roger Bradshaigh, Mr. Vane, Mr. Fane, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Coruewall, Mr. Waller, Mr. Hucks, Sir Archibald Grant, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Tufnell, Lord Morpeth, Mr. Dundafs, Mr. York, Mr. Bromley,. Mr. Williams, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Page, Mr. Rev an. Lord , Mr.

Harley, Mr. Lyjier, Mr. Banks, Mr. Dunbar-, and all the Members that serve for the County of t

And they axe to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Winnington, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of divers Merchants and others, trading to, and interested in, the British Plantations in America, in behalf of them-felyes and many others, Was referred, the Resolution which they had dirC&ed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Tabid,; where the same was read,;bnd is as folloWethviz-.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That from the Peace, concluded it Utrecht in the Year 171# to this Time, the British Trade and Navigation to and from) the fcvciUl British Colonies < in America has been

greatly;iinterrupted by thd continual Depredations of the Spaniards, who have feiacd very valuable Effects, and pnjuftly taken, and made Prize of groat Numbers of Brtttfk Ships and Vessels in those; Parts, ito the great Lois and Damage of the Subjects of this Kirigddrt, and in manifest Violation of the Treaties subsisting between the Two. Crowns.

The said Refalutioa being read a Second) time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, in 4 b£ laid Resolution, That, from the Peace, concluded at Utrecht in the Year 1713, to this Time, the Briti/k Trade and Navigation, to and from the several British Colonies in America, has been greatly interrupted by the continual Depredations of the Spaniards, who have seized very valuable Effects, and unjustiy taken, and made

Prize

Supply Bill; Bale of Annuities! ice.

Privilege- a Person to be brought to the Bar*

Geohegan *1 Name*

Spanish Depredations on American Trade.

i Geo. II.

140 — 15°

2 6<)

t*rize of, great Numbers of Ships and Vessels, in

those Parts, to the great Loss and Damage of the Subjects of this Kingdom, and in manifest Violation of the Treaties subsisting between the Two Crowns.

Mr. Winnington also acquainted the House, that he was

directed by the Committee to move the House, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, to desire his Majestywill ufehisutmost Endeavours to prevent such Depredations, to procure just and reasonable Satisfaction for the Losses sustained, and tofccure to his Subjects the free Fxercife of Commerce and Navigation to and from the British Colonies in America.

And Mr. Winnington moved the House accordingly.

Resolved, nemine contradicente, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, to desire, his Majesty will be graciously pleased to use his utmost Endeavours to prevent such Depredations, to procure just and reasonable Satisfaction for the Losses sustained, and to secure to his Subjects the free Exercil'e of Commerce and Navigation to and from the British Colonies in Am eric*.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That the aforesaid Resolution of the House he humbly laid before his Majesty at the same time with their said Address.

Ordered, That such Members of this House, as are of his Majesty's most honourable Privy Council, do humbly know his Majesty's Pleasure, when he will be attended by this House.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Brick* A Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to prevent Abuses in the making of Bricks and " Tiles, and to ascertain the Dimensions thereof, and to " prevent all unlawful Combinations amongst any Brickmakers, or Tile-makers, within Fifteen Miles of the " City of London, in order to advance or enhance the " Price of Bricks or Tiies," was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Child, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir Strickland, Sir Richard Grosvenor, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Scrope, Mr. Byng, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Harrison, Mr. Cockkurn, Mr. Whitworth, Sir John Eyles, Mr. Compton, Mr. Hacks, Sir Edward Knalchbull, Mr. Jacomb, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Mr. IVitber,

Mr. Clayton, Mr. Sandys. General Sabine, Sir John Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Williams, Mr. Morice, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Bertie, Lord , Mr. Lomax, Mr. Bevan, Mr. Wyndham, Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Mr. Vane, Mr. Cross, Mr. Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. East, Mr. Lacon Child, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Page, Sir John Cope, Mr.;

and all the Members, that serve for the Counties of

Middlesex, Essex, Kent, Surry, Hertford, and City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Wr Bill; The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a

Lad Tax' Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-nine.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto,-which they had directed him to report, when the House will pleal'e to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 15* die Martii

Anno a* Georgii II4* Regis, 1728.

Praters.

Vol. 21.

jpObert Appleton, junior, being brought up by the Phrilejje —

Keeper of Newgate (according to Order) was brought to the Bar; where he, upon his Knees, received a Repri- jjf. mand from Mr. Speaker; and was ordered to be discharged charged, out of Custody, paying his Fees.

And then he withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Robert Appleton be called in again.

He was called in accordingly, and examined as to the Time of his surrendering himself, and his Usage in Newgate.

And then he withdrew.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, shtpardi-to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term granted by an ihord, tec. Act, passed in the Parliament, holden in the Twelfth Road*. Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for repairing the Highways between " and Horsley-upright Gate, leading down Bagdon Hill,

" in the County of Wilts, and other ruinous Parts of the Highways thereunto adjacent," and for making the said Act more effectual,... that they have Power to provide in the said Bill, that the Trusts, by the said former Act vested in the Justices of the Peace for the said County, at their Quarter Sessions, shallceafe and determine, and that proper Powers, for the effectual amending the Highways, directed to be repaired by the said former Act, be vested in other Trustees, to be named in the said Bill.

Sir Charles Turner (according to Order) reported from Supply Bill; the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill Land Tax.' for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-nine, was committed, the Amendments, the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the said Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Treasurer reported to the House, that his Majesty The King having been waited upon, pursuant to the Order of tppoinu to Yesterday, humbly to know, when he would please to be auen^e<1-attended by this House, his Majesty had been pleased to appoint Monday next, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, at his Palace of Saint James.

A Message- from the Lords, by Mr. John Bennet, and Mr. Allen t

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Barnet inclosing Part of a Common, called Barnet Common, Inclosure. belonging to the Manor of Chippen Barnet, in the County of Hertford, and for veiling a certain Annual Rent-charge in Trustees, for the Benefit of the Poor of the Parish of Chippen Barnet for ever; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

And also, the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Bo*te'»

Act for vesting all the Lands and Hereditaments in the Sftwe.

County of Tipperary, in the Kingdom of Ireland, late the Estate of Godfrey Boate, Esquire, late one of the Justices of his Majesty's Court of King's Bench in the said Kingdom, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for the Payment of the Debts of the said Godfrey Boate, and for other Purposes; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of thlis House.

And then the Messengers withdrew,

3 Y An

Barnet

Inclosure.

Boafe's

E/Uce.

Leave

of Absence.

Lichfield, Icc. Roads.

Disorders of Footmen in Waiting.

270 150 — 170 — 18 1728.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for inclosing Part of a Common, called Barnet Common, belonging to the Mr,nor of Chip Barnet, in the County of Hertford, and for veiling a certain annual Rent-charge in Trustees, for the Benefit of the Poor of the Parish of Chippen Barnet, for ever, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting all the Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Tipperary, in the Kingdom of late the Estate of Godfrey Boate, Esquire, late ere of the Justices of his Majesty's Court of King's Bench in the said Kingdom, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for the Payment of the Debts of the said Godfrey Boate, and for other Purposes, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Turner have Leave to make a Motion, it being past Three of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Sir Edmund Bacon, of,

Baronet, have Leave to go into the Country for Ten Days, upon extraordinary Occasions.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Lun<z, 17* die Martii;

Anno 2* Georgii II41 Regis, 1728, Prayers.

MR. Leveftn Gower reported from the Committee to whom the Bill for repairing the Roads leading from Cannals Gate to the City of Lichfield, and from the said City to Stone, and from thence to the End of the County of Stafford, in the Poll Road towards Chester, and also from the Town of Burton upon Trent to the said City of Lichfield, and from thence to Wood-end, and Ogley-hay, and also from the said City of Lichfield to High Bridges, in the County of Stafford, and the County of the said City of Lichfield, was committed, the Amendments, the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the said Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Alderman Perry presented to the House, according Wapping; to Order, a Bill for making the Hamlet of new Church.

Stepney, in the Parish of Saint Dunstan Stebunheath alias Stepney, in the County of Middlesex, a distinct Parish, and for providing a Maintenance for the Minister of the new Church there; and the feme was received.

A Bill to enable the South Sea Company to advance Gore'i to the Trustees, named in the Marriage Settlement of Marriage John Gore, Esquire, and Hannah, his Wife, a Sum of Settlement. Money therein mentioned, for perfecting the Intention of the said Settlement, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole '

House, upon the said Bill.

The House being informed, that Richard Nicholson, a Privilege. Servant, attending this House, had received Satisfaction, in relation to the Breach of Privilege, complained of on '

his Behalf the ^twelfth of March instant j;

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the Matter "

of the said Complaint.

Ordered, That the Matter of the Petition of William Newcastle Carr, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and upon Tine Return for the Town and County of upon Elec"°"*

Tine, presented to the House the Twenty-second Day of January last, and referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, be heard at the Bar of this House upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the Matter, of the said Petition.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Mom- s0nth Se» ing next, resolve it (elf into a Committee of the whole Company. House, upon the Bill todischarge the Trustees, appointed by an Act, of the Seventh Year of his late Majesty's Reign, for railing Money upon the Estates of the late Directors of the South Sea Company, and others, of their Trust, and to vest in the said Company such of the Estates, which were vested in the said Trustees, as remain undisposed of, as also the Produce of such Estates and Effects, as have been disposed of by the Trustees.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednfday Way* Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the an(lMi»ui. whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

iff

k

S3:

A

h

k

Tli

?-i0:

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, that the High Bailiff of Westminster had informed him, that several Footmen had, in the Court of Requefis, insulted the Constables in waiting, for endeavouring to put in Execution the Order of the House, to prevent Gaming, and other Disorders.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to consider of proper Methods for the more effectual preventing such Disorders for the future.

Aqd it is referred to Dr. Sayer, Mr. Vernon, Sir Nathanael Curzen, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Earl, Mr. Gybbon, Mr.

Clayton, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Mr. Broreton, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Sir John Aftley, Sir Edward Stanley, Mr. Goddard, Mr. Banks, Sir Wm Yonge, Mr.

Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Paeey, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Levefen Gower, Mr. Rudge, Mr. Holland, Mr. Cafor, Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. , Lord Wm. Powlett, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Page, Mr. Mr. Pol-

hill, Mr. Moore, Sir Wilfrid Lawson, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Brooksbank, Sir Edward KnatcbbAnd they are to

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martisy 18° die Martii;

Anno 2° Georgii IIdi Regis. 1728. Prayers.

MR. Bromley reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for exemplifying the several Wills and Codicils of James, late Earl of Anglesey, and John, late Earl of glefey, and for making the feme Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity in Great Britain and , was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and had

Supply* ;r

tk

fir.

itv'

W,.‘

k

Earl of ft;

Aiifc!"!ry'l

Will.

' *4

k.

'k

2 Geo. II. 18° Martii.

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend- of Berks and Wilts, to the same Uses," was read a

merits thereunto, which they had directed him to report Second time.

to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pot eager, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, Mr. Hacks, Mr. Colonel Onslow, Lord' Wm.

in at the Clerk's Table; where the said Amendments Powlett, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Glanville, Mr. Cary, Mr.

were read, and are as follows; viz. Sir Nathanael Curzon, Lord Gage, Mr. Corne-

Press 2. L. 8. After " Chancery" insert " in that wall, Mr. Mr. Mr. Alderman,

" Part;" and, in the same Line, after " Britain" inferc Mr. , Mr. Jacomb, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr.

" called England" Hughes, Mr. Mr. Mr. Allington,

L. 33. After " the" insert " laid;" and, in Mr. Oglethorpe, Mr. Orlebar, Lord PercivaU, Mr. Lathe same Line, leave out " of Great Britain." roc he, Mr. Norris, Sir Edward Knatchbull, Sir Philip

Prels 3. L. 6, 7. Leave out " or authentick Copies." Parker, Mr. Cross, Mr. Byug, Dr. Sayer, Mr. Gould,

L. 8. Leave out " they," and insert "it." Mr. Compton, Mr. Scawen, Mr. Holland, Mr.

L. 20. Leave out " or Copies." Colonel Read, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Bond, Mr.

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second Boone, , Mr. Dockminique, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Conduitt, time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon* Mr. "Taylor-, and all the Members that serve for the agreed unto by the House. Counties of Wilts, Berks, and SouthamptonAnd they

The laid Bill was read the Third time. are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do Speaker's Chamber, pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Bromley do carry the Bill to the An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Rodd* Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to vest several Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, in Eftat*. to the fame, with some Amendments; to which Amend- the Parish of Stoke Canon, in the County of Devon, in ments this House doth desire their Lordships Concur- Trustees, to be sold, for the Payment of the Debts of rence. Bamfyld Rodd, Esquire, deceased, was read a Second

time.

Wick-riffing. Colonel Berkeley presented to the House (according , That the Bill be committed to Mr. Geers,

mladofarc. to Order) a Bill for confirming Exchanges, Allotments, Mr. Hacks, Mr. Serjeant Mi. Holland, Mr. Waller,

Divisions, and Inclosures, of Lands in the Parish of Wick- Mr. Alderman Child, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Ogle-riffington, in the County of Gloucester, and for establish- thorp. Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Cockbvrn, Lord Wm. ing the Payment of a yearly Sum to the Rector, and his Powlett, Mr. Gybbon, Sir Richard Grosvenor, Mr.

Succdfors, in lieu of Tythes, pursuant to Agreements, Doddington, Mr. Crowle, Mr. Grosvenor, Mr. Rudge,

made between Vincent Oakley, Esquire, deceased, and Mr. Bacon, Mr. Stezvard, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Earle, the ot her Proprietors of the said Lands; and the same Mr. Allington, Mr. Cary, Mr. Bridges, Sir

was received, and read the First time. hMr. Campbell, Sir Wm. Yonge, Mr. Trelawny, Mr. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. Newland, Mr. Harley, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Price, Mr.

P ley dell, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Potenger, Mr.

flipping A Bill for making the Hamlet of Wapping, Stepney, in Mr. Ongley, Dr. Sayer, Mr. Mr. Mr.

*f Churth. |jje parjQj of Saint Dunstan Stebunheath, alias Stepney, PColonel Onslow, Mr. Vincent, Mr.

in the County of Middlesex, a distinct Parish, and for Mr. Duncomb, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Williams Wynn, Mr. providing a Maintenance for the Mini Her of the new B Mr. Gwyn Vaughan, Lord Mr. Law-Church there, was read the First time. /on, Mr. Lutwych, General Ross, Lord Gage, Mr.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. Godolphin, Mr. ard, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Child,

Mr. Shippen, Mr. Mr. Perrot, Mr. Bold,

Privilege — The House being informed, that Robert Appleton, Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Edwards, Mr. Taylor, Colonel Bladen,

enior» an<^ J°/eph Beall y,who were upon Saturday, the Sir Edward Knatchbull, Mr. Devereux, Sir Nicholas Wil-Commit-r0m hightli Day of Marchinflant, ordered to be committed Hams, Mr. Digby, Mr. Walcot, Mr. Bevan, Mr. Wor/ey,

mt Prisoners to his Majesty ‘s Gaol of Newgate, for having Mr. Wynn, Mr Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Compton, Sir

been guilty of notorious; vnd scandalous Bribery and Cor- Archibald Grant, Mr.; and alt the Members, that

ruption, in order to procure Ellerker Bradshaw, Esquire, serve for the County of Devon: And they are to meet to be elected a Burgess, tc> serve in this present Parliament this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's for the Borough of Bever ley, in the County of York, are Chamber, so aged, and infirm, as r,o t to be able to travel to London,

without Danger of theii Lives; and that one Thomas A Bill for the publick registering of all Deeds, Con- R#gifter;ng

Rawlins attended at the E *oor, who could give the House veyances, and other Incumbrances, that shall be made Deeds, &c. an Account thereof; he was called in, and, being exa- of, or that may assess, any Honours, Manors, Lands, in Surrey,

mined at the Bar, he faiel, that Robert Appleton, ienior, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the County of

is about 73 Years of Age, in a very ill State of Health, Surrey, was read a Second time.

weak, and not able to tray el, without Danger of his Life. Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Vincent,

And then the said Then, las Rawlins withdrew. Colonel Onslow, Lord Gage, Lord Wm. Powlett, Mr.

Ordered, That the said . Robert Appleton, tenior, be dif- Allington, Sir Wm. Yonge, Mr. Brereton, Sir Abraham

charged, paying the Offic< ;rs of this House their Fees. Elton, Mr. Earle, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Ver-

The said Thomas Raw. tins was called in again, and non, Mr. Hucks, Mr. Cross, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Win-examined as to Joseph Be alby: He laid, Joseph Bealby nington, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Glanville, Mr. is about Sixty Years of A ge, and not able to ride on Lewcn, Dr. Sayer, Mr. Metcalfe, Mr. Jacomb, Mr.

Horseback. . Dockminique, Mr. Scrape, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Tilfon,

And then he withdrew.. Mr. Andrews, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Bond, Mr. Boone, Sir

Ordered, That the fai< 1 Joseph Bealby be discharged, Roger Bradshaigh, Mr. Brookfbank, Mr. Burrell, Mr.

paying the Officers of thi s House their Fees. Colly ear, Mr. Compton, Mr. Corbett, Mr. Cornewall,

Mr. Evelyn, Mr. Eversfield, Mr. Gould, Mr. , Mr.

Grey'* An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Handafyde, Mr. , Mr. Holland, Mr. Hope,

Eflaci. for the more effectual p utting in Execution an Act of Mr. Hughes, Mr. Moor, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Munroe,

Parliament, made and passed in the Twelfth Year of the Lord Palmer/on, Mr. Polhill, Mr. Tremayne, Mr. Tuf-Reign of his late Majesty, King George the First, intituled, nell. Sir Orlando Bridgman, Mr. Waller, Colonel Read;

" An Act for the Sale ol several Estates of Henry Grey, and all the Members, that serve for the County of Surrey:

" Esquire, in the Cou nty of Southampton, and for And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the

Mfettling other Estates, of equal Value in the Counties Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Vol. 21. Mr./

Answer to Addrest.

Address on Answer.

Preservation of Woods in America, &c.

SuppreiSon of Piracy.

Greenwich

Hospital

Duties.

Spittlefeldi

Parish.

Supply Bill; Lind Tax.

272 18°^ — 190 Md. 1728.

Mr. Speaker reported, that the House attended his Tax, to be raiftd in for the Service of the

Majesty Yesterday, with their Resolution and Address, Year One thousand Seven hundred and 1 wenty-mne. of Friday last; to which his Majesty was pleased to give Ordered, That Sir Charles burner do carry the Bi to this most gracious Answer, viz. the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Gentlemen,

I have always had the greatest Regard and Concern for the Commerce and Navigation of my Kingdoms: I am fenlibly affected with the Losses, sustained by my trading Subjects: I have, upon all proper Applications, given the strictest Orders, for procuring just and reasonable Satisfaction; and you may be affined, that I will {till use my best endeavours to answer the Desires and Expectations of my People upon an Affair of so much Importance.

Re/o/ved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, to return the most humble Thanks of this House to his Majesty for this most gracious Answer.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for better Preservation of his Majesty's Woods in America, and for Encouragement of the Importation of naval Stores from thence, and to encourage the importation of Masts, Yards, and Bowsprits, from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and that Mr. Dodington, Mr. Carey, Mr. Ashe, and Sir Orlando Bridgman, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better suppressing of Piracy, and for giving all Prizes, taken from the Enemy, to the Captors.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectual collection in Great Britain and Ireland, and other Parts of his Majesty's Dominions, the Duties granted for the Support of the royal Hospital at Greenwich.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Wm. Yonge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Wm. Yonge reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Thursday Morning next.

Mr. Treasurer reported to the House, that their Ad- AnfW to dress, of Yesterday, to return the most humbleThanks of Addre£i-this House to his Majesty for his most gracious Answer therein mentioned, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty was pleased to receive the said Address very graciously.

A MefTage from the Lords, by Mr. Justice Price, and Mr. Baron Comyns:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords do desire a prefect Conference with this cibraltwand House, in the Painted Chamber, relating to Gibraltar, Mioorta. and the Wand of Minorca.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to meet the Iyjrds at a present Conference, as their Lordships do desire.

And the Messengers were called in again; and Mr.

Speaker acquainted them, that the House had considered their MefTage, and did agree to meet the Lords at a present Conference, as their Lordships desired.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to manage the said Conference.

Ordered, That the Lord Malpas, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir James Campbell, Sir Wm. Yonge, Mr.

Scrope, Mr. DanielPulteney, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Vice-chamberlain, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Stan-, hope, Mr. Whitworth, Sir Robert Clifton, Sir John out, Mr. Hedges, Mr. Dodington, Sir Wm. Strickland,

Mr. Gybbon, Dr. Sayer, Sir Charles Turner, Sir Oxenden, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Keif all, Mr. Clutter buck, and Mr. Robinson, be the said Committee.

Then the Names of the Managers were called over, and they went to the Conference:

And being returned;

The Lord Malpas reported, that the Managers had met the Lords at a Conference, which was managed, on the Part of the Lords, by the Lord President; who acquainted them, that the Lords had desired the said Conference to communicate to this House a Resolution, which the Lords had come to, and is as followed); viz.

Die Mortis, i8# Marlii, 1728.

RES O LVEDby the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and , in Parliament assembled, 'That

they do intirely rely upon his Majesty, that he will, for the maintaining the Honour, and securing the Trade, of this Kingdom, take effectual Care, in the present Treaty, to preserve his undoubted Right to Gibraltar, and the Island of Minorca.

, V

ll

r;

.1:

h

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the Bill for making the Hamlet of Spittlefields, in the Parish of Saint Dunfian's, Stebunkeath, alias Stepney,

in the County of Middlesex, a distinCfc Parish, and for providing a Maintenance for the Minister of such new Parish.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 190 die Anno 2* Georgii 11" Regis, 1728. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-nine, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land

To which Resolution the Londs desired the Concurrence of this House.

The said Report being read;

Resolved, That this House will take the said Rfeport into further Consideration upon Friday next, at Twelve of the Clock.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, that he will be g;racioully pleased to give Directions, that a Copy of the Letter, written by his late Majesty to the King of Spain, in 1721, relating to Gibraltar, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That William Owen, Esquire, have Leave to go into the Country for Five Weeks, upon extra-ordihary Occasions.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Establilliment of Greenwich Hospital.

jo t

Leave of Absence

Greenwich

Hospital.

2 Geo. II. 190 — 20° Martii. 273

Wip Refohed, That this IJoufe will, upon Monday Morn- And also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, a ad Mem. ing next, resolve itl'elf into a Committee of the whole An A<fl for naturalizing James without any

House, to eonfider further of Ways and Means for Amendment:

railing the Supply granted to his Majesty. And also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled,

An Act for naturalizing John Jacob D'tllenius, Bridget

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Pollard, and John Elout, without any Amendment:

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole And also, the Lords have agreed to the Amendments, House, to eonfider further of the Supply granted to his made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Majesty. exemplifying the several Wills and Codicils of James, late

Earl of and John, late Earl of Anglefiey, and for

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow making the same Evidence in all Courts of Law and Morning, Nine of the Clock. Equity in Great Britain and Ireland:'

And also, the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Thomas Cobb with Rachel and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposos therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

S

Jovis, 20° die Martii;

Anno z Georgii II41 Regis, 1728.

P* {Vino's Nat.

Dilfeniu* &c. Nat.

Earl of Anglesey'* Will.

Cobb'*

Divorce.

Prayers.

Uominlcr QIR George Cafwall prefen ted to the House, according tad*, ij to Order,a Bill for repairing the several Roadstherein mentioned, leading into the Town of Leominster, in the County of Hereford; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Arfwrto Mr. Treasurer reported to the House, that their Ad-Addrds. <]refS) of Yesterday, That his Majesty would be gracioufty pleased to give Direction, that a Copy of the Letter, written by his late Majesty to the King of Spain in 1721, relating to Gibraltar, might be laid before this House, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty hyl commanded him to lay a Copy of the said Letter before this House.

And Mr. Treasurer presented to the House, Copy of his late Majesty's Letter to the King of Spain, dated June ift, 1721; with a Translation thereof.

And the Title of the said Translation was read.

Ordered, That the said Letter, and Translation, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

lidifitW, An ingrossed Bill for repairing the Roads leading from fcc.Roads. Cannals Gate to the City of Lichfield, and from the said City to Stone, and from thence to the End of the County of Stafford, in the Post Road towards and also from

the Town of Burton upon Trent to the said City of Lichfield, and from thence to Wand and also from the said City of Lichfield to High Bridges, in the County of Stafford, and the County of the said City of Lichfield, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals; and that the Title be, An Act for repairing the Roads leading from Cannals Gate to the City of Lichfield, and from the said City to Stone, and from thence to the End of the County of Stafford, in the Post Road towards and also from the Town of Burton upon Trent to the said City of Lichfield, and from thence to Wood end, and Ogley-hay, and also from the said City of Lichfield to Bridges, in the County of Stafford, and the County of the said City of Lichfield.

Ordered, That Mr. Leveson Gower do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Tot hill:

Mr. Speaker,

v linidiing The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act IfoiMaod for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, without any Amendment:

KoMjfiakn And also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, G<'; woftoe An Act for making good the Loss, occasioned by a Sum fc? htlKquer. Money being stolen out of his Majesty's Exchequer in the Year One thousand Seven'hundred and Twenty-four, without any Amendment:

Vol. Sir.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, that, in a Cover, Mr. Speaker directed to him, he had received a Letter, directed to this j° °Pcn House; which, being so directed, lie did not presume to et, eri* open, but desired to know the Pleasure of the House, how the same should be disposed of.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker be directed to open the said Letter, and to acquaint the House, Tomorrow Morning* with the Contents, if it contains any thing proper to be communicated to this House.

Ordered, That, for the future, when any Letter, or Pacquet, directed to this House, shall come to Mr.

Speaker, he do open the fame, and acquaint the House, at their next Sitting, with the Contents thereof, if proper to be communicated to this House.

A Petition of Thomas Jufion, Rector of nowin Privilege;

Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, for Breach of Privilege, ^>ep't,°n ^0,n on the Complaint of the Right honourable Richard, Vif- Custody! count Cafilemain, was presented to the House, and read; acknowleging his Offence in the most dutiful Manner; most humbly asking Pardon of the House, and of the said noble Lord; and praying to be discharged from Custody.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Thomas Jufon be brought to the Bar of this House Tomorrow Morning, in order to his being discharged out of Custody.

A Petition of William Hatton, now in Custody of the Ditto, Serjeant at Arms, f >r Breach of Privilege, on the Complaint of the R ight honourable Richard, Viscount Cafilemain, was presented to the House, and read; acknowleging his Offence in the most dutiful Manner; and humbly asking Pardon of the House, and of the noble Lord; and praying to be discharged from Custody.

Ordered, That the said William Hatton be brought to the Bar of this House Tomorrow Morning, in order to his being discharged out of Custody.

A Petition of John Brooks, of Wanfted, now in Custody Ditte. of the Serjeant at Arms, for Breach of Privilege, on the Complaint of the Right honourable Richard, Viscount Cafilemain, was presented to the House, and read; acknow-leginghis Offence in the most dutiful Manner; and humbly asking Pardon of the House, and of the said noble Lord; and praying to be discharged from Custody.

Ordered, That the said John Brooks be brought to the Bar of this House Tomorrow Morning, in order to his being discharged out of Custody.

A Petition of John Elliner, in Newgate, was presented Ditto, to the House, and read; setting forth, that he is ordered by the House into the Custody of the Keeper of Newgate, for being guilty of notorious and scandalous Bribery and Corruption, in order to procure Ellerker Bradshaw, Esquire, to be elected for the Borough of Beverley, in the County of York; for which Offence he is heartily sorry, and humbly begs Pardon of the House: That he is a Grocer and Chandler, and has no body to look after his

3 Z Bufinefe,

Recovery of Small Debts.

Disorders of Footmen in Waiting.

Prevention of Briber)' at Elc&ions.

Turkey

Trade.

Greenwich

Hospital

Duties,

274 200 Martu. d, 1728.

Business.'butTwo Bo-/s, who are very unfit, an<l incapable of taking care thereof; and he mast be a great Sufferer, in the Lots of his Trade, by Means of his Confinement and Abfetice from the same: That he has a Suit pending, and which will be tried at the Afli7.es at York, which end the Twenty-sixth of this instant; and there are

several Writings in his Custody at , to be pro-

duced at the said Tryal, without which he may be non-suited: And therefore praying, that he may bedischarged out of Custody.

Ordered, That the said John be brought to the

Bar of this House Tomorrow Morning, in order to his being discharged out of Custody; and that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants accordingly.

A Petition of the Grand Jury, Justices of the Peace, and Gentlemen, met together at the Affixes, holden at New Sarum, for tire County of Wilts, the Eighth Day of

March, in the Second Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, waspresented to the House, and

read; setting forth, that there is in that Part of the Kingdom a great Number of industrious Manufacturers, and other poor laborious People, who are often intitled to receive irnall Sums of Money from the Persons they deal toritli, and labour for; which just Debts they cannot in many Cafes recover, without considerable Expences, and Costs of Suit, according to the Methods of Law now in Use; whereby they become less able to maintain their Families: And praying the Consideration of the House, and such Remedy, either by giving Jurisdiction to his Majesty's Justices of the Peace to hear and determine the same in a luminary Way, or otherwise, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, and Gentlemen of the Grand Jury, at the general Quarter Sessions of the Peace, holden at Wakefield, in and for the West Riding of the County of York, the Fifteenth Day of January, 1728, and also of the Justices of the Peace, and Gentlemen of the Grand Jury, at an Adjournment of the same Quarter Sessions, holden at Doncaster, in and for the said Riding, the Twenty-

second Day of January aforesaid, is referred j and diat they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to consider of proper Methods for the more effectual preventing the Disorders committed by Footmen, complained of the Seventeenth of March instant, have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. WatkyH Williams Wynne prefen ted to the House (according to Order) a Bill for the more effectual preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament; and the same was received.

Sir Richard Lane reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the incorporate Company of Clothiers in the City of Worcester, and also the Petition of the Weavers, Walkers, and Fullers, of the Clothing Trade, in the City of Worcester, and also the Petition of the Mayor, Justices,

and Grand Jury, of the City and County of the City of Worcester, in general Quarter Session, held by Adjournment, were referred; that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, together wish the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Sir William Tonge (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more effectual collecting in Great Britain and Ireland, and other Parts of his Majesty's Dominions, the Duties,

granted for the Support of the royal Hospital at Greenwich, was committed, the Amendments, the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Oglethorpe, from the Committee, appointed to en- Enquiry inu quire into the State of the Gaols of this Kingdom, made the State of a Report of some Progress, which the Committee had made in their Enquiry into the Stateof th Prison, with the

Resolutions of the Committee thereupon: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the fame, with Two Appendixes, in at the Clerk's Table; where the Report was read, and is as followeth; viz.

The Committee, having, in pursuance of the Order of this House, of the Twenty-fifth Day of February, 1728, to enquire into the State of the Gaols of this Kingdom, adjourned to the Fleet, and at several Times examined into the State of that Prison, have made some Progress therein, which they have thought fit to lay before the House.

The Committee find, that the Fleet Prison is an ancient Prison, and formerly used for the Reception of the Pri-(oners, committed by the Council Table, then called the Court of the Star-chamber, which exercised unlimited Authority, and inflicted heavier Punishments, than by any Law were warranted.

And, as that afliimed Authority was found to be an intolerable Burden to the Subject, and the Means to introduce an arbitrary Powerand Government, all Jurisdiction,

Power, and Authority, belonging unto, or exercised in, the same Court, or by any the Judges, Officers, or Ministers, thereof, were clearly and absolutelydiflblved, taken away, and determined, by an Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the First:

And thereby, the Committee apprehend, all Pretences of the Warden of the Fleet, to take Fees from Archbishops,

Bishops, Temporal Peers, Baronets, and others of lower Degree, or to put them in Irons, or exact Fees, for not doing so, were determined and abolished.

That, after the said Act took place, the Fleet Prison became a Prison for Debtors, and for Contempts of the Courts of Chancery, Exchequer, and Common Pleas, only, and fell under the same Regulations, as other Gaols of this Kingdom.

That by an Act, of the 2 2d and 23d of King C/wr/w the Second, the future Government of all Prisons was vetted in the Lords Chief Justices, the Chief Baron, or any Two of them, for the Time being, and the Justices of the Peace in London, Middlesex, and Surrey, and the Judges for the several Circuits, and the Justices of the Peace for the Time being in their several Precincts; and, pursuant thereunto, several Ordersand Regulations have been made (the last of which is hereunto annexed in the Appendix, marked Letter^) which the prefers Warden of the Fleet hath not regarded, or complied with; but hath exercised an unwarrantable and arbitrary Power, not only in extorting exorbitant Fees, but in oppressing Prisoners for Debt, by loading them with Irons, worse than if the Star-chamber was dill subsisting, and contrary to the great Charter, the Foundation of the Liberty of the Subject, and in Defiance and Contempt thereof, as well as of other good Laws of this Kingdom.

It appears by a Patent, of the Third Year of Queen Elizabeth, recited in Letters Patents bearing Date the Nineteenth of King Charles the Second, that the Fleet Prison was an ancient Prison, called Prisona de la Fleet, alias, the Queen s Gaol of the Fleet; and that certain Constitutions were then established, by Agreement between Richard Tyrrell, Warden, and the Prisoners of the Fleet, and a Table of Fees annexed, in which the Fees to be paid by an Archbishop, Duke, Marquis, Earl, or other Lord Spiritual or Temporal, are particulaly mentioned, and the Fine ascertained, which they are to pay for the Liberty

of

Ox

[ii

0"

U

Is

b

ti

|i

fc

it

X

0e

U

t

a Geo. II. 20° Martti

»75

of the House, and Irons; artd that there Conditiltions and Orders were confirmed by the said Letters Patent of King Charles the Second; which Letters Patent grant the Office of Warden of the Fleet, and of the Keeper of the old Palace at Wesimnfter, the Shops in certain

Tenements adjoining to the and other Rents and

Profits belonging to the Warden, to Sir Jeremy and his Heirs for ever; and the said Sir Jeremy rebuilt the said Prison at his own Expence, as a Consideration for the Grant thereof; but the said Prison, and the Custody of the Prisoners being a Freehold, and falling by Descent, or Purchase, into the Hands of Persons incapable of executing the Office of Warden, was the Occasion of great Abuses, and frequent Complaints to Parliament, till at length the Patent was set aside.

And a Patent for Life was granted to Leigh-

ton, Esquire, in Consideration of his great Pains and Expences in suing the former Patentees to a Forfeiture; and, he soon dying, John Huggins Esquire, by giving 5,000. to the late Lord Claredon, did, by his Interest, obtain a Grant of the said Office for his own and his Son's Life.

That, during the Time the said Huggins possessed the said Office of Warden of the Fleet, Thomas , a Prisoner in that Pril'on, charged with £. 40,000. Debt, the greatest Part thereof to the Crown, escaped, having the Liberty of the Rules by Permission of the said for which Escape Huggins pretends, he hath obtained a Quietus 1 and, since that Time, Joseph Fains, charged with £.10,000. Debt to the Crown, having like Liberty of the Pules, also escaped.

That Thomas Dumay made several Voyages to , whilst a Prisoner in the Fleet, and in Custody of the said Huggins, and there bought Wines, some of which were delivered to the said Huggins; and Dumay drew several Bills, whilst in Frcmce, to the Value of £. 320. on Richard Bishop, one of the Tipstaffs of the said Prison, who paid £. 300. and the said Huggins paid the rest: That by the punctual Payment of the said Bills, Dumay acquired a Credit in France, and drew for a further Sum, and then returned to England; and, when the Bills came for Payment, the said Richard Bishop refused to accept them; and the Merchants upon Dumay' % Return, endeavouring to get the Money of him, who was the Drawer of the Bills, found him a Prisoner in the Rules, and had no Remedy.

The said John Huggins owned to the Committee, that so many Prisoners had escaped, during the Time he was Warden, that it was impossible to enumerate them, he having kept no Lilt of the Persons lb escaped.

He also owned to the Committee, that in his Time Oliver Read made his Escape, when there was a great Funeral, and, whilst the Doors were open, he went off: That afterwards being retaken, he, the said,

sent him to a Spunging-house, kept by Richard Corbett, one of the Tipstaffs belonging to the said Prison; where he was locked up, ironed, and ftapled down, by his Order, though not condemned by any Court of Justice.

That it appeared to the Committee, that in the Year 1725, one Mr. Arne, an Upholder, was carried into a Stable, which stood where the strong Room on the Mailer's Side now is, and was there confined, being a Place of cold Restraint, till he died; and that he was in good State of Health, before he was confined to that Room.

That the said John Huggins growing in Yeats, and willing to retire from Business, and his Son not caring to take upon him so troublesome an Office, he hath for several Years beeen engaged in continual Negotiations about the Disposal of the said Office; and in August last concluded a final Treaty with Thomas Bamb and Dougal Cuthbert, Esquires, and for £. 5,000. to be paid unto him, obliged himself to ItiiTender the said Patent for his and his Son's Life, and procure a new Patent for the said Bambridge and Cuthbert; which the said Huggins did accordingly obtain; and Cuthbert paid in Money, or gave good Security to pay £. 2,500. for one Moiety of the said Office of Warden, and Bambridge gave Land and other Security, which the said Huggins was then content with, for £. 2,500. being for the other Moiety of the said Office,

Vol.21.

That, upon Inspection and Examination On the com- Enquiry into monSideof the Prison, in the Three Wards; called the Upper Chapel, the Lower Chapel, and Julius Cafar's, 0 a* *" Ninety-three Persons were confined, who are obliged to lie on the Floor, if they cannot furnish themselves with Bedding, or pay 1 s. per Week to such Prisoner as is so provided.

That the Lyons Den and Womens Ward, which contain about Eighteen Persons, are very noisome, and in very ill Repair.

That there are several Rooms in the Chapel Stairs, for each of which £.5 a Year is now paid, but did formerly belong to the common Side, and for which nothing was paid, until charged by Mr. Huggins, at 3 a Year each; and on this Floor there are several Persons who are uncertain, what Chamber Rent they shall be obliged to pay, and are at the Mercy of the Warden.

That in some Rooms Persons, who are lick of different Distempers, are obliged to lie together or on the Floor:

One, in particular, had the Small Pox, and Two Women were ordered to lie with her; and they pay 2 10 per

Week each for such Lodging.

That in all the Rooms, except very few, the Furniture is provided by the Prisoners, and those which are furnished by the Warden, are extremely bad.

That there was a Regulation by the Judges in Trinity Term, 1727, by which the Warden ought to furnish all the Rooms, and in such same the Prisoners to pay 2 s. 6d. per Week for each Room so furnished; but now there are several Rooms, in each of which :keie are Two, Three, and Four Beds, and in each Bed Two, and f 'mutinies Three Persons, who pay 2 s. 10 deach per Week lor such Lodging.

That the Walls which secure the Prison, are 25 Foot high, with Pallisadoes on the Top, and in good Repair; and no seeming Possibility for any Prisoner to escape.

That at the End of the Place called the Bare, a Watch-house was built about a Year since, wherein are kept several Mulkcts and Bayonets, as are like wife several others in a Room fronting Fleet Ditch-, whereas formerly only Pikes and Halberts were kept in that Part of the Prison, which is called the Lodge.

That several Men, called Watchmen, and under the Pay of Mr. Bambridge, belong to the Prison, one of which Bambridge ordered to fire upon Captain Mackpkeadris, upon the Dispute, which happened between them; but the Watchman fearing the Consequence, refused to obey him.

That the Windows of the Prison are in very bad Repair, to the great Prejudice of the Health of the Prisoners, though by a late Order of the Judges, they ought to have been kept in good Repair by the Warden.

That there are Three Houses adjoining, and belonging to the Prison, which are kept as Spunging-houses, by Tenants to Mr. Bambridge, as Warden; in one of which, kept by Corbett, 26 Prisoners are confined.

That many of thele Prisoners pay 2 a Day for the Use of a Room in this House, and for Firing 1 s. and the other Prisoners n. a Night for a Bed; but, notwithstanding such Payments, they are obliged to lie Two or more in the same Bed: The Sums paid by these Twenty-six Prisoners, Two at 2 s. per Day, and Twenty-four at 1 s. for the Use of the Lodgings only, being in, the Whole £, 1.8r. amount yearly to £511. besides the Money paid for Firing, at 1 s. a Day, by such as have any, and 1 s. a Day for their Board.

Some of these Prisoners, not being able to pay the is. a Day for eating, procured Necessaries to drels their own Meat; but Corbett, the Tipilaff, would not suffer them so to do, and they are under the Necessity of being supplied by their Friends, or starve.

That Lieutenant Jenkin Leyfon, now a Prisoner with Corbett, paid the following Fees, upon his being taken

into Custody, for one Action; viz.

To

3

2j6

io° Martiu

A. 1728*

Enquiry into To the Judge's Clerk

the flat* To the Filazar -

of Gaol*. To the Warden of the Fleet

To Corbett, the Tipstaff To D° for being taken into Custody To the Turnkeys -

Total -

£ s. d.

- I 2 8

2 4 — 6 8

- — 10 6

- I 10 —

- — 2 6

i C-s 16 4

It also appeared upon the Examination of several other Prisoners, that they paid the like Fees for every single Caption j and.

That every Prisoner, removed by Habeas Corpus from one Place to another, pays to the Tipstaff 4 2 every

one brought out of the Country by and

committed in Court for want of Bail, pays 135. 4 and every Prisoner carried to by Habeas

Corpus, in order to be charged in Execution, pays 10/.

That every Prisoner pays at his Entrance into the House of the Tipstaff, 6 s. towards a Bowl of Punch.

That Thomas Hogg, who had been about Three Years a Prisoner in the FleetPrifun, and was then discharged by OrderofCourt, about Eight Monthsaftev such Discharge, passing by the Door of that Prison, flopped to give Charity to the Prisoners at the Grate, and being teen by James Barnes, one of the said Bambridgs Agents, and Accomplices, she said Barnes seized, and forced him into Corbett's, Spunging-house, where he hath been detained ever since, now upwards of Nine Months, without any Cause, or legal Authority whatsoever.

That Corbclt being examined touching the Discharge of his Prisoners, owned, he never made any regular Entry; and that all the original Discharges of Prisoners, com-' nutted to his Custody since Mr. s Time, were

not received by him from the Warden, but left with the Turnkey, from whom he only received verbal Directions.

The Committee could not get from Mr. or

his Officers, any List of such Prisoners, as have the Liberty of the Rules and Precincts of the Prison; but the Committee obtained, by another Hand, a List of Three hundred and Eighty-two Perl'ons, with an Account of what each Person hath paid to the Warden for such Liberty, and the annual Gifts every amounting

to near £. 2,828. r 7 s.4 d.And it appeared to the Committee, that the Prisoners for the greatest Debts have not signed the Book: That the Gratuity to the Warden, for the Liberty of the Rules, is exacted in Proportion to the Greatness of the Debt, and, if all paid, that Account would be Three times the before-mentioned Sum: These Sums, fb paid, appear to be very extraordinary Exactions from the Prisoners, and are the more unreasonable, because all Prisoners, who have the Liberty of the Rules, enter into Bonds, in very great Penalties, with sufficient Sureties for not escaping, the lead of which Penalties are always double the Sums they (land committed for.

Mr. Cotton, Clerk of the Papers, upon his Examination concerning the Money taken by him for Day Rules, granted to Prisoners, con felled. that every Prisoner, who has the Liberty to go abroad in Term Time, pays 5 for each Day, and for the first and last Days of the Term 6 s. which, he said, is divided in the following Manner;

viz.

To the Four Judges 3 d. each To the Secondary To the Warden To the Clerk of the Papers

s.

1 — I 8

1 —

10

- 1

a

More to the Clerk of the Papers the first and") ___ last Day of the Term - - - - j

6

6

Total - - 6 —

And that in about Two Years Time one Gentleman paid £. 30. for obtaining Day Rules.

That an Act having passed in the Sixth Year of the late King, for the Relief of insolvent Debtors, Mr. Fytche did thereupon declare, in the Name of the said Mr. Huggins who had directed him so to do, that unless every Prisoner within the Rules would give him Two Guineas, they should not be lifted, in order to be discharged, in pur-luance of that A<f!; for that he, the said Huggins, would refui'e to (wear them his Prisoners, as that Act required, and would not suffer his Deputy to do it; but a List was delivered of about Twenty Prisoners then in the Rules, who were discharged, having given Two Guineas each to Huggins, for inferring them in the Lift, and for swearing them to be his Prisoners; and Three hundred Prisoners were carried up to Guild-halt, in order to their Discharge, but some were refuted to be lifted, and loft the Benefit of the Act, because they had not Money enough to pay for being put into the Lift.

That Mr. Huggins being examined touching an Instrument, signed by him in November, 1724, appointing Richard Corbett one of the Five Tipstaffs of, or belonging to the Fleet Prison, acknowledged, that he had no Power, by virtue of any Patent from the Crown, to constitute such Tipstaff; but that, when he came to his Office, he found, that such an Officer had been so constituted, and he took that for a Precedent to do the fame.

That there are Five Commitment Books, wherein the Names of all Prisoners, committed to the Prison, are,

or ought to be entered: The Commencement of the Date of the first Book is the 26th of March, 1708, and the last the 6th of May, 1728, to this Time.

There is one Book, wherein the Names are inserted of those Prisoners, who are removed to the Fleet by Habeas' Corpus, beginning in Michaelmas Term, 1727, to this Time.

There is one Declaration Book, wherein the Names of those Creditors are inserted, who declare against their Debtors, beginning the 23d of , 1728, to this

Time.

There is one Lodge Book, wherein the Prisoners Names are entered, when they come into the Prison, beginning November, 1728.

There is one Security Bond Book, without Date.

That he, the said Mr. Huggins, on , Sunday,

and Monday the First, Second, and Third of March, r 728, since the Committee was appointed, did exonerate, or discharge out of the Commitment Books, One hundred and Nineteen Persons, for several Sums, amounting to about £. 17,099. 6j. 7 d.

He owned, that he has in his Custody Fifty-two Discharges more, which ought to have been long since discharged, and amount to very great Surm of Money.

That by the Dates in the Lilt, which Mr. Huggins delivered to the Committee, of One hundred and Nineteen Persons lb discharged, and the Fifty-two to be discharged, it appeared, that many of them ought to have been discharged in the Years, 1718, 1719, 1720, and so on to this Time.

That there are Two Escape Warrants, one of which the Judge grants, the other the Warden; that, which the Judge grants, carried the Prisoner to , there to

remain during Life, unless the Debt be paid; and that,' which the Warden grants, is on some Information, or Pretence, that the Prisoner is out of the Rules, and so remands him to the Prison.

One ill Use, which is made of keeping the Prisoners so long on the Commitment Book, is, that the Warden may, at his Pleasure, issue his Escape Warrant against any such Person, continued on the Commitment Book, and carry him to the Spunging-house, or to the Prison, and there detain him, until he squeezes from him all the Money, that can possibly be got.

Another ill Use and Inconveniency is, that Persons, who have been Seven Years, or more, out of the Rules, or out of the Prison, their Names remaining in the Commitment Book, return, after having contrafted new Debts, and so become Prisoners again fraudulently, to obtain the Benefit of the usual Acts for Relief of insolvent Debtors.

That

t

P

C:

fi

1

ft

if

k

i!

k

0

c

a

V

2 Geo. If. 2ob

That the Date of the Habeas Corpus Book being but whence lie, by Prefects to redeemed himself, Ehnc,"|^ein

in Michaelmas Term, 1727, the Date of the Declaration and, giving Security, obtained the Liberty of the Rules; Q*0*te 0 Book the 23d of January, 1728, and the Date of the notwithstanding which, he had frequently Presents, as Lodge Book November, in 1728, the Committee con- they are called, exacted from him by Bambridge ± and &as ceive, from such late Dates, that there must be a menaced, on Refusal, to be sent back to Corbett's again.

Concealment of former Books of that Kind, or that they The laid having thus unlawfully extorted

are destroyed; either of which must tend to the great large Sums of Money from him in a very short Time,

Prejudice of the Prisoners, and the Creditors, and to Castell grew weary of being made such a wretched Pro-the suppressing the Truth in this Enquiry. perty, and resolving not to injure farther his Family, or

That, since the said ‘Thomas Bambridge has acted as his Creditors, for the Sake of so small a Liberty, he Warden, the Books, belonging to the Office of the War- refused to submit to further Exactions; upon which the den, have been very negligently kept, and the DischargeS said Bambridge ordered him to be re-committed to Corrects. duly entered, to the great Prejudice of many of his bell's, where the Small-Pox then raged, though Cajletl Majesty's Subjects; and he hath not regularly taken acquainted him with his not having had that Distempet,

Charge of the Prisoners, committed to his Care by his and that he dreaded itfo much, that the putting him into latent, and hath not, as he himself confesseth, ever had a House, where it was, would occasion his Death* which, any authentick Lift of the Prisoners in the Rules deli- if it happened, before he could settle his Affairs, would vered him; so he cannot have executed the Trust of be a great Prejudice to his Creditors, and would expose keeping his Prisoners in safe Custody, when he did not his Family to Deft ruction; and therefore he earnestly know who, or where, they were. desired, that he might either be sent to another House,

The Committee find, that the said Thomas Bambridge, or even into the Gaol itself, as a Favour: The melan-who for some Years acted as Deputy-warden of the Fleet, choly same of this poor Gentleman moved the very and is now actually Warden of that Prison, hath himself Agents of the said Bambridge to Companion, so that they been aiding and assisting in an Escape: That he caused a also used their utmost Endeavours to dissuade him froni private Door to be made through the Walls of the Prison, fending this unhappy Prisoner to that infected House; out of the Yard, where the Dogs are, the Key of which but Bambridge forced him thither, where he (as he feared Door was kept by himself} and he with his own Hands he should) caught the Small Pox, and in a few Days died opened the Door, and let out Boyce the Smugler, charged thereof, justly charging the said Bambridge with his at the King's Suit with upwards of £. 30,000, and was Death, and unhappily leaving all his Affairs in the greatest afterwards l'een at ljlington, and hath been several times Confusion, and a numerous Family of small Children in let out of the Prison by Bambridge. the utmost Distress.

That William Kilberry was allowed by Bambridge to go It appeared to the Committee, that the letting out of out of the Prison, and the Rules thereof, though charged the Fleet Tenements to Victuallers, for the Reception of at the Suit of the Crown with the Sum of £.5,820. Prisoners, hath been but of late practised; and that the That William Booth, charged with £.5,820. at the Suit first of them, let for this Purpose, was to Mary -of the Crown, though committed close Prisoner, was also wood, who still continues Tenant of the fame; and that /offered to go out of the Prison, and the Rules thereof. her Rent has, from £.32. per , been increased to That Wm. Taylure, committed by the Court of Com- £ 60. and acertain Number of Prisoners stipulated to be mon Pleas for £.740. upon mesne Process, and charged made a Prey of, to enable her to pay so great a Rent; with Forgery, hath been suffered to go out of the Fleet and that Ihe, to procure the Benefit of having such a Prison to Wem, in the County of Salop, where, the Number of Prisoners sent to her House, hath, over and Committee are informed, he still remains. above the increased Rent, been obliged to make a Prefenl

That the said James Barnes, though a Prisoner in the to the said Bambridge of Forty Guineas, as also of a Toy Fleet Prison upon Execution, hath been permitted, (as 'tis called) being the Model of a Chinese Ship, made during this Enquiry, to come from thence to Westminf.tr, of Amber, set in Silver, for which Fourscore broad to the said Bambridge, when in Custody of the Messenger Pieces had been offered her.

to the Serjeant at Arms attending this House. This is the first Method of extorting Money from the

The Committee find, that the said Bambridge hath, by unhappy Prisoners; and, when they can no longer bear himself, and his Agents, often refused to admit Prisoners the Misery and Expence of a Spunging-house, before into the Prison, though committed by due Course of they can obtain the Privilege of being admitted into the Law; and, in order to extort Money from them, hath Prison, they are obliged to comply with such Exorbitant often, contrary to an Act of the Twenty-second and Fees, as the said Bambridge thinks fit to demand j which Twenty-third of King Charles the Second, without their if they do not, they are fore, under various Pretences, of free and voluntary Consent, caused them to be carried being turned down to the Common Side, if not put in away from the Prison Gate unto a publick Victualling or Irons, and Dungeons; and this has been done to those. Drinking House, commonly called a Spunging-house, be- who were willing, and offered, to pay the Fees, established longing to him the said Bambridge, as Warden, and rented by the Regulation, made by the Judges of the Common of him by Corbett, his Tipstaff, and hath there kept them Pleas in Trinity Term, 1727, which ought to have been at exorbitant Charges, and forced them to call for more hung up in some publick Place in the Prison, to which Liquor, than they were inclined to, and to spend more the Prisoners might have free Access, but was secreted than they were able to afford, to the defrauding their by the said James BarntSi pursuant to the Orders of the Creditors, and the distressing of their Families, whole said which Table of, Fees seems tobeunrea-

Substancethey are compelled there to consume j and, for sonable, because it obliges Men, who are committed for the more effectual making them stretch their poor Re- not being able to pay their Debts, to pay such Sums of mains of Credit, and to squeeze out of them the Charity Money, as their Circumstances render them altogether of their Friends, each Prisoner is better or worse treated, unable to comply with.

according to his Expences, some being allowed a hand- And this Table of Fees was fraudulently obtained by some Room and Bed to themselves, some stowed in Gar- the said Bambridge j for it appeared to the Committee,' rets, Three in One Bed, and some put in Irons. that, upon Complaint of the Prisoners of the Fleet to the

That these Houses were further used by the said Bam- Court of Common Pleas, the Order, made by Lord bridge as a Terror for extorting Money from the Pri- Chief establishing.'the Ffees of that Gaol,

foners, who, on Security given, have the Liberty of the was ordered to be read; which Order was founded upon Rules; of which Mr. Robert Cajlell was an unhappy In- Institutions, made in the Tear 1651,in which was a fiance; a Man born to a competent Estate; but beiDg Table of Fees; two Items whereof being taken 4wriy, unfortunately plunged in Debt, was thrown into Prison: the rest remained, as follows 1

He was first sent, according to Custom, to Corbett's-,from '

Vol. 21. 4 A To

278

2G° Martii.

A. x'i'1 %

fen^uiry into the State of Gaols,

To the Warden, for the Liberty of his House and Irons -

For the Dismission Fee To the Clerk, for making the Obligation For entering the Name, and Cause To the Chamberlain -

To the Gaoler -To the Porter -

To a Gallon of Wine -And a Fee, added by Order of Court, to the Chaplain

I- s.

- t

6

7

8

4

4

4

— 1 8

- — 2

Total --£.244

And the said Bambridge read the said Order, and, instead of reading the particular Items, he read only the said Sum total of £. 2. 4J. 4 and thereby he induced the Judges to believe, that the said Sum was the Fee due to the Warden; and accordingly they ordered that £.2. 4 s.4 d.to be paid, as due to the Warden For a Commitment Fee, and ordered the other Fees, due to the Chamberlain, Gaoler, and others, to be paid, over and above the said £. 2. 4 s.4 and the same have been ever since taken, besides the 7 4 to the Warden, upon

the Prisoner's Discharge, notwithstanding the y are all included in the £ 2. 4*. 4 d

The said Judges of the Common Pleas fee tiling to be of Opinion, that every Action, to which a Prisoner -was rendered in Discharge of his Bail, was a separate Commitment, and that there was a separateComnntment Fee due upon each Action, the said Cambridge hats thereupon received Six or Seven times £. % . 4J. 4 of a single Person, as his bare Commitment Fees; whereby tire jMfoner has paid S:x times for the Liberty of the House and Irons, Six DismissionFees, forSixObligations(though none given) Six Fees to the Chamberlain, Porter, Gaoler, idc. and Six Gallons of Wine; and the Prisoner pays the Chamberlain, Gaoler, idc.for his Discharge besides.

The said Bambridge likewise takes a Fee of £. 3. -6 s. ftd.

from every Prisoner, committed by the Exchequer, or Chancery; whereas there is no fudi Fee due, nor any Distinction*in die Table of Fees between th^ Commitment of one Court, or another.

And for a more particular Account of the Fees, Chamber Rents, and Dues to the CJiaplain, the Committee refer to the annexed Appendix, marked with the Letter B.

And, notwithstanding the Payment of such ‘large Fee$, in order to extort further Sums from the unfortunate Prisoners, the said Bambridge unjustly pretends, he has a Bight, as Warden, to exerc'rfe an unlimited Power of changing Prisoners from Room to Boom, -of turning them into the common Side, though they have paid the Matter's Side Fee, and inflicting arbitrary Pumthments, by locking them down in unWholcfome Dungeons, and loading them with torturing Irotis; fottie Instances of which follow; viz*

Jacob Mendez Solas, a Portvjgueft, was as far as it appeared to the Committee, one of the first Prisoners for Debt, that ever was loaded with Irons at the FA The said Bambridge one Day called him into the'Gate-house of the Prison, called the Lodge; where‘he caused hint to be seized, fettered, and carried to s, the Spunging-

house, and there kept for upwards of a Week; and, when brought back into the Prison, Bambridge caused him to be turned into the Dungeon, called 7he Strong Rotfw, of the Matter's Side.

This Place is a Vaiitt, like those in which the Dead are interred, and wherein the Bodies of Persons dying in the said Prison, are usually deposited, till the Coroner's Inquest hath patted upon them: it hasno-Chimney, nor Fire-place, nor any Light, but what comes over the Door, or through a Hole of about [Eight] Inches square: It is neither paved, nor-boarded, and the rough Brides appear both on the Sides, and Top, being neither wainfeotted.

nor plaittered: What adds to the Dampnds and Stench of the Place, is, its being built over the common Shear, and adjoining to the Sink and Dunghill, where all the Nastiness of the Pris in is cast. In this miserable Place the poor Wretch was kept by the said Bambridge manacled, and shackled, for near Two Months. At length, on receiving Five Guineas from Mr. , a Friend of Solas's, Bambridge released the Prisoner from his cruel Confinement; but, though his Chains were taken off, his Terror dill remained; and the unhappy Man was prevailed upon by that Terror, not only to labour gratis for the said Bambridge, but to swear also, at random, all

that he hath required of him: And this Committee themselves saw an Instance of the deep Impression his Sufferings had made upon him; for, on his furmifing, from something said, that Bambridge was to return again as Warden of the Fleet, he fainted, and the Blood started out of his Mouth and 'Nose.

Captain John Mackpheadris, who was bred a Merchant, is another melancholy Instance of the cruel Vie the said Bambridge hath made of his affirmed Authority. Mackpheadris was a considerable Trader, and in a very flourifiling Condition, until the Year 1720, when, being bound for large Sums to the Crown for a Person, afterwards ruined by the Misfortunes of that Year, he was undone. In Jane, 1727, he was Prisoner in the Fleet-, and, although

he had before paid his Commitment Fee, the like Fee was extorted from him a Second time; and he having fiir-niflied Room, Bam bridge demanded an extravagant Price for it, which he refused to pay; and urged, that it was unlawful for the Warden-to demand extravagant Rents, -and offered to pay what was legally due: notwithstanding winch, the said Bambridge, affi-sted by the said Jam A Barnes, and bther Accomplices, broke open his lloom, and took away several Things of great Value, amongst others, the King's Extent in Aid of the Prisoner (which was to have been returned in a few Day's, in order to pro-cutethe Debt to the Crown, and the Prisoner's Enlargement) which Bambridge ft ill detains: Not content with

this, Bambridge locked the Prisoner out of his Room, and forced him to He in the open Yard, called The Bare. He fat quietly under his Wrongs, and, getting some poor Materials, built a little Hut, to p rot eft himself, as well as Jie could, from the Injuries of the Weather. The said Bambridge, feeingbt« Unconcernedness, said, " Damn him, " he is ealy !' I will put him into the Strong Room before " Tomorrow ;v and ordered Barnes to pull down his little Hut.: Which was done accordingly. The poor Prisoner, being in an ill State of Health, and the Night rainy, was put to great Distress. Some time after this he was, about Eleven a Clock at -Night, attaulted by bridge, with several other Persons, his Accomplices, in a violent Manner; and Bambridge, though die Prisoner was unarmed, attacked him with his Sword, but by good Fortune was prevented from killing him; and several other Prisoners coming out, upon the Noise, they earned Mackpheadris, forSafety, into another Gentleman's Room: Soon after which; Bambridge, coming with one Savage, and several others, broke open the Door; and Bambridge strove with his Sword.to kill the Prisoner; but he again got away, and hid himself in another Room. Next Morning the said Bambridge entered the Prison with a Detachment of Soldiers, and ordered the Prisoner to be dragged to the Lodge, and ironed with gre-.it Irons: On which he desiring to know, for what Cause, and by what Authority, he was to be so cruelly used, Bambridge replied. It-was by his own Authority; and, damn him, he would do it, and have his Life! The Prisoner desired, he might be carried before a Magistrate, that he might know his Crime, before he was punished; but Bambridge refuted; and put Irons upon his Legs, which were too little, fothat, in forcing them on, his Legs were like to have been broken, and the Torture was impossible to be 'endured; lUponwhich the Prisoner complaining of the gricvous'Pain, and Straitness of the Irons, Bambridge answered. That he

did

16

4

-J

etsi

;ir|!0i

Jvj-

ifcf

ijjsr.

ife:

if-

£»V

Je,*'

am

Wit

n&jl

dfc

;*Pn

M:.

;W',.

X:

:S.:

-..riiii

-:.n

"l5-

-a

hit

iL

M,

'-D

:'bi

' % 'k

'is.

Vstl

‘'M

'-'ll

-4

Tol

Aai

A

;t-4

-b

ii

u.f

2 Geo. II. 20° Marta. 279

did it on purpose to torture him: On which the Prisoner the most brave 'and desperate Occasions, must be most Enquiry into replying, that by the Law of England no man ought to ' (hocking and intolerable; yet Captain Sinclair bore it the State be tortured; Bambridge declared, That he would do it with Patience, refuling only to go out of his Room, unlefe of Gaols,

first, and answer for it afterwards; and caused him to be he was forced: Whereupon the said Bambridge threatened dragged away to the Dungeon; where he lay without a to run his Cane down his Throat, and ordered his Guard Bed, loaded with Irons, so close riveted, that they kept to stab him with their Bayonets, or drag him down to him in continual Torture, and mortified his Legs. After the said Dungeon, called The.Strong Room; the latter of long Application his Irons were changed, and a Surgeon which they did; and Bambridge kept him confined in directed to dress his Legs 4but his iLameness is not, nor that damp and loathsome Place, till he had loft the Use ever can be, cured. He was kept in this mifetable Con- of his Limbs, and Memory, neither of which has he dition for Three Weeks, by which his Sight is greatly perfectly recovered to this Day. , Many aggravating prejudiced, and in danger of being loft. Cruelties were used, to make his Confinement more

The Prisoner, upon this Usage, petitioned the Judges; terrible; and, when Bambridge found, he was in danger and, after several Meetings, and a full Hearing, the of immediate Death, he removed him, for fear of his Judges reprimanded Mr. Huggitu and Bambridge, and dying inDurefk, and caused him to be carried, in a dying declared, That a Gaoler could not answer the ironing of Condition, from that Dungeon to a Room, where a Man, before he was found guilty of a Crime; but, it there was no Bed, or Furniture; and so unmercifully being out of Term, they could not give the Prisoner prevented his Friends having any Access to him, that he any Relief, or Satisfaction. was Four Days without the least Sustenance.

Notwithstanding this Opinion of the Judges, the said It ^pe^red to the Committee, by the Evidence of a Bambridge continued to keep the Prisoner in Irons, till he Surgeon, and others, who were Prisoners in the House, had paid him Six Guineas; and, to prevent the Prisoner's that, when Captain was forced into that loathsome

recovering Damages for the cruel Treatment of him, Dungeon, he was in perfect Health.

Bambridge indicted him, and his principal Witnesses, at Captain Sinclair applied for Remedy at Law against the Old Bailey, before they knew any thing of the Matter; the said Cruelties of Bambridge, and had procured a and, to support that Indictment, he had Recourse so Habeas for his Witnesses to be brought before the

Subornation, and turned Two of his Servants out of SefiSoasof Oyer and Terminer; when the said Bambridge,

Races, which they had bought, because they would not by Colour of his assumed Authority, as Warden, took

swearfalfdy, that the Prisoner had struck the fetid Bam- the said Writs of Habeas Corpus from the Officer, whose

bridge; which Words he had inserted in Affidavits, ready Duty it was to make a Return of them, and commanded

prepared for signing, and which they knew to be false. him tp keep out of the way, whilst he himself went to the

Asfoon as they were apprised of it, they applied to Che Old B, and immediately indicted Captain f

Lord Mayor, who ordered the Grand Jury down to the a&d fetch of his Witnesses, as he knew he could not

Fleet; where they found, that Bambridge was the Ag- deter, by Threats, or prevail with by Promises, to gQ

erriTor; but the Bill against the Prisoners being already from the Truth.

found, the second Enquiry was too late. - - Captain Sinclair had Temper enough to bear patiently

The Prisoners, being no longer able to bear the Charges almost insupportable injuries, and to reserve himself for of Prosecution, which had already cost £. 100. and being a proper Occasion, when Justice ftioukl be done him by softened by Promises, and terrified by Threats, submitted the Laws of the Realm.

to plead guilty, on a solemn Assurance, and Agreement, But the iaid Bambridge has forced others, by Wrong? made with Bambridge before Witnesses, of having but and Injuries beyond human bearing, to endeavour the One Shilling Fine laid upon them; but, so foooo as they avenging Injuries and Oppressions, which they could n® had pleaded guilty, Bambridge took Advantage of it, and fongpr endure,

has continued, harraffing them, and their Securities, ever And it appeared to the Committee, that the faicj since. Bambridge, in order to avoid the Punishment due to The desire of Gain urged the said Bambridge to the thpfe Crimes, hath committed greater; and hath not preceding Instances of Crueltybut a more diabolical only denied Admittance to the Solicitors, who might Passion, that of Malice, animated him tooppreft Captain procure Julfjce to the injured Prisoners, and, in open David Sinclair in the following Manner: - - Defiance to the Law, disobeyed the King's Writs# but

At the latter End of June, or Beginning of Julylaft, hath also seduced some, by indulging them in Riot, and the said Bambridge declared to the said James Barnes, one terrified others with Fear of Duress, to swear to, and of the Agents of his Cruelties, that he would have Sin* subscribe fujeh false Affidavits, as he thought fit to prepare clair's Blood; and he took the Opportunity of the tkft for them on, several Occasions; in all which Wrongs Feftival Day, which was on the Firit of jfugu/ff(dioaang, and Oppressions also acted as one of the

when, he thought, Captain Sinclair might, by celebrating said Bambridge's wicked Accomplices, the Memory of the late King, be wanned with Liquor ‘ . That the said Bambridge, being a(ked by the Com?

so far, as to give him some Excuse for the Cruelties, mittee/by what Authority he pretended to put Prisoners which he intended to inflid upon him: But in Tome into Dungeons, and Irons; answered, that he did it by Measure he was disappointed; for Captain Sinclair 'was his own Authority, as Warden, to preserve the Quiet perfectly sober, when the said Bambridge ruthed into his and Safety of the Custody of the Prison.

Room, with a dirk Linthorii in his Hand, assisted by his But it appeared to the Committee, by the Exami-Accomplices, James B'dmei and William Pindar, and nations of many Witnesses, that before the Time, when supported by his usual Guard# armed with Muflcets and Gybbon and the said Bambridge acted as Deputy-wardens Bayonets, and, without any Provocation given, run his under Mr. Huggins, the Quiet and Safety of the Custody Lanthorn into Captain Sinclair'sFace, seized him by the were very well preserved, without any Use of Irons, or Collar, and told him, he must come along with him. Dungeons t

Captain Sinclair, though surprised, aikttd, For what, and That the Two Dungeons, called. The Strong Boom by what Authority, he so treated him: Upon Which on the Mailer Side, and The Strong Room on the common- '

Barnes, and the rest,- seized Captain Sinclair % who stili Side, Were both built within these few Years; and that

desiring to know, by what Authority they so abused him, the old Method of punishing drunken and disorderly

Bambridge grofly insulted him, and struck him with his Persons was, putting them in the Stocks; and the Punish-

Cane on the Head and Shoulders, whilst he was held fast roent of those, who bad escaped, or attempted to escape,

by Pindar and Barnes. Such base and scandalous Usage was putting them upon aTubat the Gateof the Prison,

of this Gentleman, who had in the late Wars always by way of publick Shame, or securing them, without

(ignalized himself with the greatest Courage, Gallantry, Irons, in their proper Rooms for some Days:

and Honour, in the Service of his Country, upon many And, that the said Dungeons were, built in Defiance of,

Vol. 21. and

fenquiry Into the State of'Uarol*.

X

s8o

£6° Martii.

A. 17^8*

ar.d porttr&iy to, the Declaration of the Lord King, when Crown in great Sums of Money, as well as Debtors to Lord Chief Justice of the Common Pleas; who, upon divers of his Majesty's Subjects, to escape, hath been in Application made to him on behalf of the Prisoners guilty of the most notorious Breaches of his Trust, great

of the Fleet, when Mr. Huggins and # Gybbon urged, that there was Danger of Prisoners escaping, declared, that they might raise their Walls higher, but that there should be no Prison within a Prison.

That, upon the strictest Enquiry, the Committee could not find, that any Prisoners in the Fleet for Debt had been put in Irons, before the said Mr. Huggins had the Office of Warden.

That it is not the only Deflgn of the said Bambridge to extort Money from his Prisoners, if they survive his inhuman Treatment, but he seems to have a

Extortions, and the highest Crimes and Misdemeanors, in the Execution of his said Office, and hath arbitrarily and unlawfully loaded with Irons, put into Dungeons, and defttoyed, Pnfohers for Debt under his Charge, treating them in the motft. barbarous and cruel Manner, in high Violation and Contempt of the Laws Of this Kingdom.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That John Huggins, Esquire, late Warden of the Prison of the

Fleet, did, during the Time of his Wardenftrip, wilfully permit many considerable Debtors in his Custody to escape, and was notoriously guilty of great Breaches of further View, in case it causes Death, of possessing himself his Trust, Extortions, Cruelties, and other high Crimes of their Effects; one remarkable Proof of which the and Misdemennors, in the Execution of his said Office, to Committee think prdper here to insert; viz. the great Oppression and Ruin, of many of the Subjects

Mr. John Holder, a Spanish Merchant, was a Prisoner of this Kingdom

in the Fleet, and had a Room, which he fitted up with his own Furniture, and had with him all his Books, Accounts, and Writings, and other F.ffeCb, to the Value of about £. 30,000. which he declared by Affidavit upon the following Occasion:

The; laid ‘Thomas Bambridge by Force turned the said Mr. Holder over to the common Side, and took Pofltffion of his Room, in which all his Effects were.

Mr. Holder remonstrated strongly against this Ufige,

Appendix, A.

Serjeants Inn Hall, Trinity Term, 1727.

The.Table of Fees, ordered by the Judges to be paid by the Prisoners of the Fleet to the Warden, and his Agents, and to be hung up in the Hall of the said Prison.

Whereas several Matters, in Controversy between the Prisoners and the Warden of the Fleet, were heard by the Right honourable Sir Robert Eyre, Knight, Lord

and Bambridge refuting to restore him to his Room, or Chiet Justice of his Majesty's Court of Common Pleas Possession of his Effects, he made a proper Affidavit, in a* , the honourable Robert , Esquire,

order to apply to the Judges for Relief; and declared, Sir Page, Knight, and Alexander De«/ow, Esquire,

that he feared, his Effecte might be embezzled, whilst he Justices of the said Court, at Serjeants Hall in was thus unjustly forced from them, and that he feared, on Monday, the 24th Day of April, on Wednesday,

Bambridge' % cruel Treatment of him would be the Cause the 26th Day of the same Month of on

of his Death. The Miseriesof the common Side, which the First Day of May following, and on Friday, the 5th lie dreaded, had such an Effect upon him, being a Man Uay of the same Month of May, in Easter Term, in the of an advanced Age, and accustomed to live inEafeand J3d* Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord King Plenty, that it threw him into such a Fit of Sickness, as George, Annoque Domini 1727 oponwhich Hearing the Lord Chief Justice of following Resolutions;

the said Court came to the

viz.

L

That there is due, and ought to be paid, to the Warden of the Fleet, for every Commitment Fee, exclusive of Commons, from all Persons of the Degree of an Esquire, Gentleman, or Gentlewoman, or any other Person under.those Degtecs, who shall enter on the Matters Side of the said Prison, £. 2. 4 4

And that there ought to be paid to the Warden, for every such Person, for the Use of the Minister of the said Prison, 2

That there is due, and ought to be paid, to the Warden of the Fleet, for a Commitment Fee, for every Prisoner in Wards, or

made his Life despaired of; and in his Illness he often declared, that the Villain Bambridge would be the Oc-tafion of his Death: Which proved true; foT Bambridge finding, Mr.. Holder likely to die in the Duress, which he had put him into, for his own Sake, to avoid the Punishment, inflicted by Law upon Gaolers, who so inhumanly destroy their Prisoners, permitted him to be carried back to his Room, where in a few Days he died of the said Sickness, contracted by the said forcible Removal of him to the common Side by Bambridge, as aforesaid.

Mr. Holder by his last Will appointed Major Wilson and Mr. John Pigott Trustees for his Son, a Youth of about 13 Years of Age, who had accompanied him in the Time of his Confinement.

This young Gentleman, after his Father's Death, locked up his Effects in several Trunks and Boxes, and

delivered the Keys thereof to Mr. Pigott, as his Trustee; common Side, not taking Part of the Poor's who locked up the Room, and took the Key with him; Box, :i.

but the said Thomas Bambridge caused the said Room to And every such Person ought to pay the be broke open by Thomas King, another of his Accom- Warden, for the Use of the Minister of the plices, and caused the said Effects to be seized, after &id Prison, is.

that he (Bambridge) had forced Mr. Pigott out of the And every Prisoner, taking Part of the Prison, though a Prisoner in Execution, and locked down Poor's Box, ought to pay to the Warden Major IVHJon, the other Trustee, in the Dungeon, to prevent their taking any Inventory in behalf of the Heir at Law, then an Orphan.

These evil Practices of letting out Prisoners, extorting exorbitant Fees, suffering Escapes, and exercising all Sorts of Inhumanity, for Gain, may in a great measure be imputed to the Venality of the Warden's Office; for the Warden, who buys the Privilege of punishing others, does consequently fell his Forbearance at high Rates, and repair his own Charge, and Loss, at the wretched Expence of the Ease and Quiet of the miserable Objects in his Custody.

Upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to the following Resolutions; viz.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That Thomas Bambridge, the acting Warden of the Prison of Regard to the Number of Causes, wherewith

the Fleet, hath wilfully permitted several Debtors to the he stands charged, 7 6 and no more

s.

d.

1

ir

H

iw:

lx

Ik:

ft

isu at I say into

7 s. 4 d.and no more,.for his Commitment

Fee, and nothing for the Minister

That there is d\ie, and, ought to be paid, to the Warden of the Fleet, for every Render in each Cause, £. z. 4 s.4 and nothing to the Minister - -

That there is due, and ought to be paid, to the Chamberlain, as his Fee, for every Prisoner's Entrance into the House, I s. and no more

That there is due, and ought to be paid, to the Warden, for every Prisoner's Discharge, either by Creditor, or Supersedeas, as a Fee for his Dismission out of Prison, without any

4 4 Wj

m

Ik

- L H

di "'a

1 6 4 r n i

— 1 — ha h* 'im

fs,

— 7 it* f‘»]

i(J

k

2 4 4 d

1 a

— 1 — ' \ si

That

Geo. II. 20° Martii. 281

That there is due, and ought to be paid, to £. the Clerk of the Papers, for every Discharge of every Action, zs. 6d. - - - — a

And for the Copy of every Cause, not exceeding Three, is.- - - - — I

And for every Cause, exceeding Three Causes, 4 d.besides the 1 s. a-piece for each of the said first Three Causes ——

That there is due, and ought to be paid, to the Clerk of the Papers, for his Certificate of the Prisoner's Discharge, delivered to the Prisoner himself, without any Regard to the Number of Causes he flood charged with, is. 6 d.and for his Certificate to the Warden, for such Discharge, 2 s.6 d.- - —

That there is due, and ought to be paid, to the Clerk of the Enquiries, on the Discharge of a Prisoner by the Creditors, and not by

Supersedeas, is. 6d. - ft

That there is due, and ought to be paid, to the Turnkey, who is now both Porter and Gaoler, for the Prisoner's Entrance into the House, is. and for such Prisoner's Discharge, to the Turnkey, being Porter and Gaoler, is. 6 d. - - - 4

That there is due, and ought to be paid, to the Turnkey, for every Declaration, delivered to him for a Prisoner, is. - - - — 1

That there is no Fee due to the Warden, upon his accepting Security, on the Prisoner's having the Benefit of Day Rules.

That there is no Fee due to the Warden for Lodging and Chamber Rent, where the Prisoner has not actual Possession of the Chamber; but there is due to the Warden for every Prisoner or Prisoners his or their Lodging or Chamber Rent is. 6 d.per Week, such' Lodging or Chamber being furnished - — 2

That there is clue to the Minister, that officiates, and performs divine Service, within the said Prison, for the Time being, from every Prisoner within the Walls of the said Prison, or without the Walls, or within the Rules, Four Pence per Week, to be paid to the Warden for the Use of such Minister:

And that no such Minister, or any other Clergyman, being a Prisoner within the Walls, or Rules, of the Fleet, do presume to marry any Person, without Licence, within the Prison, or Rules, of the Fleet; and that the Warden, and his Officers, do use their utmost Vigilance to prevent all such Marriages.

That there is no fresh Commitment Fee due to the Warden, upon the Prisoner's bringing himself back to the Fleet by Habeas , when the Warden himself had removed him thence by Habeas Corpus; and that there is no Fee, Gratuity, or Reward, due to the Warden, for his returning a Habeas but

there is a Fee of 5 r. A,d. due to the Clerk of the Papers, for the Allowance of every Writ of Habeas Corpus, and 4/. for the Return of the first Cause, and zs. for every other Cause, and no more - n

That, when a Prisoner dies in the Fleet, the Warden shall detain the Body no longer, than till the Coroner's Inquest be finished, which shall be done with all reasonable Speed; and immediately afterwards the Body shall be delivered to the Prisoner's Friends, or Relations, if they desire it, without Fee or Reward.

That it is the Duty of the Warden, and belongs to him, to keep the Prison House, and Windows, in necessary and good Repair, and to keep the Bog-house, and Dunghill, as clean, and free from Stench and Noilomnefe, as possible.

Vo L.SI.

d. That a Table of Gifts and Bequests, made for the Benefit of the Prisoners in the Fleet,

6 pressing the particular Purposes, for which the same were given, be prepared by the Warden — and hung up in the Hall of the said Prison.

That the Ward Gates be opened at Five of the Clock in the Summer, and Seven of the Clock in the Winter, and do stand constantly open in the Day Time, according to the Order, made the 17th February 1727.

And whereas this Court, upon further Gon-sideration of the Premises- this present Trinity Term, in the 13th Year of the Reign of our '"«

Sovereign Lord King George, is of Opinion,

— that the said Resolutions are just; it is hereby ordered, that the same be observed by the Warden, and Prisoners^. and all other Persons therein concerned. Robert Eyre,

6 Robert Prite, 1

F. Page,

Alexander Denton.

A Lift of Bequests, Idc. which the Warden of the Fleet has set up in the common Hall in the said Fleet Prison, the 20th June, 1727, which he allows of.

Received from the Court of Common £. s. d.

Pleas £.3. each Term - - - - 12 ——

— b From the Court of Exchequer, 6 s. 8

every Term - - - -16 —

The Gift of Edward Thatcher, 40 per Annum, the King's Tax allowed out - 1 rt —

The Gift of Mr. Parker, yts. per Annum, payable from Merchant-taylors Company,

King's Tax allowed out of it - - - f > 7 < —

The Gift of John Grubham, Esquire, £. 3. '

allowed out of it 10 s.for a Sea Breach in a Fence of Land in Somersetshire, called The 6 Close - - - - 2 10 —

The Gift of Mr. John Kendrick, 30 payable from the Drapers Company - - 1 10 —

Received from the running Box-men,

Christmas, Eajier, and fVhitfonti - -3136

Received from the honourable Mailer of the Rolls - - - - 2 — —

The Gift of Mr. DawJon, which has not been paid these several Years, to be given by the Churchwardens of Efirel Pleas - - — - 9 — -

The Gift of Mr. Carter, which has not been paid, as appears from the Churchwardens of Underhurst - 17 —

Received from the Leather-fellers Company - — 18 —

Received every Christmas 33 Peny Loaves, parted at the Dividing Table.

Appendix, B.

An Account of the Profits, arising yearly to the Warden of the Fleet, by Rents, payable for Lodgings,

and other Rents, Perquisites, and Profits, which appear to be made therefrom.

In the first Gallery Ten Prisoners, at is. 1 od. per Week each - - - - -184

In the second Gallery 11 Prisoners, at |, 2 s. 10 d. per Week each - - - -1112

More in the same Gallery; viz. One at 3 s.6 d.Two at 10 s.and Three at 5/. 4

each; which comes to - - - -1:96

In the third Gallery, 19 at zs. 10 Two at 3 s.yd. Four at 5 s.4 d.and Two at 5s. 8

each; which comes to - - - - 4 14 —

In the fourth Gallery 30, at 2 10 each;

which comes to - - - - -45 —

In the Garden Rooms 12, at 2 s. 10 d.each 1 14 —

Total per Week - - £.15 —

Which for 52 Weeks, or One Year, comes > , to - '- - - - j*11 4 —

4 B To

Enquiry into the State of Gaol*:

ie

28 a

20° Martii.

A. 1728.

Enquiry into the Rate of Gaols.

s.

d.

14 ——

79 —

- 400 ——

8 ——

10 ——

1

To which add,

The Cellar, let per Annum at - 80

Thfe Coffee Room, let per Annum at The several Rooms in the Chapel Stairs, let per Annum at -

The Thirteen Houses fronting Fleet Ditch, between the Two Walls and the Prison, Ten of which are let at £.310. there is also Three unlet, at £. 90. per An hum; and comes, together, to 400.

Rent paid annually by the Sheriffs of London to the Keeper of the Palaces of Westminster -

Ditto to the Warden of the Fleet.

The Commitment Fees, at £ 4 r. 4 d. each Commitment, being computed by Mr. Bygrave, and Mr. Cottonthe former

and present Clerk of the Papers, to be afc lead, communibus- turns.Three hundred and Twenty in Number, amount to, per Annum, £.646. 18 s.8 d.and the Dismission Fees, at 75. 6d. each Prisoner, amount to, per Annum, £.no. and make, in the Whole, per Annum - - - 766 i8 8

Besides the vad number of Extortions over and above thefeFeesi particularly, from Walter Newbury ^11.45. John Dudley £. 16. ij s. Benjamin Wakeling£. 5. 5 r.

Peter Jordam £.6. cor. Thomas Goulder

£. 8. 195. 6d. Alexander Sydall £.6 for.

Alexander Leickey£. 3. 6 r. 84 \

Miles £. 4.145. 6 d.James Bayley £.13. -

8 r. 8 d. and several others.

By liberty of- Rules, and New Years Gifts, from the belt Accounts, that are given, or can be learnt, per Annum upwards of - - - 1,

Shops in- Westminster-hall, let at £. 1x7. and when all are let -

The Chaplains Fees, for Entrance of Three hundred and Twenty Prisoners, at a r. each, amount to £. 3a. per Annum, besides 4 d.per Week from at lead One thousand Prisoners in the Prison, and the Liberty of the Rules, amounting to 8 6 5.

16r.per Annum, and, together, make£. 897.

t6r. But Dr. Franks, Dean of Bedford,

being the officiating Chaplain, has been

allowed but 40 Guineas a Year, and 40

Guineas a Year more, when there was a

real Chaplain, which together, make 80

Guineas per Annum; so, deducting the said

80 Guineas from the said 897. i6r.

there will remain a clear Profit to the

W arden, per Annum ... - 813 16 —

Total per Annum - -£.4,632 18 8

5oo ——

150 ——

wilfully permitted several Debtots to the Crown in great Sums of Money, as well as Debtors to divers of his Majesty's Subjects, to escape, hath been guilty of the most notorious Breaches of his Trud, great Extortions, and the highed Crimes and Misdemeanors, in the Execution of his said Office, and hath arbitrarily and unlawfully loaded with Irons, put intoDungeons, and destroyed, Prisoners for Debt under his Charge, treating them in the most barbatous and cruel Manner, in high Violation and Contempt of the Laws of this Kingdom.

Resolved, neminecontradicente, That John

Esquire, late Warden of the Prison of the Fleet, did, during the Time of his Wardenship, wilfully permit many considerable Debtors in his Cudody to escape, and was notoriously guilty of great Breaches of his Trud, Extortions, Cruelties, and other high Crimes and Misdemeanors in the Execution of the said Office, to the great Oppression and Ruin of many of the Subjects of this Kingdom.

The House also came to the following Resolutions; viz.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, that James Barnes was an Agent of, and an Accomplice with, the said Thomas Bambridge, in the Commission of his said Crimes.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, That William Pindar was an Agent of, and an Accomplice with, the said Thomas Bambridge, in the Commission of his said Crimes.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, That John Everett was an Agent of, and an Accomplice with, the said Thomas Bambridge, in the Commission of his said Crimes.

Resolved, Thzt it appears to this House, That Thomas King was an Agent 'of, and an Accomplice with, the said Thomas Bambridge, in the Commission of his said Crimes.

Mr. Oglethorpe acquainted the House, that he was dire feed by. the Committee to move. That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to direct his Attorney General forthwith to prosecute, in the most effectual Manner, the said Thomas Bambridge for his said Crimes.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Resolved, nemine contradicente, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to direct his Attorney General forthwith to prosecute, in the most effectual Manner, the said Thomas Bambridge for his said Crimes.

Mr. Oglethorpe also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move. That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to direct his Attorney General forthwith to prosecute, in the most effectual Manner, the said John Huggins for his said Crimes.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Resolved, nemine contradicente. That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, that be will be graciously pleased to direct his Attorney General forthwith to prosecute, in the most effectual Manner, the said

Besides the Appointment of the following Officers:

The Clerk of the Papers gave for his Place £. 1,500. John Huggins for his said Crimes.

The Clerk of the Enquiries Place, worth £. 150. per Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Annum. Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to direct his

The Turnkey's Place £.50. per Annum. Attorney General forthwith to prosecute, in the mod

The Chamberlain's Place £. 40. per Annum. effectual Manner, the said James , William Pindar,

The Tipdaff to the Court of Chancery gave for his John Everett, and Thomas King, for their said Crimes.

Place 328 Guineas.

The Tipdaff of the Rolls gave 150 Guineas.

The Tipdaff of the Exchequer 150 Guineas.

The Tipdaff of the Common Pleas 210 Guineas.

The other Tipdaff there 200 Guineas.

The Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, nemine contradicente. That Thomas -

til

‘IS

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That the said Thomas Bambridge be committed close Prisoner to his Majesty's Gaol ot Newgate-, and that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants accordingly.

Ordered, That the said John Huggins, Esquire, be committed close Prisoner to his Majesty's Gaol of;

and that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants accordingly.

Ordered, That the said James Barnes be committed close Prisoner to his Majesty's Gaol of Newgate j and that

at

a

4

to

*4!

fci

b

h

4

U

h

bridge, the acting Warden of the Prison of the Fleet, hath Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants accordingly.

16 Ordered,

Oficwand

laploj meats.

Spanish

Depredations on American Trade.

2 Geo. II. 20°- — i\aMartii, 2^3

Ordered, That the said William Pindar be committed close Prisoner to his Majesty's Gaol of Newgate', and that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants accordingly.

Ordered, That the said John Everett be committed close Prisoner to his Majesty's Gaol of Newgate; and that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants accordingly.

Ordered, That the said Thomas King be committed close Prisoner to his Majesty's Gaol of; and that Mr.

Speaker do issue his Warrants accordingly,

Mr. Oglethorpe also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to disable the said Thomas to

hold or execute the Office of Warden of the Prison of the Fltet, or to have or exercise any Authority relating thereto.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, rtemine contradicenteThat Leave be given to

bring in a Bill to disable the said Thomas Bambridge to hold or execute the Office of W'arden of the Prison of the , Fleet, or to have or exercise any Authority relating thereto; and that Mr. Oglethorpe, Mr. Earle, the Lord Perci-vall, and Mr. Hughes, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr; Oglethorpe allb acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for better regulating the Prison of the Fleet, and for more effectual preventing, and punishing arbitrary and illegal Practices of the W arden of the said Prison.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, nemine contradicente. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for better regulating the Prison of the Fleet, and for more effectual preventing and punishing, arbitrary and illegal Practices of the Warden of the said Prison; and that Mr. Oglethorpe, Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Glanville, and Mr. Hughes, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, appointed to enquire into the State of the Gaols of this Kingdom, this Day made to the House, in relation to the State of the FleetPrilon, with the Appendixes, and the Proceedings of the House thereupon, be printed; and that Mr. Speaker do appoint the printing thereof; and that noPerlon, but such as he shall appoint, do presume to print the lame.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning

next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for indemnifying Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; and for repealing so much of an Act of Parliament, passed in the First Year of his late Majesty King George the First, as requires Persons to qualify themselves for Offices or Employments within Three Months, and for limiting other Times for such Qualifications.

The House (according to OrderJ'resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Petition of the several Merchants, and others, trading to America from the Port of JJverpoole, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, in behalf of themselves, and many others, and also the Petition of the incorporated Society of Merchant-adventurers within the City of and also

the Petition of divers Merchants, and others, trading to Portugal, Spain, and Italy, &c. in behalf of themselves, and many others, and all'o the Petition of several Merchants, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many others, trading to and from the Island of Sicily, and Parts adjacent.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Winnington took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr.fVinnington reported from the Committee, that the Committee had heard some of the Petitioners, and examined several Witnesses, and had made a further Progress You 21.

in the Matters referred to them; and that the Committee had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Petition of the several Merchants, and others, trading to America from the Port of

Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, jn behalf of themselves and many others, and also the Petition of the incorporatedSociety of Merchants-adventurers within the City of Bristol,-and also the Petition of divers Merchants, and others, trading to Portugal, Spain, and Italy,

&c. in behalf of themselves and many others, and also the Petition of several Merchants, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many others, trading to and from the Island of and Parts adjacent.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday. next,'at South Set Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of Company, the whole House, upon the Bill todischarge the Trustees appointed by an Act of the Seventh Year of his late Majesty's Reign, for railing Money upon the Estates of the late Directors of the South Sea Company, and others, of their Trust, and to vest in the said Company such of the Estates, which were vested in the said Trustees, as remain undisposed of, as allb the produce of such Estates and Effects, as have been disposed of by the Trustees; and nothing to intervene.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday, Mom- Suppression ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole of Piracy. House, upon the Bill for the better suppressing of Piracy, and for giving all Prizes, taken from the Enemy, to the -Captors.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 21° die Martii;

Anno a* Georgi Ildl Regis, 1728.

Pr avers.

MR. Thomas Jufon, Rector of Wanjled, William Hat- privilege;

ton, and John Brooks, were (according to Order) Personj re-brought to the Bar; where they, upon their Knees, received a Reprimand from Mr. Speaker; and were ordered charged, to be discharged out of Custody, paying their Fees.

John El liner i being brought up by the Keeper of gate (according to Order) was brought to the Bar by the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House; where he, upon his Knees, received a reprimand from Mr. Speaker; and was ordered to be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, that, pursuant to Mr. Speaker their Order of Yesterday, he had opened the Letter, communi-which he received, directed to this House: And Mr.

Speaker acquainted the House with the Contents thereof. Letter.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Barnet for inclosing Part of a Common, called Barnet Common, Inclosure. belonging to the Manor of Chippen Barnet, in the County of Hertford, and for veiling a certain annual Rent-charge

in Trustees, for the Benefit of the Poor of the Parish of Chippen Barnet for ever, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Conduitt Mr. Wither, Mr. Taylor, Mr. Whitworth, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Waller, Dr. Sayer, Mr. Scawen, Mr. Lowe,

Mr. Ash, Mr. Geers, Mr. Metcalfe, Sir Archer Croft,

Mr. Plumer, Sir John Rushout, Mr.' Gibbon, Sir Ed-

mund Bacon, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Norton,

Mr. Lyjler, Sir John Milner, Sir Wm. Milner, Mr. Heron, Mr. Sandys, Sir Wm.Willys, General Wade, Lord Limerick, Sir James Thornhill, Sir Wilfrid Lawson, M r.

, Earle,

284

2i° Mar tit.

A. 1718.

Earle, Sir Archibald Grant, Mr. Page, Mr. Walcol, Hutnfrey Wyrley Birch, and his Heirs, and Issue Male, to

Mr. Pertott, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Smelt, Mr. Willoughby, Mr. lake and use the Surname of pursuant to the Deed

Clinton, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Dr. Clark, Lord Carnarvon, Colonel Bladen, Mr. Oglethorpe, Sir Edward Knatchbull, Mr. Hucks, Mr. Nicholls, Sir Abraham , Mr. Crowle,

Mr. Pacey, Sir Thomas Lee, Mr. and all the

Members that fern for the Counties of and

of Settlement, made on the Marriage of Peter Doctor in Divinity, with the Daughter of Humfrey Wyrley, Esquire, deceased, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had directed him to

Hertford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber. And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

heed* A Bill' to make the Chapel of Ease of the Holy and aew Chapel. Undivided Trinity in Leeds, in the County of York, a That an humble Address be presented to his perpetual Cure and Benefice, and for defraying of some Majesty, that he will be graciously pleated to give Di-Expences in finishing the said Chapel, yet remaining redtiorts to the proper Officers, to lay before this House, unpaid, was read a Second time. Copies of all Applications, made in the Year 1727, for

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Wm. Cruisers, to protect the Trade, with an Account of what Milner, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Bold, Sir James Camp- was done thereupon.

bell, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Lowe, Mr. Hucks, That an humble Address be presented to his instruction*

Mr. Lyster, Mr. York, Mr. Plumer, Dr. Sayer, Sir Tho. Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to give Di- |° Admiral* Hales, Lord Wm. Powlet. Sir John Shelley, Sir Wilfrid redtion, that Copies of the lnstructions, and Letters, from

Lawson, Mr. Alderman Parsons, Mr, Corbett, Sir Edward the principal Secretaries of State to Sir John Jennings; Knatchbull, Mr. Heathcote, Mr. Andrezvs, Mr. Wynn, Vice-admiral Hopfon, Sir Charles Wager, and Sir George Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Cockburn, Mr. Pacey, Mr. Orlebar, Walton, and also Copies of the Letters from the said Mr. Geers, Mr. Crowle, Mr. Gould, Sir Michael Wharton, Admirals and Commanders, and other Officers, employed Sir Edmund Bacon, Sir Henry Hoghton, Lord Nassau in his Majesty's Squadrons in the Mediterranean, to the Powlett, Colonel Onslow, Mr. Masters, Mr. Vernon, Sir said principal Secretaries of State, from the Twenty-sixth Michael Newton, Mr. Byng, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Serjeant of 1725, until the ratifying the Preliminaries, be

Bitch, General RoJJe, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Willoughby, laid before this House.

Colonel Bladen, Sir Wm. Strickland, Sir Thomas Frank- Ordered, That the said Adressesbe presented to his

land, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Turner, Mr. Majesty by such Members of this House as ate of his Ingram, Mr. Croft, Sir Robert Clifton, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

Colonel Howard, Mr. Ramsden; and all the Members

that fefvc for the County of York: And they are to Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's lay before this House, an Account, shewing what Quan-Chamber. tity of Iron has been imported from Sweden, and Spain,

into the Port of London, for Five Years, ending at Sir Henry Hoghton reported from the Committee, to Michaelmas last, distinguishing each Year, whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

to enable Thomas Scawen, Esquire, and others, to make A Bill to repeal a Clause in an Act, made in the Ninth

Leases of several Manors and Lands in Cornwall, according Year of his late Majesty's Reign, which prohibits the Im- jj. t0from°

to the Custom of that County, and of the several Manors, portation of Tobacco, stript from the Stalk, or Stem, was the Stalk,

in which the same do lie, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment:

And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

The said Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Hoghton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Iron

imported.

fcawen's Eft* to.

read a Second time.

And there being no Blank in the Bill, nor any Amendment proposed to be made to it;

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

A Bill for the more effectual preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Prevention of Bribery at Electioni.

Hadleigh

inclosure.

The House took into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the ingrossed Bill, intituled, An Act An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Peter Lapierre, John Stephen Benezet, for inclosing Aldham and Boyne Commons, belonging to Stephen , and Godfrey Schreve. the Parish of Hadleigh, in the County of Suffolk, for the And the said Amendments were read, and are as

follow; viz

Lapierre'i &c. Nat.

Birch'*

Name.

better Maintenance of the Poor of the said Parish, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas Hales, Sir Roger Meredith, Mr. Hales, Mr. Granville, Mr. Geers, Mr. Wyndham, Mr. Byng, Sir Nicholas Wil. Hams, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Lowe, Sir Edward Knatchbull, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Bacon, Sir Thomas Lee, Mr. Pacey, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr.

Polhill, Sir Jcrmyn Havers, Mr. Butler, Mr. Gybbon,

Mr. Sandys, Mr. Metcalfe, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr.

Crowle, Lord Wm.Powlett, Sir Henry Hoghton, Mr. Waller, Dr. Sayer, Mr Bromley, Lord Gage Mr. Colonel Negus, Mr. Baron Thompson, Mr. Wilson, Sir Geo.Oxenden, Sir Robert Austen, Mr. Duckett; and all the Members that serve for the County of Suffolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Ward reported from the Committee, to whom the

Bill to enable Humfrey Wyrley, Esquire, lately called

Press 1. L. it. After " G" insert " Theodore Delafaye, Son of the Reverend , Doctor

" in Divinity, by Mary Chaturin his Wife, born at Utrecht,

'* in Holland; John Tamefz, Son of John , by

" Gertruii his Wife, born at Moscow, in Raffia;

" Lang, Son of Luder Lang, by Anne his Wife, born at

" Bremen, in Germany; Theodore Dorrien, Son of Ludolph " Christian Dorrien, by Ilfa Mary his Wife, born at Bre- men, in Germany; and Nathanael St. Andre, Son of

" David St. Andre, by Magdalen his Wife, born at Laufan,

in the Canton of Bern, in Switzerland."

L. 22. Leave out " and."

L. 23. After " Schr" insert " Theodore " lafaye, John Tamefz, Henry Lang, Theodore Dorrien, and " Nathanael St. Andre."

L. 36. Leave out " and, " and after " Schreve" insert Theodore Delafaye, John Henry Lang,

" Theodore Dorrien, and Nathanael St. Andre"

Press a. L. 23. Leave out " and."

L 24.

foEa

life.

fillC.

IsOJK

cite

son

e

risf

s Iff-t*

n

at

fi

G:

ji

2 Geo. II.

2 I

Martii

285

tion de Gibraltar; luy promettant de me servir des pre- mieres Occasions favorables pour regier cet Article du Consentement de mon Parlement: Et, pour donner £ vorre Majestc une preuve ulterieure de mon Affection,

Sftefields

firlh.

L. 24. After Schreve" inrert " 'Theodore De-

" lafaye, John Tamefz, Henry Lang, Theodore Dorrien,

" and Nathanael St. /indre."

L. 33. Leave out " and, " and after Schreve"

insert " Theodore Delafayc, John Tamefz, Henry Lang, j'ay doone Ordre & mon AmbalFadeur, aulfitor que fera " Theodore Dorrien, and Nathanael St. Andre." terminee la Negotiation, dont il a eie charge, de proposer

In the Title of the Bill, last Line, leave out, " and, '* & votre Majestc de nouvelles Liailons, de concert et con-and after " Sc hr eve" add " and others." jointement avec la France, convenables dans les Conjonc-

The said Amendments being severally read a Second tures presentes, non feulement & affermir notre Union, time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, mais a aiFurer le Repos de I'Europe. Votre Majeste peut agreed unto by the House. ecre persuadee, que, de ma part, j'apporteray toutes les

Ordered, That Mr. Party do carry the Bill to the Lords, Complaisances possible, ce que je me promets aufii d'elle, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the pour 1' Avantage commun de nos Royaumes; etant tres Amendments, made by their Lordships.

Monsieur, mon Frere, de votre Majeste le bon Frere, George, 11.

A Petition of the Commissioners for building Fifty new Churches in and about the Cities of London and Jfer, and the Suburbs thereof, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that in the Bill depending in this House, for making the Hamlet of Spittlefields, in the

parfaitement,

A St. James, le ir Juin, 1721.

Au Roy d'Efpagne,

Monsieur mon Frere.

Sir, my Brother: I have learnt, with great Satisfaction,

Parish of Saint Dunjlans, Stebonheath, alias Stepney, in the by the Report of my Ambassador at your Court, that

County of MiddJeJex, a distinct Parish, and for providing a your Majesty is at last resolved to remove the Obstacles Maintenance for the Minister of such new Parish, there that have for some time delayed the intire Accomplish-are several Clauses which will repeal, or alter, divers Parts ment of our Union. Since, from the Confidence that of the former Acts passed, relating to the Fifty new your Majesty expresses towards me, I may look upon the Churches, and other Laws now in Force: And praying, Treaties which have been in question between us, as re-that they may be heard by their Counsel against such established, and that, accordingly, the Instruments necef-Parts of the said Bill. fary for the carrying on of the Trade of my Subjects, will

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con- have been delivered out, I do no longer balance to allure sideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom your Majesty of my Readiness to satisfy you with regard the Bill for making the Hamlet of Spittlefields, in the to your Demand touching the Restitution of Gibraltar j Parish of St. Dunstan Stebunheath, alias Stepney, in the promising you to tnakeufe of the first favourable Oppor-

County of Middlesex,a distmCt Parish, and for providing tunity to regulate this Article with the Consent of my a Maintenance for the Minister of such new Parish, is Parliament: And, to give your Majesty a further Proof committed; and that the Petitioners, if they think fit, of my Affection, I have ordered my Ambassador, as soon be heard by their Counsel ag.iinft the said Bill, before the as the Negotiation with which he has been charged shall laid Committee. be finished, to propose to your Majesty new Engagements,

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- to be entered into, in concert and jointly with France, mittee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard for the

laid Bill at the same time.

Cobb'l

Ditwte.

fui table to the present Conjuncture, not only for strength-eningour Union, but also for securing the Tranquillity of Europe. Your Majesty may be persuaded, that I, on my An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Part, will Ihewall the Facility imaginable, promising my-to dissolve the Marriage of Thomas Cobb with Rachael self, that you will do the fame, for the mutual Benefit of Krebs, and to enable him to marry again, and for other our Kingdoms; being most perfectly, &c.

Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First time.

Glbrafarind

Minorca*

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House, according to Order, took into farther Consideration the Report of the Conference with the Lords on Wednesday last, wherein the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House to a Resolution of their Lordships, as followeth, viz.

Die Martis, 18* Martii, 1728.

RESOLVED by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and in Parliament assembled. That they

do entirely rely upon his Majesty, that he will, for the maintaining the Honour, and securing the Trade of this Kingdom, take efTcftual Care, in the present Treaty, to preserve his undoubted Right to Gibraltar, and the Island of Minorca.

And the said Resolution was read a Second time.

The Translation of his late Majesty's Letter to the King of Spain, dated June ift, 1721, was read: Which Letter, and Translation, are as follow; viz.

Monsieur, mon Frere: J'ay appris, avec une extreme Satisfaction, par le rapport de mon AmbaflTa-deur k votre Cour, que votre Majeste eft enfin relbliie de lever les Obstacles qui pour quelque terns ont retarde l'entier Accompliflement de notre Union. Puisque par la Confiance, que votre Majeste me temoigne, je puis

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Resolution of the Lords, by adding, at the end thereof, these Words, by infilling, that all Pretensions on the " Part of the Crown of Spain, to the said Possessions, be "specifically given up."

And the Question being put, That those Words be added to the said Resolution;

The House divided:

-The Yeas go forth:

Tellers forth. Yeas, }>«

TeUersforth.Noes.^WrWa,

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Lords in the said Resolution.

And then the Blank was accordingly filled up by the Clerk with the Word " Commons."

Resolved, That a Conference be desired with the Lords upon the Subject-matter of the last Conference.

Ordered, That Mr. Anthony Lowther do go to the Lords and desire the said Conference.

The other Orders of the Day being read,

Ordered, That the Call of the House be further adjourned until this Day Fortnight.

Ordered, That the hearing the Matter of the Petition of regarder les Traittes, qui ont eie en question entre nous, William Carr, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election comme retablis, et qu'enconformile les Pieces, neceflaires and Return for the Town and County of Nevocaflle upon au Commerce dc mes Sujets, auront etc extradees, je ne Tine, be adjourned till Tuesday Morning next, balance plus a assurer votre Majeste de ma Promptitude it

la satisfaire par rapport a fa demande touchant la Reftitu- Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

Vot.. 21. 4 C And

Call of the House.

Newcastle upon Tyn« Election*

Committer*.

86

2i° — 240

1728.

And then the House adjourned till Monday France, and the Exportation of Woollen Goods, manu-Morning next, Nine of the Clock/ fa (flu red in , to Portugal, and other foreign

__________Countries: And praying such Relief, as the House Hull

think fit.

OThat the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Luna, 24° die Martii;

Anno a® Georgii II" Regis, 1728.

Pra VERS.

Woollen A PETITION of the Hosiers, Frame-work-knitters, Manufacture. an(} other Inhabitants of in the County of

Leicester, employed in the Woollen Manufacture of Hose there, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of the great Decay of their Trade, and the vast Increase of tkeir Poor by reason thereof, chiefly owing to the clandestine carrying of Wool out of Ireland to foreign Parts: And praying such Relief, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Rodd's

EllitCi

A Petition of Francis Gentleman, on the behalf of himself, and his Brother, Edward Rodd, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that there is a Bill depending in the Hoyfe, to veil several Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, in the Parish of Stoke Cannon, in the County of Devon, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of the Debts of Bamfyld Rodd, Esquire, deceased; That the Petitioners are entitled, by a Settlement, dated the First of May, i® Jac. II di, as Heirs in Tail Male of Bamfyld Rodd, Esquire, late of Stoke aforesaid, their Father, to the several Premisses in the Bill mentioned; and whereby they are barred of their Right, in order to make a Title to an intended Purchaser, of which they were not in the lead apprised, till they saw it in the printed Votes of this House: And praying, that they may be heard by their Counsel against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to vest several Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, in the PariQi of Stoke Canon, in the County of in Trustees, to be sold,

for Payment of the Debts of Bamfyld Esquire, deceased, is committed; and that the Petitioners, if they think fit, be heard by their Counsel against the said Bill, before the said Committee.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard for the said Bill ac the same time.

A Bill for repairing the several Roads therein mentioned, leading into the Town of in the County of Hereford, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Cafmall, Mr. Williams, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr.

Crfar, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Wilmington, Sir Elton,

Mr. Scrope, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Cross, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Cornwall, Colonel Read, Mr. Pacey, Sir Archer Croft, Mr.

Mr. Hucks, Mr. Phillips, Mr. , Sir John AJlley, Mr. Bacon, Lord Bateman, Mr. Mr. Lewis, Sir

Clobery Noell, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Vaughan, Mr.

Dr. Sayer, Mr. Bowles, Sir Edward Knatchbull, Mr.

Walcot, Mr. Metcalfe, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Watkyn Wynn,

Mr. Holmes, Mr. Morris, Mr. Foley, Mr. Talbott, Sir Wilfrid Lawson, Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Treasurer, Sir Richard Lane, Sir John Mr. Masters, Mr. Ba~

thurst, Mr. Serjeant Birch, Mr. Mr. Lacon Child;

and all the Members, that serve for the Counties of Wor-. cester, Gloucester, Salop, and Hereford, and for South Wales: And they are to meet this-Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Woollen A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgelfea, Manufadore. and other principal Inhabitants of the Borough and Town of Taunton, in the County of was presented to

the House, and read; complaining of the great Decay of their Trade, and vast Increase of their Poor, arising chiefly, as they apprehend, by Exportation of Irish Wool to 20

A Bill for the more effectual preventing Bribery and Prevention of Corruption in the Elections of Members to serve in Bribery at Parliament, was read a Second time. El&shoni.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

Mr. Treasurer reported to the House, that their Ad- AnfVer dresses of Thursday last, That his Majesty would be gra- toAddreJe* ciously pleased to direct his Attorney-general forthwith to prosecute in the tnoft effectual Manner, Thomas Barnbridge, John Huggins, James Barnes, William Pindar,

John Everett, and Thomas King, for their Crimes therein mentioned, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that his Majesty will direct his Attorney-general forthwith to prosecute the said several Persons, in the most effectual Manner, according to the Desires of this House.

Mr. Treasurer also reported to the House, that their Address of Friday last. That his Majesty would be gra-cioully pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers to lay before this House, Copies of all Applications made in the Year 1727, for Cruisers to protect the Trade, with an Account of what was clone thereupon, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that his Majesty will give Directions, that the said Copies of Applications for Cruisers, with an Account of what was done thereupon, be laid before this House.

rar,c;.n.

Leominster

Roads.

Mr. Treasurer also reported to the House, that their Instruction? Address, of Friday last, That his Majesty would be gra- |° Aimirals ciously pleased to give Directions, that Copies of the ln !w«d)ter-Instructions, and Letters, from the principal Secretaries of State to Sir John Jennings, Vice-admiral Hopfon, Sir Charles Wager, and Sir George Walton, and also Copies of the Letters from the said Admirals and Commanders, and other Officers, employed in his Majesty's Squadrons in the Mediterranean, to the said principal Secretaries of State, from the Twenty-sixth of March, 1725, until the ratifying the Preliminaries, might be laid before this House, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had been pleased to command him to lay the said Copies of Instructions, and Letters before this House.

And Mr. Treasurer presented the same to the House accordingly, together with a List of them.

And the said Lift was read, and is as followeth;

'viz.

Copies of Instructions, and Letters, from his Majesty's principal Secretaries of State to Sir John Jennings, Vice-admiral Hopfon, Sir Charles Wager, and Sir George Walton, as also Copies of Letters from the said Admirals and Commanders, and from other Officers, employed in his Majesty's Squadron in the Mediterranean, to the Lid principal Secretaries of State, since the Year 1725, until the Time of the Arrival of the King of Spain's Orders in the West bodies, for the Execution of the Preliminaries; viz.

N° 1. Copy of his late Majesty's Instructions to Sir John Jennings, it June, 1726.

2. Copy of his late Majesty's additional private instructions to Sir John Jennings, 11 June, 1726.

. Copy of his Grace the Duke of Newcastle's Letter to Sir John Jennings, 11 June, 1726.

4. Copy of his Grace the Duke of Newcastle's Letter

to Sir John Jennings, so, June, 1726.

5. Copy of his Grace the Duke of Newcastle's Letter to Sir John Jennings, zi June, 1726.

6. Copy

2 Geo. II.

240 Ma

287

6. Copy of his Grace the Duke of Letter

to Sir John Jennings, 27 June, 1726.

7. Copy of his Grace the Duke of Letter

to Sir John Jennings, 29 June, 1726.

8. Copy of his Grace the Duke of Letter

to Sir John Jennings, 2 July, 1726.

9. Copy of his Grace the Duke of Letter

to Sir John Jennings, 4 July, 1726.

44. Copy of his Grace the Duke ot Letter

to Sir Charles Wager, \§ November, 1727.

45. Copy of his Grace the Duke of s Letter

to Sir George Walton, 25 Novemb1727.

46. Copy of his Grace the Duke of Letter

to Sir Charles Wager, 25 December, 1747.

47. Copy of his Grace the Duke of Letter

to Sir Charles Wager, or to the Commander in Chief of

Instructions to Admirtls in Mediterranean.

10. Copy of his Grace the Duke of Newcastle's Letter his Majesty's Squadron at Gibraltar, or on the Coast of

to Sir Join Jennings, 7 July, 1726.

11. Copy of the Right honourable the Lord Viscount Townshend' % Letter to Sir John Jennings, 9 July, 1726.

12. Copy of his Grace the Duke of Letter

to Sir Jcbn Jennings, 1 4 July, 1726.

13. Copy of his Grace the Duke of Letter

to Sir Jcbn Jennings, 20 July, 1726.

14. Copy of Sir John Jennings' Instructions, 18 August, 1726.

15. Copy of his Grace the Duke of Newcastle's Letter to Sir John Jennings, 18 August, 1726.

16. Copy of his Grace the Duke of Letter

to Rear-admiral Hof Jon, 20 September, 1726.

17. Copy of his Grace the Duke of Newcastle's Letter to Sir John Jennings, 20 September, 1726.

18. Copy of his Grace' the Duke of s Letter

to Rear-admiral Hopfon,25 October, 1726.

19. Copy of his Grace the Duke of Newcastle's Letter to Rear-admiral Hopfon, 30 November, 1726.

20. Copy of his late Majesty's lnstructions to Sir Charles Wager, 22 December, 1726.

ai. Copy of his Grace the Duke of Newcastle's Letter to Rear-admiral Hopfon, 23 Dece 1726.

22. Copy of his Grate the Duke of Letter

to Rear-admiral Hopfon,23 December, 1726.

23. Copy of his Grace the Duke of Letter

to Sir Charles Wager, 29 December, 1726.

24. Copy of his Grace the Duke of s Letter

to Sir Charles Wager, 13 January, 172-f.

2$. Copy of his Grace the Duke of s Letter

to Sir Charles Wager, 17 February, 17 if.

16. Copy of his Grace the Duke of Newcaftlts Letter to Sir Charles Wager, 28 February, 172$.

27. Copy of his Grace the Duke of Letter

to Sir Charles Wager,7 March, 172$.

48. Copy of his Grace the Duke of Nctvcastle's Letter to Sir Charles Wager,21 Ma172-f.

29. Copy of his Grace the Duke of s Letter

to Sir Charles Wager, 24 March, 172-7.

30. Copy of his Grace the Duke of 3 Letter

to Sir Charles Wager April, 1727.

31. Copy of his Grace the Duke of Newcastle's litter to Sit Charles Wager, 18 April, 1727.

32. Copy of his Grace the Duke of 's Letter

to Sit Charles Wager, May 19, 1727.

33. Copy of his Grace the Duke of Newcastle' % Letter to Sir Charles Wager, 22 May, 1727.

34. Copy of his Grace the Duke of s Letter

to Sir Charles Wager, 18 July, 1727.

35. Copy of the Right honourable the Lord Viscount TownjhencTs Letter to Sir Charles Wager, 5 August, 1727.

; 36. Copy of his Grace the Duke of Newca/lle's Letter to Sir Charles Wager, 12 September, 1727.

37. Copy of his Grace the Duke of s Letter

to Sir Charles Wager;29 September, 1727.

38. Copy of his Grace the Duke of Letter

to Sit Charles Wager, 2 October, 1727.

39. Copy of his Grace the Duke of Newcastle's Letter

to Sir George Walton,zOSober, 1727.

40. Copy of his Grace the Dukje of Newcastle*s Letter to Sir Charles Wager,26 October, 1727

Spain, 9 March, 172-}.

48. Copy of Sir John Jennings's Letter to his Grade the Duke of Newcastle, June 12, 1726.

49. Copy of Sir John Jennings's Letter to his Grace the Duke of Newcastle, 12 June, 1726.

50. Copy of Sir John Jennings's Letter to his Grace the Duke of Newcastle, 14 June, 1726.

51. Copy of Sir John Jennings's Letter to his Grace the Duke of Newcastle, 25 June, 1726.

52. Copy of Sir John Jennings's Letter to his Grace the Duke of Netccastle, 27 June, 1726.

53. Copy of Sir John Jennings's Letter to his Grace the Duke of Newcastle. 28 June, 1726.

54. Copy of Sir John Jennings's Letter to his Grace the Duke of Newcastle, 30 June, 17*6.

55. Copy of Sir John Jennings's Letter to his Grace the Duke of Newcastle, 3 July, 1726.

56. Copy of Sir John Jennings's Letter to his Grace the Duke of Newcastle, 5 July, 1726.

57. Copy of Sir John Jennings's Letter to his Grace the Duke of Newcastle, 8 July, 1726.

58. Copy of Sir John Jennings's Letter to his Grace the Dukke of Newcastle, i July, 1726.

59. Copy of Sir John Jennings's Letter to the Right

honourable the Lord Viscount 10 1746*

60. Copy of Sir John Jennings's Letter to his Grace the Duke of Newcastle, 13 July, 1726.

61. Copy of Sir John Jennings's Letter to his Grace the Duke of Newcastle, 16 July, 1726.

62. Copy of Sir John Jennings's Letter to his Grace the

Duke of NewcaHle, 1.8 July, 1726.

63. Copy of Sir John Jennings's Letter to his Grace the Dyke of Newcastle, 19 July, 1726.-

64. Copy of Sir John Jennings's Letter to his Grace the Duke of Newcastle, 20 July, 1726.

65. Copy of Sir John Jennings's Letter to his Grace the Duke of Newcastle, 12 July, 1726.

66. Copy of Sir John Jennings's Letter to his Grace the Duke of Newcastle, 3 August, 1716; inclosing,

67. Copy of Sir John Jennings's Letter to the commanding Officer at St.Andero, 30 July, 1726 s

68. Translation of the same:

69. Copy of the commanding Officer's Letter at St. Andero, to Sir John Jennings, -A August, 1726;

70. Translation of the same:

71. Copy of Sir John Jennings's Letter to the commanding Officer at St. Antonio Bay, 2 August,. 1726:

72. Translation of the fame:

73. Copy of a Letter from the commanding Officer

at St. Antonio Bay to Sir John Jennings, in Answer,

13 August, 1726, N. S.

74. Translation of the same:

75. Copy of Sir John Jennings's Letter to Don Joseph del Caftello, 2 August, 1726.

76. Translation of the same:

77. Copy of the commanding Officer's Letter to Sir John Jennings, in Answer to a second Letter, 13 August, 1726:

78. Translation of the fame:

79. Copy of Sir John Jennings's Letter to his Grace the

41. Copy of his Grace the Duke of Newcaftlfs Letter Duke of Newcastle, 8 August, 1726, O. S.

to Sir Charles Wager, 16 November, 1727'. ' 80. Copy of Sir John Jennings's Letter to his Grace the

42. Copy of his Grace the Duke of Newcastle'sLetter Duke of Newcastle, 10 1726; inclosing,

to Sir Charles Wager, 16 November 1727. 81. Copy of the Resolutions of the Spanish Council of

43. Copy of his Grace the Duke of Newcastle's Letter War at the Groyne:

to Vice-admiral Hopfon, 16 November, 1 frj. 82. Translation of the fame.

Vol. 21. 83. Copy

288

240 Martii. 28.

nftru&ons to Admiral* in Mediterranean.

8 v Copy of Vice-admiral Hs Letter to his Grace

the Duke of Newcastle, 15 August, 1726.

84. Copy of Sir John Jennings' % Letter to his Grace the Duke of Newcastle, 19 August, 1726.

85 % Copy of Vice-admiral s Letter to his Grace

the Duke of Newcastle, 24 August, 1716; inclosing,

86. Captain Drake's Report.

87. Copy of Sir John Jennings's Letter to his Grate the

Duke of Newcastle, 27 August, 1726; inclosing,

88. Copy of Sir John Jennings's Letter to Cont'ul 17 August, 1726:

89. Copy of an Extract of a Letter from Consul Cayley to Sir John Jennings, 3 Se1726.

90. Copy of Sir John Jennings's Letter to his Grace the Duke of Newcastle, 28 August, 1726.

91. Copy of Sir John Jennings's Letter to his Grace

the Duke of Newcastle, 4 Septem1726.

92. Copy of Rear-admiral Hop/on s Letter to his Grace the Duke of Newcastle, 9 September, 1726.

93. Copy of Rear-admiral Hupfon's Letter to his Grace the Duke of Newcastle, 10 September, 1726.

94. Copy of Sir John Jennings's Account of his Voyage home, September, 1726.

95. Copy of I nstructions from Sir John Jennings to Captain Stewart, 14 September, 1726.

96. Copy of private instructions from Sir John Jennings to Captain Stnvart, 14 September, 1726.

97. Copy of Sir John Jennings's Orders to Rear-admiral Hop/on, ‘10 September, 1726.

98. Copy of Sir John Jennings's Letter to Rear-admiral Hop/cn, accompanying his Instructions, 23 September, 1726.

99. Copy of Sir John Jennings Letter to his Grace

the Duke of Newcastle,23 October, 1726.

100. Copy of Rear-admiral s Letter to his Grace

the Duke of Newcastle,27 Ofl 1726.

101. Copy of Rear-admiral s Letter to his Grace the Duke of Newcastle, 3 No-uember, 1726.

102. Copy of Rear-admiral s Letter to his Grace the Duke of Newcastle,25 November, 1726.

103. Copy of Rear-admiral Hop/on's Letter to his Grace the Duke of Newcastle, 6 December, 1726; inclosing,

104. Copy of a List of Spaniflt Men of War in the West Indies:

105. Copy of Consul Cayley's Letter to Rear-admiral Hop/on, 5 December, 1726.

106. Copy of Sir Charles Wager's Letter to his Grace the Duke of Newcastle, 25 December, 1726.

107. Copy of Rear-admiral s Letter to his Grace the Duke of Newcastle, 25 December, 1726.

108. Copy of Rear-admiral s Letter to his

Grace the Duke of Newcastle, 27 December, 1726,

O. S.

109. Copy of Sir Charles Wager's Letter to his Grace

the Duke of Newcastle, 3 Jan 17 if.

110. Copy of Rear-admiral Hop/on'sLetter to his Grace the Duke of Newcastle, 10 January, 17a-f-; inclosing,

111. Copy of Mr. Stanhope's Letter to Rear-admiral

Hopfon,7 December, 1726:

112. Copy of Colonel Kane's Letter to Rear-admiral Hopfon, 15 December, 1726:

113. Copy of Colonel Kane's Letter to Rear-admiral Hopfon, 15 December, 1726, O. S.

114. Copy of Part of Mr. Cayley's Letter to his Grac*. the Duke of Newcastle, 24 December, 1726; N. S.

115. Copy of Sir Charles Wager's Letter to his Grace the Duke of Newcastle, 12 January, 1724-

116. Copy of Sir Charles Wager's Letter to his Grace the Duke of Newcastle, 14 January, 17 24.

117. Copy of Rear-admiral Hop/on's Letter to his Grace the Duke of Newcastle, 24 January, 172-f; inclosing,

118. Copy of the Consul of Malaga's Letter to Rear-admiral Hop/on, 18 January, 17 2f.

119. Copy of Sir Charles Wager's Letter to his Grace

the Duke of Newcastle, 1 F172$.

120. Copy of Sir Charles Wager's Letter to his Grace the Duke of Newcastle, February 5, 1724 j inclosing,

121. Copy of the Disposition of the Squadron under Sir Charles Wager's Command, February 4, 172$:

122. Copy of Intelligence from Admiral Hop/on.

123. Copy of Sir Charles Wager's Letter to his Grace the Duke of Newcastle, 12 February 172-5; intl.ifing,

124. Copy of the Lift of the Ships in the Bay

of Cadiz, 31 January, 1727, N.S.

125. Copy of Consul Cayley's Letter to Colonel Kane,

31 January, 1727, N.S.

126. Copy of Consul Cayley's Letter to Rear-admiral Hopfon, 31 January, N.S. 1727.

127. Copy of Governor Clayton's Letter to the Conde de las Torres, 4J February 1724.

12S. Copy of the Conde's Letter to Governor Clayton,

22 February, 1727, N. S.

129. Copy of Intelligence from

130. Copy of Sir Charles Wagers Letter to his Grace the Duke of Newcastle, 13 February, 1724; inclosing,

131. Copy of a Letter from Malaga, 18 February, 1727, N. S.

132. Copy of the Lift of the Army.

133. Copy of a Letter from Sir Charles Wager to his Grace the Duke of Newcastle, 17 February, 1724; inclosing,

134. Copy of the sealed Orders delivered by Sir Charles

Wager to his Squadron, j January, 1724:

135. Copy of Sir Charles Wager's Orders to the Berwick,

3 and 13 February, 172?.

136. Copy of Sir Charles Wager's Letter to his Grace the Duke of Newcastle, 26 February, 1725 inclosing,

137. Copy of the Abstract of Sir Charles Jour-

nal, 26 February, 1724.

138. Copy of Sir Charles Wager's Letter to his Grace the Duke of Newcastle, 17 March, 172?.

139. Copy of Sir Charles Wager's Letter to his Grace the Duke of Newcastle, 29 March, 1727.

140. Copy of Sir Charles Wager's Letter to his Grace the Duke of Newcastle, 13 A 1727, O S. inclosing,.

141. Copy of the Disposition of Sir Charles Wager's Squadron, 13 April, 1727,

142. Copy of Sir Charles Wager's Letter to his Grace the Duke of Newcastle, 25 April, 1727 j inclosing,

143. Copy of an Account of Ship6 at Cadiz.

144. Copy of Captain Clinton'sLetter to his Grace the Duke of Newcastle, 23 May, 1727,0. S.

145. Copy of Sir Charles Wager's Letter to his Grace the Duke of Newcastle, 26 May, 1727; inclosing,

146. Copy of Intelligence from Cadiz, 441727.

147. Copy of Sir Charles Wager's Letter to his Grace the Duke of Newcastle, 30 May, 17*7.

148. Copy of Sir Charles Wagers Letter to his Grace the Duke of Newcastle, 5 June, 1727; inclosing,

149. Copy of a Letter from Mons. Vinder Meer to Sir Charles Wager,20 June, 1727, N. S.

150. Translation of the same:

151. Copy of a Letter from the Conde de las 'Torres to Sir Charles Wager, June, 24, 1727, N. S.

132. Translation of the same:

153. Copy of a Letter from the Governor of to Sir Charles Wager, 44 Jflne, 1727:

154. Translation of the same:

133. Copy of Sir Charles Wager's Letter to Mons. Vandar Meer,44 June, 1727:

136. Copy of a Letter from Sir Charles Wager to the Conde de las Torres, 44 June, 1727:

157. Copy of a Letter from Sir Charles Wager to the Governor of Cadiz, 44 June, 1727:

1J8. Copy of Sir Charles Wager's Order to the Squadron under his Command, 13 June, 1727.

159. Copy of Sir Charles Wager's Letter to his Grace the Duke of Newcastle, June 18, O. S. 1727 j inclosing,

160. Copy of Sir Charles Wager's Letter to Mons. Fonder Meer, 44 June, 1727:

161. Copy of Sir Charles Wager's Letter to the Conde de las Turret, & June, 1727.

162. Copy

i Geo. II.

24° Martiu

162. Copy of Sir Charles Letter to his Grace

the Duke of Newcastle, June 30th, 1727; inclosing,

163. Copy of Sir Charles s Letter to Vice-

admiral Hojier, June 27, 1727:

164. Copy of a Letter from Mons. Vander Meer to Sir Charles Wager, June 29, 1727* N.S.

165. Translation of the lame.

166. Copy of Sir Charles Wager's Letter to his Grace

the Duke of Newcastle, July 4-J, 1727 j inclosing,

167. Copy of a Letter from Don Francisco de

to Sir Charles Wager, July 14, 1727, N.S.

168. Translation of the same t

169. Copy of Sir Charles Wager's Letter to Don Francisco di Ribadeo, July 1727:

i 70. Copy of a Letter from Mons. Meer to Sir

Charles Wager, 2 July, 1727, N.S.

171. Translation of the same:

.172. Copy of Sir Charles Wager's Letter to Dotl Francisco de Ribadeo, -J-t July, 1727.

173. Copy of a L tter from Don Francijgp de Ribadeo to Sir Charles Wager, 23 July, 1727, N.S.

174. Translation of the lame:

*75. Copy of Sir Charles Wager's Letter to Mons. Vander Meer, 4-J- July, i'll"):

176. Copy of a Letter from Mons. Vander Meer to Sir Charles Wager, 18 July, 1727, N.S.

177. Translation of the fame:

178. Copy of a Letter from the Marquis de to

Mons Vander Meer, 15 July, 1727, N.S.

179. Translation of the same:

180. Copy of a Letter from the Marquis de la Paz to Mons. Vander Meer, 15 July, 1727, N.S.

181. Translation of the same:

182. Copy of Sir Charles Wager's Letter to Mons. Vander Meer, July, 1727.

183. Copy of a Letter from Sir Charles Wager to

his Grace the Duke of Newcastle, 8, 1727;

inclosing,

184. Copy of a Letter from Mons. Vander Meer to Sir Charles Wager, 29 July,*727, N.S.

185. Translation of the lame:

186. Copy of Captain FalkinghAccount, 2,

17tT

187. Copy of Intelligence from the Mailer of the Motley, from Cadiz, 2 A, 1727.

188. Copy of Sir Charles Wager's Letter to his Grace the Duke of Newcastle, August 18, 1727, O. S. inclosing,

189. Copy of a Letter from Mons. Vander Meer to Sir Charles Wager, 12 August, 1727, N.S.

190. Translation of the lame

191. Copy of Captain Purvis's Letter to his Grace the Duke of Newcastle, August 26, 1727.

192. Copy of Sir Charles Wager's Letter to his Grace the Duke of Newcastle, August 30, 1727.

193. Copy of Sir Charles Wager's Letter to his Grace

the Duke of Newcastle, 2 and 5 , 1727, O.S.

194. Copy of Sir Charles Wager's Letter to his Grace the Duke of Newcastle, September 17, 1727, O.S. inclosing,

195. Copy of Sir Charles Wagers Letter to the Conde de Montemar, -H September, 1727:

196. Copy of Sir Charles Wager's Letter to Mons. Vander Meer, -, % September, 1727:

197. Copy of the Conde Letter to Sir

Charles Wager, 25 September, N.S. 1727:

198. Translation of the same:

199. Copy of Sir Charles Wager s Letter to the Conde de Montemar, -J4 September, 1727:

200. Copy of a Letter from Consul Holloway to Sir Charles Wager, 24 SeptemberN.S. 1727.

201. Copy of Sir Charles Wager's Letter to his Grace the Duke of Newcastle, October 28, 1727.

202. Copy of Sir Charles Wager's Letter to his Grace the Duke of Newcastle, October 30, 1727.

203. Copy of Sir Charles Wager's Letter to his Grace the Duke of Newcastle, November 8, 1727.

Vol. 21.

204. Copy of Vice-admiral H Letter to his Grace the Duke of Newcastle, December 17, 1727.

205. Copy of Sir Charles Wager's Letter to his Grace the Duke of Newcastle, January 7, 17

206. Copy of Sir Charles Wager's Letter to his Grace the Duke of Newcastle, January 26, 172^-.

2C7. Copy of Sir Charles Wager's Letter to his Grace the Duke of Newcastle, February ti, 172^; inclosing,

208. Copy of Sir Charles Wager's Orders to Captain Hardy, February 10th, 172^-.

209. Copy of a Letter from Sir Charles Wager to his Grace the Duke of Newcastle, March 16, 172-J-j in* closing,

210. Copy of the Disposition of his Majesty's Ships Under the Command of Sir Charles Wager, 16

*72t*

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to beperufed by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are bound up with the other Papers; of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order, of Friday lall, for further Call of the adjourning the Call of the House until that Day House. Fortnight, be discharged.

Ordered, That the House be called over upon Fridays the Eleventh Day of April next.

Ordered, That such Members as shall not then attend the Service of the House, be sent for in Custodyof the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Kynaston, and Mr. Boroughs'.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Supply Bills for raising the Sum of One million Two hundred and ^.of Fifty thousand Pounds, by Sale of Annuities to the Bank Dumes‘ Ck of England, after the Rate of Four Pounds per . per Annum, redeemable by Parliament; and for applying the Produce of the Sinking Fund j without an^ Amendment:

And also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, supply Bill; An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Land Ta*. Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-nine j , without any Amendment:

And also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, Lichfield.

An Act for repairing the Roads leading from Cannals Gate &c. Road* to the City of Lichfield, and from the said City to Stone, and from thence to the End of the County of Stafford \in the Pod Road towards Chester, and also from the Town of Burton upon Trent to the said City of Lichfield, and from thence to Wood-end, and Ogley-hay, and also from the said City of Lichfield to High,

in the County of Stafford, and the County of the said City of Lichfield; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Bramston reported from the Committee to whom Relief of the Bill for the Relief of insolvent Debtors, was com- inlblveut mitted; that the Committee had gone through the Bill, Debtor*, and had made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next.

Mr. Lowther reported that he having (according to Gihraltarand

Order) been at the Lords, to desire a Conference upon Minorca, the Subject-matter of the last Conference -, the Lords do agree to a Conference, and appoint the same presently, in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Committee who managed the last Conference, do manage this Conference.

Ordered, That the Resolution of the Lords, to which the Lords desired the Concurrence of this House, be delivered to the Lords at the Conferencej and that their

4 D Lordships

Birch9!

Name.

Lord

Molyneux'

Estate.

Persons

Marriage Settlement

Lord Molvneox* Eft ate.

Gorc\«

Marriage

Settlement

.490 24*

Lord ships be acquainted, that this House hath agreed to the said Resolution.

Then the Names of the Managers were called over, and they went to the Conference:

And being returned;

The Lord Malpas reported, that they had been at the

Conference, and acquainted the Lords, that this House hath agreed to the Resolution, to which their Lord ships desired the Concurrence of this House; and had left (he Resolution with the Lords.

An ingrossed Bill to enable , Esquirej

lately called humfrey Wyrley Birch, and his Heirs, and Issue Male, to take and use the Surname of Wyrley, pursuant to the Deed of Settlement, made on the Marriage of Peter Birch, Doctor in Divinity, with the Daughter of Humfrey Wryley, Esquire, deceased, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act to enable Humfrey Wyrley Birch, Esquire, and his Heirs, and Issue Male, to take and use the Surname of Wyrley, pursuant to the Deed of Settlement, made On the Marriage of Peter Birch, Doctor in Divinity, with the Daughter of Humfrey Wyrley, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Ward do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Kinafon and Mr. Boroughs:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for

felling Part of the Settled Estate, lying in the County of Lancaster, of Richard, Lord Viscount Molyneux, in the Kingdom of Ireland, for raising Money to discharge his Father's Incumbrances thereon, and likewise for making Provision for his Brothers and Sillers, and for the Payment of his own Debts, and for settling other Lands as an Equivalent for the same; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

And also, the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting in Trustees the several Manors and Lands ' therein mentioned, the Estate of Henry Perrot, Esquire, in Trust for him, and his Heirs, free from the Charges of his Marriage Settlement, on his settling other Estates, of greater Value, to the same Uses, in lieu thereof; to Which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for feiling Part of the settled Estate, lying in the County of

Laricafier, of Richard, Lord Viscount Molyneux, in the Kingdom of Ireland, for raising Money to discharge his father's Incumbrances thereon, and likewise for making Provision for his Brothers and Sifters, and for the Payment of his own Debts, and for settling other Lands as an Equivalent for the fame, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.;

A Petition of the Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain, trading to the South Seas, and other Parts of America, and for encouraging the Fishery, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that the Petitioners are informed, a Bill is depending in this House, to enable the South Sea Company to advance to the Trustees named in the Marriage Settlement of John Gore, Esquire, and Hannah his Wife, a Sum of Five thousand Pounds therein mentioned, for perfcfling the Intention of the said Settlement; which Bill, if it should pals, will greatly tend to the Petitioners Prejudice, the said Five thousand Pounds being only payable upon certain Contingencies, after the Deceaseot the said John Gore: And praying, that they may be heard by their Cotinfel against the said Bill, or be otherwise relieved, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom

Martii. 1 1728;

(he Bill to enable the South Sea Company to advance to the Trustees named in the Marriage Settlement of John Gore, Esquire, and Hannah, his Wife, a Sum of Money therein mentioned, forperfedting the Intention of the said Settlement, is committed; and that the Petitioners, if they think fit, be heard by their Counsel against the said Bilk before the said Committee.

A Message from the Lords, by the Lord Chief Justice Raymond and Mr. Justice Price:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords desire a Conference with this House immediately, in the Painted Chamber, upon the Subject-matter of the last Conference.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to meet the Lords at a Conference immediately, as their Lordships do desire.

And the Messengers were called in again, and Mr. Speaker acquainted them, that the House had considered their Message, and did agree to meet the Lords at a Conference immediately, as their Lordships do desire.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to manage the said Conference.

Ordered, That the Committee who managed the last Conference, be the Committee to rnanage this Conference.

Then the Names of the Managers were called over, and they went to the Conference:

And being returned;

The Lord Malpas reported, that the Managers had met the Lords at the Conference, which was managed, on the Part of the Lords, by the Lord President; who acquainted them, that the Lords had desired this Conference, to communicate to this House an Address to his Majesty, which the Lords had agreed upon, grounded upon the Resolution of both Houses; to which Address the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And he* read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; where the said Report was read.

And the said Address is as follows , viz.

Most gracious Sovereign,

We, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and in Parliamentafsembled, have, upon mature Deliberation, come to the following Resolution, which we humbly beg Leave to lay before your Majesty;

Resolved, By the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in Parliament assembled, That they do intirely rely upon his Majesty, that he will, for the maintaining the Honour, and securing the Trade of this Kingdom, take effectual Care, in the present Treaty, to preserve his undoubted Right to , and the

Island of Minorca.

And the said Address being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Lords in the said Address.

And then the Blank therein was accordingly filled up by the Clerk with the Word " Commons."

Resolved, That a Conference be desired with the Lords upon the Subject-matter of the last Conference.

Ordered, That the Lord Harry Powlett do go to the Lords, and desire the said Conference.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Borough of Great Bedwin, in the County of Wilts, be received upon WedmJday Morning next.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Charles Dalton,. Gentleman-usher of the Biack Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend his Majesty immediately in the House of Peers.

Accordingly

Gibraltar

and

Minorca.

Great Bed u in Election.

Committed.

Royal Affcnl to &ll>.

2 Geo. It. 240 Martii.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty in the House of Peers:

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, that the House had attended his Majesty in the House of Peers; and that his Majesty had been pleased to give the Royal Afient to the several publick and private Bills following; viz.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great , for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-nine:

An Act for raising the Sum of One million Two hundred and Fifty thousand Pounds, by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England, after the Rate of Four Pounds Centum per Annum, redeemable by Parliament; and for applying the Produce of the Sinking Fund:

An Act for making good t.he Loss occasioned by a Sum of Money being ftojen opt of his Majesty's Exchequer in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-four: An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters: An Act for repairing the Roads leading from Cannals Gate to the City of Lichfield, and from the said City to Stone, and from thence to the End of the County of Stafford, in the Poll Road towards and also from the Town of Burton upon Trent to the said City of Lichfield, and from thence to and Ogle-hay, and

aJlb from the said City of Lichfield to High Bridges, in f the County of Stafford, and the County of the said City

' of Lichfield:

i An Act for exemplifying the fev.ef£l Wills and Codicils

of James, late Earl of Anglefiy, and John, late Earl of Anglesey, and for making the same Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity in Great Britain, and Ireland:'

An Act to enable Thomas , Esquire, and others,

to make Leases of several Manors and Lands in according to the Custom of that County, and of the several Manors in which the same do lie:

An Act for naturalizing Peter , John Stephen

Benezet, Stephen Teijfier, Godfrey Schrtves and others:

An Act for naturalizing John Jacob Dillenius, Bridget Pollard, and John Elout:

An Act for naturalising James Pajfano.

Safe of Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Scptph(/or* obviating any Doubts, or Difficulties, t hat may arise from elte ,te* an Act, passed in the First Year of his present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to explain and amend an Act, pallid " in the Thirteenth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the Sale of such of the forfeited " Estates in that Part of Great Britain called , as

"remain unfold, and are vested in the Crown, and for " determining such Claims on the said Estates, as, having " been duly entered, remain undetermined and that Sir Archibald Grant and Sir James Campbell do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Committee A Motion being made, and the Question put. That it «irriwie$es. be an Instruction to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, that they do not proceed on any Petitions, now before them, complaining of undue Electior.s or Returns, after the Matter of the Petition of William Lock, Esquire, complaining of an undue Elect ion and Return for the Borough of Milborne Port, in the County of Somerset, is heard;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Teller, for the . } ,0S

Teller, for the Noe, . ] 9 *

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The House being informed, that James Barites, William Pindar, and Thomas King, Three of the Persons who were last Thursiday ordered by the House to be committed dole Prisoners to his Majesty's Gaol of Newgate, Voi. 2L

t'vilcge; sftrnj or-‘tred into -tstody.

had, before the riling of the House that Day, upon some private Notice given them of the said Orders of the House for their Commitment, withdrawn themselves, and had not yet surrendered themselves to thp Serjeant at Arms attending this House; and that there were Persons attending at the Door, who could give the House some Account of the Matter;

The said Persons were severally called in, and examined.

And then they withdrew.

The Lord Harry Povslett reported, that he having Gibraltar (according to Order) been at the Lords, to desire a Con- »ntl Minorca, ference upon the Subject-matter of the last Conference; the Lords do agree to a Conference, and appoint the same presently, in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Committee, who managed the last Conference, do manage this Conference.

Ordered, That the Address which was delivered by the Lords at the last Conference, be delivered to the Lords at this Conference; and that their Lordships be acquainted, that this House hath agreed to the said Address. . '

Then the Names of the Managers were called over, and they went to the Conference:

And being returned;

The Lord Malpas reported, that they had been at the Conference, and had acquainted the Lords, that this House had agreed to the Address, to which the Lords desired the Concurrence of this House; and had left the Address with their Lordships.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and

Mr. Boroughs:

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, Tli« King that their Lordships have sent to his Majesty, to know appoints to what Time he would be pleased to appoint to be attended attended* with the Address of both Houses, his Majesty hath been pleased to appoint Tomorrow, at Two of the Clock, at his Palace of St. James j and that the Lords do intend to be there at that Time.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Refiohed, That this House will, upon Wednesday Wayj Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the and Meant, whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning Supply,

next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The House (according to Order) proceeded to take into Consideration the Report from the Committee to whom the Petition of the incorporate Company of Clothiers in the City of Worcefte and also the Petition of the Weavers, Walkers, and Fullers, of the Clothing Trade, in the City of Worcester, and also the Petition of the Mayor, Justices, and Grand Jury, of the City and County of the City of Worceft, in General Quarter Sessions, held by Adjournment, were referred.

And the Report was read, and is as follows; viz.

That the Committee proceeded to examine the Matter of the said Petitions; and, to prove the Allegations thereof, the Petitioners called the following Witnesses; viz.

Mr. Joseph Turner, Clothier; who, being examined, laid, that since the Act passed, whereby the Italian Trade is restrained, they have felt a sensible Decay of their Trade, and it is now in a very low Condition: The Merchants who formerly bought the Worcester Cloths, now buy a fort of Cloths which are considerably worse, and can be afforded a great deal cheaper than theirs, and are exported by the Merchants under the Denomination of Worcester Cloths; which is very prejudicial to their Trade:

That

Turkey

Trade.

5

a 9 i 24® — 2

Turkey ' That the Price of Wool ih Worceferpiire is much lef-Trade. fened, since the Italian Trade has been restrained, the Turkey Merchants not buying the fine Cloths now, as they used to do when the Trade was open, but have since bought the low-price Cloths, made at other Places: The Cloth which was formerly sold at 1 per Yard, they now (ell for 11 s. and good Cloths have been

(bid to the Turkey Company for per Yard: There is also a Difference of 6 or 7 s. less in making a Piece of Cloth now, than there was 10 Years ago; and the Length of the Cloths, when made, is about Yards; and they are frequently sold to the Merchants wet, who have them stretched 10 Yards longer; which is the Merchant's Profit, but a great Prejudice to the Cloth; and, unless the Merchants have that Advantage, they will not buy the Cloth.

And he said, about Seven Years ago he paid or 5 jr. in the Pound to the Poor, but within these Three Years bast hath paid full 8 s.in the Pound; and, should t continue so much longer, Numbers of Families who save helped to fbpport the Poor, will be in want of it themselvesj but, if the Trade was free and open, it would make them flourish again.

Mr. John Poole said, that from 1715 to 1720 upwards

of 4,000 Cloths were made for Turkey yearly, at which time there were near 80 Clothiers, and about 40O Looms; and at present there are about 20 Clothiers* and 190 Looms; and that each Loom gives Employment to 40 or 50 People: That Two Men, and a Quil Boy, are a Month in weaving a Cloth, the Workmanship of which costs 25 r. the Cloth on the Loom is near 12 Quarters wide* which loses one half in the milling of it; and that there is Cloth now at Blackwell Hall, which has been there Seven Years; and believes, the Reason is, for want of an open Trade.

William Drew and John , Weavers, said, that

about Seven or Eight Years ago they used to get 7 or 8 a Week each with more Ease, than they can get 4 a lDay each now; and, when they came to the Trade, there was about 80 Clothiers, and above 300 Matter Weavers, in and about the City of; and that the Trade

has been decaying ever since the Peace of Utrecht.

Mr. Thomas Bingo said, he was an apprentice to a Fine-drawer in London, and has fecn Cloths come to the Packers, and ordinary Ones, which, when tilletted by them, have been sealed, and a WorcesterMark put upon them, with the Contents, and Colour, which have not been Cloths, and not so good as those Cloths; and this was practised for Four or Five Years, as he remembers; which is very prejudicial to the Trade: That he now

pays ior. in the Pound to the Poor; and, without speedily relieved, this will be their Ruin.

Mr. Turner said, they fell their Goods at Three Months Credit to the Merchants, who very often keep them out of it 18 Months; which is a great Hardship upon them.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to this Resolution; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Petitioners have fully proved the Allegations contained in their Petitions.

And a Motion being made, and the Question^Jut, That the further Consideranon of the said Report be adjourned till Wednesday Morning next;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas, Seluyn:} 43-

Tellers for the Noes|^rr^m ^a.w . j 39.

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the Resolution of the Committee being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That the Petitioners have fully proved the Allegations contained in their Petitions.

Then a Motion was made, and the Question being 21

50 Mar Hi. A. 1728.

put, That Leave be given-to bring in a Bill for giving Liberty to all his Majesty's Subjects of this Kingdom to trade to Turkey, and to oblige all Clothiers to weave their Names, and Places of Abode, on each Cloth they shall make for the future;

It passed in the Negative.

The House being moved, that dn Act, made in the

Sixth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, cap. 14. for pro- 1

hibiting the Importation of raw Silk, and Mohair Yarn, from the Places therein mentioned, might be read;

The said Act was read. ' f

And a Motion being made, and the Question proposed* <-

That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal an Act, 1*

of the Sixth Year of his late Majesty King , inti- w

tuled, " An Act for prohibiting the Importation of raw f

" Silk, and Mohair Yarn, of the Product or Manufacture s

ft of Asia, front any Ports or Places in the Straits, or n

" Levant Seas, except such Ports and Places, as are I1!

" within the Dominions of the Grand Seignior;" - p

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon.

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Greenwich b

Whole House, to whom the Bill for the more effectual Hospital E

collecting in Great Britain and Ireland, and other Parts DttUe‘' ,j

of his Majesty's Dominions, the Duties granted for the Support of the royal Hospital at Greenwich, was com- \

mitted, be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Scawen, Mr. Sir James Enquiry into -i

Thornhill, Mr. Moor, Dr. Sayer, Mr. , Mr, the S ate

Halsey, Sir Tho. Lowther, Mr. Kobivfon, Mr. Finch, of Gaoli. t

Mr. Norris, be added to the Committee appointed to,

enquire into the State of the Gaols of this Kingdom. r

, 1 r

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow p

Morning, Nine of the Clock,

Martisy 2 5# die Martii;

Anno a* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1718. .!

Prayers. > jj

THE House being informed, that Mr. Oxenford, Lawn»,kc. p from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended i'nPc'r;ilU [ at the Door, he was called in, and at the Bar, presented

to the House, pursuant to their Order, An Account of all Lawns, and Cambricks imported from France, j,

and Holland, from Christmas, 1716, to 1747,

distinguishing the Quantities every Year imported, and -

the Places from whence they came; together with a Return of the Commissioners of the Customs relating to the,

said Account.

And then he withdrew. *.

And the Titles of the said Account and Return were read. a

Ordered, That the said Account and Return do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account and Return are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Perrot'i for vesting in Trustees the several Manors and Lands Marine therein mentioned, the Estate of Henry Perrot, Esquire, in Settlement. 1 Trust for him, and his Heirs, free from the Charges of 1

his Marriage Settlement, on his settling other Estates, of greater Value, to the same Uses, in lieu thereof, was 1

read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House (according to Order) resumed the adjourned importation Debate upon the Motion made Yesterday, for repealing of raw Silk, the Prohibition of raw Silk, and Mohair Yarn, of from the Straits, or Levant Seas.

Ordered,

a Geo. II. 15 — 2 of

Ordered, That JLeave be given to bring in a Bill to -repeal an Act of the Sixth Year of his late Majesty King George, intituled, "An Act for prohibiting the Importa- tion of raw Silk, and Mohair Yarn, of the Product or " Manufacture of Asia, from any Ports or Places in the Straits, or Levant Seas, except such Ports and Places, as are within the Dominions of the Grand " Seignior," and that Mr. Mr. Winnington, Sir

John Rufhout, and Sir Wm. do prepare, and bring

in, the fame.

Swih S*a The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Company, Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to discharge the Trustees, appointed by an Act, of the Seventh Year of his late Majesty's Reign, for railing Money upon the Estates of the late Directors of the South Sea Company, and others of their Trust, and to vest in the said Company such of the Estates, which were vested in the said Trustees, as remain undisposed of, as also the Produce of such Estates and Effects, as have been disposed of by the Trustees.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gybbon took the Chair ofjhe Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gybbon reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report} when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received lipon Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Spinlefidd* Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning faiiAi. next, rrfove itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for making the Hamlet of in

the Parish of Saint J)u>ifian Stebxnheath, alias Stepney, in the County of Middlesex, a distinct Parish,. and for providing a Maintenance for the Minister of such new Parish.

Oices and Rfohed, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning imfiojmeoo. next) resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for indemnifying Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices or Employments within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; and for repealing so much of an Act of Parliament, passed in the First Year of his late Majesty King George the First, as requires Persons to qualify thesn-selves for Offices or Employments within three Months, and for limiting other Times for such Qualifications.

Newcaftii Ordered, That the hearing the Matter of the Petition upon Tine of Wm. Carr, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election EWhon. an(j Return for the Town and County of upon

fine, be further adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eleven of the Clock.

Gtttiwkh The House (according to Order) took into Considera-Hospital tion the Report from the Committee of the whole House, ntl"' to whom the Bill for the mote effectual col left ing in Great Britain and Ireland, and Olhcr.Part of his Majesty's Dominions, the Duties- granted for the Support of the royal Hospital ar Greenwich, was committed.

And the Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

AnIVtr to Me. Treasurer reported to the House, that their Ad-Addicfi, dn;!^ of fuefday, the Eleventh Day of March instarit. That his Majesty would be graciously. pleased to direct the pioper Officers to lay betoue this House, a particular and distinct Account of the Distribution of the Sum of Sixty thousand Pounds, which, in an Account laid Vol. 21.

Mar Hi, 295

before this House, shewing, how the Money, given for the Service of the Year 1728, has been disposed of, is charged to have been issued to perfect and fulfil the Obligations* his Majesty is under on account of Engagements, entered into, and concerted, for securing the Trade and Navigation of this Kingdom, and for restoring, and preserving the Peace of Europe, had been presented to his Majesty j and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that the Sum of Money, mentioned in this Address, has been issued and disbursed, pursuant to the Power given to his Majesty by Parliament, for necessary Services and Engagements entered into, for restoring and preserving the Peace of Europe, and which require the greatest aecrefy; and therefore a particular and distinct Account of the Distribution of it cannot possibly be given, without a manifest Prejudice to the Publick.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

t ——

Mercurl'ty 26* die Martji$

Anno 2* Georgii 11" Regis, 1729*

Prayers.

/\RDERED, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill Importation for better employing the Poor, by encouraging the " Manufactures of this Kingdom, in rendering more effectual the federal Laws now in force} for preventing the bringing into this Kingdom any Wrought Silk, or Silks mixed with Gold or Silver, or any other Materials, and for preventing the great Importation of lawns, and Cambricks, which have beep found to be greatly detrimental to this Kingdom, by exhausting the Treasure thereof; and that Captain /Vrvwf, Sir John, Act ley, Sir Edward Stanley, and Sir Tfrotpas Hales, do prepare/ and bring in, the fame. ' ,

The House proceeded (according to Order) to the hear- Newcastle ing the Matter of the Petition of Wil Esquire, "P011 7'ine complaining of an undue Election and Return, fix the Eleaioni Town and County of Newcastle upon fine.

And the Counsel were caltt^l in, and the Petition was read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioner, and for Mr. Fenwick, were heard, none appearing to defend, the Election of Sir Wiliam Blackett. 1

And the Petitioner's Counsel examined Witnesses, to disqualifv several of the Voters for Sir;

and went through their Evidence.

And the Counsel, and Witnesses, being withdrawn;

And the Question being put, Tt)?f Sir Wm. }

Baronet, deceased, was duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Towp of Newcastle upon fine, in the County of Northumberland j,

It passed in the Negative.

Mr. Fenwick withdrew.

Resolved, nemine contradicente. That Nicholas Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in tthis present Parliament for the said Town of Newcastle upon fine.

Resolved, That William Can, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess, to serve ip this present Parliament for the said Town of Newcastle upon fine.

Ordered, That the Clerk of* the Crown do attend this House.Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return for the Town of Newcastle upon fine, in the County of Northumberland, by rafing out the Name of Sir Wm.

Baronet, and inserting the Name of William Carr,

Esquire, instead thereof.

Mr. Speaker reported} that both Houses attended his Answer to Majesty Yesterday with their Address, to which his AddrtO. Majesty was pkaled to give this most gracious Answer;

viz,.

4 E My

t

Government of Gibraltar*

294 26° Martii. A. 1729,

T an,t ^t\emen, ' receive Alms* and that they had heard, there was a

will \S+ you fot the Confidence jepose tn me* I Charter, but that it was delivered up: And said, that

take effectual Care, as I have hitherto done, to the Freeholders, though they did not live within the f UA^m^ un<^ou^tec^ to Gibraltar^ and the Island Borough, have also voted; and that Certificate Men ot Minorca. . were not allowed. And Robert Byrd said, there was no

. such Qualification requited, as Forty Days Possession-;

_ A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, and that it was a general Rule, to let Houses for Four Or-That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty* Five Days at the Time of an Election; and that the that he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, for same was done at Lord s and Mr. Pollexfen' % Elec-the establishing a civil Government at Gibraltar 3 tion jn jyo8; and that they never knew any body refilled,

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the for want of Forty Days Possession; and that the taking Question, by inserting, after the Word " Directions," of Houses against Elections is fousual, that they take no these Words, "that an Account be laid before this Notice of it.

House, of what Proceedings have been had." Walter Bartholomew spoke for Sixty-four Years, and

And the said Amendment was', upon the Question, confirmed the former Evidence as to the Right of Elec-agreed unto by the House. tion; and said, he reckoned, that Inhabitants should be

Another Amendment was proposed to be made, by Forty Day# in Possession before an Election; but be adding, at the End of the Question, these Words, knows of none refilled for want of it; and that no split " and for declaring the same a free Port." Votes were allowed.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question, The Petitioner's CpUnfel infilled on the Resolution, agreed unto by the House. entered in the Journal 6® Anna, 1707;

Then the Question, so amended, was put, and agreed when it was resolved. That the Right of Election was in unto by the House, as followeth; viz. the Freeholders, and the Inhabitants of ancient Burgage

Rrfolvei, That an humble Address be presented to his Houses.

Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to give Di- The fitting Member's Counsel infilled, that the Right rections, that an Account be laid before this House, of of Election is in the Freeholders, and Inhabitants ot what Proceedings have been had, for the establishing a ancient Messuages within the said Borough, and upon civil Government at Gibraltar, and for declaring the the Common, having been in the Possession Forty Days same a free Port. before such Election;, and called

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Patrick , John John Cummins 3 who spoke

Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his for Thirty Years, and upwards; and said, that Forty Majesty's tnoft honourable Privy Council; nf a RnroaH

Newtowne

EJe&ion.

Days Possession of a Burgage House was required; and that no other Parishioners were allowed to vote; but they did not know of any body refused voting, for want of such Possession.

Thereupon the Committee came to the following Resolution::

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

1.

A Motion being made, and the Question put. That the Matter of the Petition of the honourable Charles ArmandPoivlett, and Sir John Barrington, Baronet, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Newtowne, in the Isle of Wight, in the County of Southampton, presented to this House upon the Twenty- That the Right of Election of Burgesses, to serve in second Day of January last, and referred to the Com- Parliament for the Borough of Great Bedwin, in the mittee of Privileges and Elections, be heard at the Bar County of Wilts, is in the Freeholders, and Inhabitants of this House; r

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes, j ^.

166.

147.

Brduyn

Election.

of ancient Burgage Messuages.

rp* t) 11 (For the fitting Member, - - 64:

The Poll was, > Petitfonerj

The Petitioner's Counsel infilled upon Twelve Votes to be added to the Petitioner's Poll, being refused by the Portreve; and objected to his Partiality, and illegal Practices, by polling only such Voters, as he thought propet, which he called by a List he had for that Purpose: And called

John Beale 3 who laid, that the Lift, produced by the Portreve, contained the Voters for Lord which

Lift being called over, they were first polled: Thar, after Mr. Earle (according to Order) reported from the John Savage had polled, Twenty-four Persons attempted Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it to poll for the Petitioner, but that Twelve of them only appeared to them, touching the Election lor the Borough were admitted to vote; the remaining 'T'- — '

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House upon the Twenty-

second Day of April next.

of Great Bedwyn, in the County of Wilts, and the Relo-

Jutions of the Committee thereupon; which Report he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read; and the Report and Resolutions of the Committee, are as follows;

Upon the Petition of William S/oper, Esquire, complaining of an undute Election and Return of the honourable George Legg, Esquire, commonly called Lord Lewifham, for the said Borough:

That the Committee had examined the Merits of the Election as to the said contending Parties.

That the Counsel for the Petitioner'insisted, that this Borough is a Borough by Prescription; and that the

to vote; the remaining Twelve were refused: That the Bailiff, Officers, and other People, made a Croud, and Tumult, to prevent the Voters from coming to poll for the Petitioner: That Mr. a

Steward to Lord Bruce, gave them very ill Language publickly; and that Mr. Sloper demanded a Scrutiny, but was -refused: Said, be knew the Twelve Persons, that offered their Votes; and that Ten of them were substantial Inhabitants.

Robert Bird spoke to Thirty Years 3 and laid, that he had been Portreve Three times; and that the Poll was taken in his Time, by calling over the-Voters, as the Streets lie; which prevented Confusion: That at this lift Election it was not so j and that the - Lord Lewifham'

Right of Election is in the Freeholders, and Inhabitants Voters were admitted first to poll, and the Petitioner's of ancient Messuages within the Borough; and called were kept back by the Bailiffs, and other Officers.

‘Thomas Rofter, Thomas Street, and Robert Byrd; who That, to add to the Petitioner's Poll Twelve Persons, spoke for Fifty, Forty, and Thirty Years pall; and said, it was proved by Robert Bird, Alexander , Richard that Freeholders, and Leaseholders of ancient Burgage Farmer, Walter Bartholomew, that Eleven of the Twelve Houses, not recemng Alms, always voted; and that new were Freeholders, or Inhabitants of ancient Bbrgaee Houses, built on olo. Foundations, did so like wife: And Houses; and that the Inhabitants of such Houses had

laid, that the Commoners have also voted, that did not always voted at former Elections.

Robert

a Geo. II. 26° Martii. 295

Robert Bird spoke to the Right of Robert Grace t That his Daughter, the Widow Btunfdm, lived in the Burgage House, which always had voted at former Elections j and that lhe, falling to Decay, and being poor, fold the House to Robert Grace, her Father.

That Thirty-six were objected to, that voted for the fitting Member: Three of which were given up by the fitting Member.

Alexander Ryder, Robert Bird, and John , laid, that

Thomas Batten had a Freehold Burgage, which he had let to Thomas Sand ford: That lie put up a Chimney in a back Part, where he lived; for which he voted:

And gave F.vidence, that Eleven others were not Freeholders, and did not inhabit ancient Burgage Houses within the Borough at the Time of the Election.

Roger Hall, one of the Overseers of pro-

duced a Certificate; by which it appeared, that in 1725, John Arnold, and Family, were PariQiioners of Buckelbury.

Henry Hall and Robert' Beaumont gave Evidence, that GabrielSelwood was a poor Man, and received Three Pounds of the Overseers of Great Bedwin 1 but gave a Note for the lame.

John Beale gave Evidence to Five Persons, viz.

Corp, John Long, Thomas Street, Stephen Dore, and Edward

Cummin, who voted for Freeholds, but refilled to produce their Titles, when required by the Petitioner.

Walter Bartholomew,^ spoke for upwards of 6oYcars, gave Evidence, that Eleven persons voted for the fitting Member, for split Messuages, and Messuages creded on new Foundations: When he knew the Town first, there were not above Threeicorc and Ten Voters, and how, he believes, there are near Six Score; and that he has lived in the Town about Seventy-four Years, excepting Three or Four Years, that he was absent:

That, since the Election, the old Portreve, Mr. William Darrell, offered him Twenty Pounds, and to renew his Lease: That the Portseve's Son likewise offered him a Lease for Twenty-one Years, if he would not attend this Committee j wh:ch he refused.

Being cross-examined, he said, he always vote;d for Lord Bruce's, Friends at former Elections; but his Lordship not using him so kindly as others, at the last Election he voted otherwise; and that at the Election of Lord Bruce, and Mr. Longueville, Lord Bruce gave all the Voters, except bimlelf. Ten Pounds a-piece, after the Election was -over.

Alexander Newman gave Evidence, that a Servant to Lord Bruce (John Long) asked his vote at the last Election

for his Lordship's Two Friends: That he offered to vote for one; and, because he would not give both his Votes for my Lord's Friends, he took him by the Nose, and pulled the Skin off, in a publick Kitchen, the Sunday before the Election; And that his Lordship sent for him, and told him, he would take his House from him, if he did not serve him.

Robert Miller laid, that John Long threatened an Assault upon his Matter, Mr. if he came to.

Town, and that he would tread his Guts out.

The Counsel for the fitting Member, as to the Method of taking the Poll, called Patrick Bird; who laid, that he had been Portreve j and he remembers Bing and Spence Portreves: That at Elections the Voters have been called by Lift, from House to House, by Streets: That he took them by Memory: And said, there is above One hundred Voters j and that sometimes they were called by their Houses.

Then the Counsel for the fitting Member objected to Eleven of the Lift of Twelve, proposed to be added to the Petitioner's Poll; and called Joseph Bally, John Comyns, and John; who gave . Evidence, that John Barns was got into a House of Mr. Corps at the Time of the Election: That he was there some Nights and Days; it was empty about Six Months before the Election; but can't say how he got into Possession: That he was seen to work there, and can give no Account of what Goods he had: That his Wife did not Vot. 91.

live with him at the Vote-house, but At another House: And John Long said, there was no Door, or Wall, to it, a great while after the King's Death: That it lay open, and all the Pigs in the Town lay in it;

John Talmage, John Comyns, gave Evidence as to

Edward Difmore, that the House, be voted for, was let to

Elizabeth Baker at the Time of the Election} and that the Overseers paid the Rent; and it Was some time after the Election, before lhe was Carried to the Workhouse.

Roger Hall, the Churchwarden and Overseer, said, that he took the said Elizabeth Baker into the Workhouse,. and paid Nine Shillings and Seven Pence for her Rent, a few Days before the EledionAnd said, (he was in the Workhouse at the Time of the Election.

John Talmage, John Long, gave Evidence to ‘Thomas Early} and said, that he and his Son were both in Possession of the House at the Time of the Election; but that the House belonged to )Villiam, the Son: And proved the original Lease to dated 5 ,

1726; and that he had Possession ever since.

Patrick Bird and John Bartholomew gave Evidence as to Edward Lewis; and'said, that he lived with his Father in Barton Lane, and had no House; and it was laid, he voted for Thomas Rosier's House: That Edward Mills lived in a split Tenement; and that James Fisher was not an Inhabitant Forty Days before the Election: That he changed Houses with the Widow Vincent, about Three Weeks before the Election, and about a Fortnight after, returned again to his own House.

John Comyns, Patrick Bird, gave Evidence, that Robert Grace lived at Pangley at the Time of the Election; and that he voted for the Widow Brmfdens House; and that Hie was in Possession at the Time of the Election; and that he had no House in Town; That his Goods, and Family, remained at Pangley.

John Talmage, John Vivash, could not speak certain to Francis Sand ford', but gave Evidence as to John Dixon, that he voted for Thomas Vivafh's House, who has lived Seven Years in it, and is now in Possession; and produced an Order of the Quarter Sessions at Warminster, for. removing him and his Family, 'to Ramsbury, dated 16 July.

Joseph Bally, John Comyns, Patrick Bird, gave Evidence, that the House, Jason Early voted for, was an ancient Burgage House: And Patrick Bird spoke to Edward Tidcomb, and Edtvard Davis', and said, they voted for new-built Hoofes, that had not been voted for before: Believed, Davis's House was not rebuilt on the old Foundation j but said, he did not remember the* building: Said, it is on Church Land; and believes, i3 within the Borough.

That, on the fitting Member's Part, to re-qualify Seventeen of the Thirty-six, first objected to,

John Talmage, Patrick Bird, and several others, gave Evidence, that Four were Freeholders, and Inhabitants of Burgage Houses, at the Time of the Election, and since j but did not produce the Title Deeds to their Freeholds: That Six were Inhabitants of ancient Burgage Houses;

That Robert Hall voted for a Burgage House, but lived out of the Borough:

That Four others produced their Title Deeds; by which it appeared, that they were possessed of ancient Burgage Houses; viz. Wm. Early, Stephen Dore, Edward Comyns, and John Long:

That, as to Gabriel Selwood, he had received Three Pounds of the Overseers of the Poor, and gave a Note for the fame, dated gd October, 1726; and it appears charged on the Overseers Book, and, by the same Account, was repaid in April, 17*8:

That John Arnold lived in an ancient Burgage House at the Time of the Election.

Then the Counsel for the fitting Member proceeded to disqualify Fifteen of the Petitioner's Voters; and called John Vivash, John Comyns, John Talmage, and others-r The First of which spoke for Sixty-six Years: That they believed. Four Persons voted for the Petitioner for Freeholds, and that they could give no Account of them:

That

<3fh<

Bcdwyii.

Election.

396

26°r — 27" Martii.

A.

Great

Stdwyn lc&ion.

That Two voted fot new-erefled Tenements, not on old Foundations:

That Two voted for split Tenements:

That Four voted as Inmates:

That One received Alms:

And that Two did not reside within the Borough at die Time of the Election.

in Answer to these Objections, the Petitioner's Counsel

1729.

Tellers for the Noes,

jii9.

CMr. Sambroke,

'(Mr.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Third Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return for the

produced several Deeds; whereby it appeared, that Robert Borough of Great in the County of Wilts, by

Bird, junior, Alexander Newman, junior, John Savage,

Join Ivey, and William Ivey, Were Freeholders.

Robert Bird said, that John Helton voted for a Burgage House, built on an old Foundation: That the House has been voted for Thirteen Years; and the old House, that was pulled down, was voted for before:

That John Strange was possessed of an ancient Burgage House at the Time of the Election, but did not live in it, because itwas crazy; The House went at 14 or 15.

a Year; That he kept his Horses and Carts there: That it was to be rebuilt; and that Mr. Ball voted for it at the former Election.

Walter Bartholomew confirmed the former Evidence;

as to Hilton; and spoke to Ambrose Heath, Richard Barlho-

lemfw, Edward Difmore, junior, and William Morgan; Morning,

and said, that Heath and Bartholomew were Inhabitants of Burgage Houses at the Time of the Election, and Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Two or Three Years before: That Difmore took his next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, House from the Lady-day before the Election: That he to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the paid Three Pounds a Year Rent. That he saw the Supply granted to his Majesty.

rating out the Name of the honourable George Legg,

Esquire, commonly called Lord and inserting

the Name of Wm. Sloper, Esquire, in Head thereof.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That thi* House will, upon Friday Morning s,« next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, of 1 upon the Bill for the better luppressing of Piracy, and for giving all Prizes, taken from the Enemy, to the Captors.

prefioa 'irac j.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Relief of insolvent Debtors, was committed, be taken into Consideration Tomorrow

Relief of

insolvrnt

Debtors.

Money paid: That he has a Family, and lbmetimes lived in the Bake house; and that Wm. Morgan has voted Thirty or Forty Years; and 'tis his own House.

Richard ‘tamer said, William Hill was an Inhabitant of a new House, built about Six Years on an old Foundation: That he has known it 30 Years; and that it was always voted for:

And said, that William Fivash,]\ynxsas, lived in an ancient Burgage House at the Time of -the Election, and before, and since, the Election: That he bought it of his Grandfather; and that he has seen the Lease,

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Way.

and Means.

Comminttf,

Jovis, 270 Martii;

Anno a* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1729.

Prayers.

THE Clerk of the CroWn attended, and (according Rrtum, to Order) amended the Return for the Town of amended. Spreadbury, dccealed: That he lived in a House at the Newtajlle upon in the County of Northumberland,

Time of the Election: That he never asked Alms, nor ancj a|f0 the Return for the Borough of Great in

received any: That they were Overseers for the Two last r|)c bounty of Years: That his House, and his Goods, were not u ifposed

OThat Vaughan, Esquire, have Leave of

Leave to go into the Country for Six Weeks, upon Absence. extraordinary Occasions.

of before his Death: That he died about a Quarter of a Year ago; was reputed well to pass: That he had no other Family, but a Wife: And Beamont believed, his Grandchildren might receive Charity.

Richard Street was infilled on to be a good Vote on the fitting Member's Evidence

Mr. Potenger reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Committee came to the following Resolutions; the more efte6lual putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the Twejfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, iijtrtuled, " An Act for the sale of several Estates of He/try Grey, Esquire, " in the County of Southampton, and for settling other " Estates, of equal Value, in the Counties of Berks and Wilts, to the same Uses," was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and

Grey'.

Eftaw*.

VIZ.

2. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the honourable George Legg, Esquire, commonly galled Lord. Lewifham, is not duly elected a Burgess, to feme in this present Parliament for the Borough of Great Bedwin, in the County of Wilts. j, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Wm.Sloper, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess, to found the'farn7to be true; and that the Parties concerned

ferye ih this present Parliament for the Borough ot Great Bedwin, in the County of Wilts.

Tl>e First Resolution, being read a Second time, was.

upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question put. That the House doth agree with the Committee in tire said Resolution, That the honourable George Legg, Esquire, commonly called Lord is not duly

elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough ot Great Bedzoin, in the County of Wilts-,

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas,' Mr‘

I Mr. Bowes i

150.

had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directedhim to report the Bill to the House, without ariy Amendment:

And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

The said Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Potenger do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the feme, without any Amendment.

Mr. Cockbum, from the Commissioners for executing AppUcatim* the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, for Proton presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his*

Majesty, Copies of all Applications, made in the Year 1727, for Cruisers, to protect the Trade, with an-Account of what was done thereupon; together with a Schedule of the said Papers.

And

2 Geo. II. l7a MartiL 297

And the said Schedule was read, and Is as followeth;

viz.

9 Feb. 1724. 1. The Petition of the Merchants trading to Africa, for Protection for their Trade.

15 Mar. 1724. 2. Portugal Merchants desire Two

Cruisers, of 16 Guns each, to protect their Trade.

15 Mar. 172^. 3. The Minute* taken at the Admiralty Board, on the aforesaid Petition of the Portugal Merchants.

24 Mar. 171-$-. 4. Copy of the Minute, taken at the Admiralty Board, on the Petition of the Virginia Merchants for Cruisers, to protect their Trade.

30 Mar. 172-f. 5. The Petition* and Representation* of the Consul and Factory residing at , in the Kingdom of Portugal, for Protection for their Trade.

30 Mar. 1724. 6. Copy of a Minute, taken at the Admiralty Board, on the aforesaid Petition! of the Consul and Factory at Oporto.

23 May, 1727. 7. Copy of the Petition of Sir

Delme, and other Merchants, trading to , for

protecting their Trade.

43 May, 1717. 8. Copy of a Minute* taken at the Admiralty Board, on the said Petition.

13 May, 1727. 9. Copy of Mr. Burchett's Letter to Sit Peter Delme, relating to the Portugal Trade:

12 June, 1727. 10. Copy of the Petition of the

Merchants of London, trading to for Protection

for their Trade.

13 June, 1727. 11. A Copy of the Minute* takeh at the Admiralty Board, on the said Petition of the African Merchants.

22 December, 1727. 11. Memorandum, relating to the Feversham, her failing this Day towards the Goaft of Africa. t

Ordered, That the said- Papers be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Petition of the several Merchants, and others, trading to from the Port

of Ltverpoo/e, in the County Palatine of Lanctifter, in behalf of themselves and many others, and also the Petition of the incorporated Society of Merchant-adventurers within the City of Bristol, and also the Petition of divers Merchants, and others, trading to Portugal, Spain, and Italy, &c. in behalf of themselves, and many others, and also the Petition of several Merchants, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves* and many others, trading to and from the Jlland of and Parts adjacent.

The said Papers are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Wilts Writ. Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the eleCling a Knight of the Shire, to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Wilts, in the room of Sir James Long, Baronet, deceased.

5jje of Sir Archibald Grant presented to the House (according

Scotch' to Order) a Bill for obviating any Doubts or Difficulties, forfeited that may arile from an Act, passed in the First Year of Efhtes. jjs present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to explain and " amend an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of his " late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the Sale " of such of the forfeited Estates in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, as remain unfold, and are vested " in the Crown, and for determining such Claims on the " said Estates, as, having been duly entered, remain " undeterminedj" and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Depilating Mr. Bertie presented to the House (according to Order) Thames a Bill for making more effectual several Acts passed. Watermen, rcjating to Watermen, Wherrymen, and Lightermen, c' > rowing on the River Thames, and for better ordering and governing such Watermen, Wherrymen, and Lightermenj and the same was received, and read the First time.

Vol. SI.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time

Sir William Scrickland presented to the House (accord- Regulating ing to Order) a Bill for the better qualifying and regu- Attorniwand lating Attornies and Solicitors, and Persons practising as Solicitors, such; and the same was received, and read the First time. i

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Gybbon (according to Order) reported from thi Sooth Sea Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to Company, discharge the Trustees, appointed by an Act, of the Seventh Year of his late Majesty's Reign, for raising Money upon the Estates of the late Directors of the South Sea Company, and others of their Trust, and to vest in the said Company such of the Estates, which were "

vested in the said Trustees, as remain undisposed of, as also the Produce of such Estates and Effects, as have been disposed of by the Trustees, was committed, the Amendments, the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House:

And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table j where the said Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: >.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The House proceeded (according to Order) to take Relief of into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to insolvent Whom the Bill for the Relief of insolvent Debtors, was Debtor*, committed.

And the Amendmetits, made by the Committee to the said Bill, were once read throughout, and several of them, being read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Monday next. Twelve of the Clock.

Ordered, That Joseph Banks, Esquire, have Leave to Leave of go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Absence. Occasions.

The Order being read, for the House to resolve itself spanidi into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further Depredation* of the Petition of the several Merchants, and others* Trade1"1"0 trading to America from the Port of Liverpoole, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, in behalf of themselves, and many others, and also the Petition of the incorporated Society of Merchants-adventurers within the City of Bristol, and also the Petition of divers Merchants, and others, trading to Portugal, Spain, and Italy, &c. in behalf of themselves, and many others, and also the Petition of several Merchants, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many others, trading toand from the Island of Sicily, and- Parts adjacent;

Ordered, That the Copies of Instructions, and Letters, from his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State to Sir John Jennings, Vice-admiral Hopfon, Sir Charles Wager,

and Sir George Walton, as also the Copies of Letters from the said Admirals and Commanders, and from other'

Officers, employed in his Majesty's Squadron in the Mediterranean, to the Principal Secretaries of State, since the Year 1725, until the Time of the Arrival of the King of Spain's Orders in the West Indies for the Execution of the Preliminaries, presented to the House on Monday last, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do take into their Consideration all Papers, which have, been referred to them.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Wimington took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Winnington, reported from the Committee, that the Committee had heard some others of the Petitioners, and examined several Witnesses, and had made a further 4 F Progress

398

270- — -28°

A.

Progress in the Matters referred to them; and that the Committee had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning

next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, toconsider further of the Petition of the several Merchants, and others, trading to America from the Port of Liver pools, in the County Palatine of L in behalf of themselves, and many others, and also the Petition of the

1729.

That the Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, bearing Date the Twenty-sixth Day of February last, have'examined the Matter of the said Petitions.

That the Petitioners laid before the Committee the Charter, of the Twenty-fourth of Henry the Sixth; by which it appeared, the Limits dnd Bounds of the City of Rochejltr extend, by Water, from Sheerness, which is the Mouth of the River Medivay, to in the i'aia

incorporated Society of Merchants-adventurers within the River; and it therein further appeared, that the Execution City of Bristol, and also the Petition of divers Merchants, of the Office of Admiral, exclusive of the Admiralty of

and others, trading to Portugal, Spain, and Italy, kc. England, within such Limits, was granted to the Bailiff in behalf of themselves, and many others, and also the and Citizens of as also all royal Ft fh, and all

Petition of several Merchants, whose Names are thereunto Fines and Penalties, arising within the said Limits.

And they likewise produced to the Committee a Charter, of the Fifth of Charles the Firstj by which it appeared, all former Privileges and Jurisdictions were confirmed to the then Mayor and Citizens of and their Successors.

That there was likewise produced to the Committee nberyat ing next, resolve ittelf into a Committee of the whole several Books, and Accounts, from the Thirty-first of H°use, upon the Bill for the more effectual preventing Queen Elizabeth to the Year 1709, of the Payment of Bribery and Corruption in the Elections of Members to Anchorage, and Groundage, to the said City, for Ships, servein Parliament. Boats, and Vessels, within ihe Limits before-mentioned.

Prevention

subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many others, trading to and from the Wand of Sicily, and Parts adjacent.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morn-

'Lord

Molyneux

Estate.

That the Petitioners also produced several Books of F.ntries, from One thousand Five hundred and F.ighty-seven to the Eighth Year ol his late Majesty King George, and the original Proceedings, from that Time to last, of a Court, {Filed the- Court of Admiralty of the said City, held for the lower Part of the River Medway, commonly called the Sheerness Court, wherein it appears,

_ _ . - _ , _ < that the said Court was held, as well by Prescription, as by

A N ingrafted Bill from the I^rds, intituled, An Act , Qran{. ancj tj, at at such Courts a Jury had from time to

for felling 1 art of the settled Estate, lying in the tjme been impanelled, and sworn, out of the free Oyster County of Lancaster, of Richard, Lord Viscount Molyneux, jyrcc|gers. arKj Defaulters were presented, for not in the Kingdom of Ireland, for raffing Money, to dif- appearing; and that such Juries made Orders, for charge his Father s Incumbrances thereon, and likewise regulating the Oyster Filbery, within the said Limits, for making Provision for his Brothers and bifters, and for ancj nrefente(] ajj Offenders against the same j who have the Payment of his own Debts, and for lettling other j3een pHinished by Fines and Penalties, imposed by such Lands as an Equivalent for the lame, was read a Second jur]es. whiCh have been submitted to, and paid, or levied, time. ' — - - ' ~ '*

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 2 8° die Martii;

Anno 2* Georgii IP* Regis, 1729. Praters.

N ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to- Mr.

Mr. Ward, Lord Fitzwilliam, Mr. Mr. Fane,

Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Lumley, Mr. Lyster, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Hojle, Mr. Tower, Mr. Wither, Colonel Howard, Sir Edward

to the Use of the said City; and that several Conftats thereof, called F.streats, from the Year 1641 to 1721, were produced.

Then the Petitioners proceeded to examine several Witnesses, and called John Clajfon; who laid, he had known the said Oyster

Mr. Myddelton, Sir 7ante? Campbell, Sir Richard Lane, JT}fp, ery Years, and upwards, and has been a free

Mr. Lorle, Mr. Bertie, Mr, Polhill, Mr. Metcalfe, Mr. £)rec|ger in the fajci Filbery 39 Years: That none were

Lacon Child, Mr. Harley, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Williams, entitled to dredge Oysters therein, but'those who have

Sir Clobery Noel, Sir John Aflley, Mr. Bacon, Sir Nathanael Curzott, Mr. Walcot, Mr. Alderman Child, Mr. , Mr Conduitt, Mr. Wortley, Mr. Leveson Gower, Mr. Pacey, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Serjeant Birch, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Mr. Alderman Perry, Sir Richard,

Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Mr. Pulteney, Sir John Rushout-, and all the Members, that serve for the Counties of Lancaster and Chester: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Midway

Oyster

Fishery.

served an Apprenticelbip, of at leaf!; Seven Years, to a free Dredger within the said Limits, which Service entitles them to their Freedom; and that all Persons, not so entitled, are termed Cable Hangers.

That the Mayor and Citizens of , twice a

Year at the least, held Courts of Admiralty for their Limits on the Medway from Sheerness to; and

that the Court, held at Hawkwood, is for the Preservation of floating Fish, and that at Sheerness for the Preservation and regulating the Oyster Fishery j at which last: Mr. Polhillreported from the Committee, to whom Court all the free Dredgers are summoned, and out of the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Assistants, of 'them a Jury is impanelled, and sworn; and Orders are the City of Rochester, in the County of Kent, in Com- by them made, for appointing the Quantities of Oysters mon-council assembled, being the representative Body of to be taken, and at what Times and Places, which is the Citizens of the said City, and also the Petition of the called setting the Grounds and Stint*and such Orders Oyster Dredgers, free of the Oyster Filbery in the River are confirmed at the Court Hall of Rochester by the Medway, and Waters thereof, under the Chnfervancy of Mayor, and his Brethren; and all Offenders against such the Mayor and Citizens of the City of Rochester, in the Court Orders, and Persons called Cable Hangers, are by County of Kent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, the said Juries presented, and fined; which Fines are

in behalf of themselves, and all other the Freemen of the said Filbery, were referred , that the Committee bad examined the Matter of the said Petitions, and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them,

collected, and sometimes levied by Distress, by the Water Bailiffs of Rochester, lor the Use of the said Mayor and Citizens.

George Weflon, who has been a free Diedgerman for

togetherwith theResolutionofrhe Committeethereupon, 62 Years, Edward Rice, for 58 Years, and Robert to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and for 50 Years, as also several other Witnesses, gave Evi-afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; where dence to the same Effect with Mr. John and the same was read; and the Report, and Resolution of farther declared, that the Mayor and Citizens ol Rorf fler the Committee, are as follows j- viz.and none else, received the Duties of Anchora^VJ

Groundage,

Lave of Attract.

Rodd's

Efetc.

2 Geo. II. 28° Martii. 299

Groundage, for Ships, Boats, and Vessels, within the said Limits of Sheerness and H

And Robert Dawfott, Serjeant at Mace to the said Mayor and Citizens upon the said River, within the Limits and Bounds aforesaid, commonly called the principal Water Bailiff, declared, he had received tire said Duties for the Mayor and Citizens for about Eight Years past.

And it was also proved to the Committee, that, when the native Crops of Oysters are not thought sufficient for the Maintenance of the said Dredgers, and their Families, other Oysters, and Brood, are bought, and laid in the said Fishery, with Money, borrowed by Part of the said Oyster Dredgers, intended to be raised again by mutual Collections out of such Oysters, when dredged again; and that some of the said Dredgers refuse to pay any Contribution thereto, yet take their Shares thereof} and that one Year with another the Sum of £. 800. is laid out, when there is Occasion, to store the said Fishery with such Oysters, and Brood.

That it further appeared to the Committee, upon the Examination of the said Witnesses, that the Number of the said Dredgers are of late increased from about One hundred to Three hundred Persons: That very great and wilful Waste and Spoil has been, and is, made by many disorderly Persons amongst the said Dredgers, in taking Oysters at improper Sealons, together with the Fry and Brood Oysters, which tends to the utter Loss and Destruction of the said Fishery; and that some Doubts having arose, touching the Powers of the said Mayor and Citizens, and the said Jury, at the said Courts, they have been discouraged to proceed against such Offenders.

That it likewise appeared to the said Committee, that the Lord Mayor of London, and his Officers, from Yenleet Creek, as far up the Medway, within the said Limits, as a Bound Stone standeth near Cockhamwood, on the North Side of the said River, have exercised a Jurisdiction of Conservancy for floating Fish, and have taken away unlawful Nets, found there; and that the free Fishermen of the River Thames do take floating Fish in common with the free Fishermen of Medzvay, as far as the said Bound Stone; but it appeared, as well by the said Witnesses, as by several other Witnesses, being very ancient free Fishermen of the River Thwho frequently take floating Fish in the Medway, that the Fishermen of the River Thames never, in their Time, or any others before them, as they ever heard of, dredged for Oysters in the said River Medway, or claimed any Right so to do; but said, the dredging Oysters, in the said Fishery was peculiar to the free Dredgers thereof; and, if the Fishermen of the Thames have taken any Oysters there, it has been secretly, and when discovered, they have been obstructed, or punished for so doing.

And it further appeared by the said Witnesses, that Oyster Dredging is a separateTrade from other Fishing.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to the following Resolution;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for regulating, well ordering, governing, and improving, the Oyster Fishery in the River and Waters thereof, under the Authority of the Mayor and Citizens of the City of Rochester, in the County of Kent.

And the House being moved accordingly}

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for regulating, well ordering, governing, and improving, the Oyster Fishery in the River Medway, and Waters thereof, under the Authority of the Mayor and Citizens of the City of Rochester, in the County of Kent; and that Mr.

Polhill and Sir Thomas Hales do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Norton Rowlett, Esquire, have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occafiojis.

Mr. Geers reported from the Committee to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to veil

Vol. 21.

several Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, in the Parish -of Stoke Canon, in the County of Devon, in Trustees, to be sold, for the Payment of the Debts of

Esquire, deceased, was committed; and to whom the Petition of Francis Rodd, Gentleman, on behalf of himself, and his Brother, Edward R* was referred; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the said Petitioners, and all other Parties concerned, had given their Contents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill, to the House, without any Amendment} And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

The said Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do past.

Ordered, That Mr. Geers do carry the Bill, to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Vincent reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for publick registering of all Deeds, Conveyances, and other Incumbrances, that shall be made of, or that may affect, any Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the Cofcinty of was committed; that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report;to the House: And he read, the same in his Place, ai|d afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table j where the said Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Bertie reported from. the Committee, to whom the Bill for making more effectual the Act, passed for repairing the Road from the Stones End in Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, to the furthermost 'Part of the Northern Road in the Parish of Enfield, in the same County, next to the Parish of Chejkunt, in the County of Hertford, was committed} that the Committee had heard Counsel upon the Petition of the Minister, Constable, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Inhabitants, of the Parish of St. Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, against the Bill; and that the Committee

had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and had made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, fhat he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, do lay before this House, a List of his Majesty's Ships and Vessels, employed each Year, since the Peace of Utrecht, as Station Ships in his Majesty's several Colonies in America.

A Motion being made, and the Question proposed. That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, do lay before this House, Copies of so much of the Orders, or Instructions given to the Commanders of his Majesty's Ships, fta^ioned at Jamaica since the Peace of , as relate to their

protecting the Trade of his Majesty's Subjects, or cruising against Pirates, or others, who interrupt the fame;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by adding, at the End thereof, these Words,

and also Copies of so much of the Letters from the " said Commanders to the Commissioners for executing " the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain,

1 " or

Registering Deeds, &c. iu Surrey*

Shoreditchj &c. Roads*

Ships

Rationed in American Colonies; and Instructions to Commanders*

300

28° — 290 Martii.

A.

Answer to Address.

Punishment of Forgery,

Lamplugh's

Marriage

Settlement.

Supply.

Sunpression of Piracy.

Ways and Meant.

,* °ir Vheir Secretary, as relate to the said Orders, and u Instructions, with the Anfvers of the said Commissioners, or their Secretary, thereunto."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Then the Question, so amended, being put, was agreed unto by the House, as followeth; .°

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great , do lay before

this House, Copies of so much of the Orders, or In-structions, given to the Commanders of his Majesty"s Ships, stationed at Jamaica ft nee the Peace of as relate to their protecting the Trade of his Majesty's Subjects, Or cruising against Pirates, or others, who interrupt the fame, and also Copies of so much of the Letters from the said Commanders to the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or their Secretary, as relate to the said Orders and Instructions, with the Answers of the said Commissioners, or their Secretary thereunto.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

Mr. Treasurer reported to the House, that their Address, of Wednesday last, that his Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, than an Account might be laid before this House, of what Proceedings have been had, for the establishing a civil Government at Gibraltar, and for declaring the same a free Port, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, ttiat his Majesty will give Directions, for laying the said Account before this House.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Lighthoun and Mr. Tot hill:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing, and further Punishment, of Forgery, Perjury, and Subornation of Perjury, and to make; it Felony to steal Bonds, Notes, or other Securities, for Payment of Money; to which the Lords defije the Concurrence of this House:

And also, the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting in Thomas Lamplugh, Clerk, and his Heirs, the Rectory of Felkirk, in the County of being Leasehold for Three Lives, comprised in his Marriage Settlement, and for settling other Fee-Ample Lands and Tenements in Potto, in the same County, of better Value, in lieu thereof; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew*

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon' Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved \That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better suppressing of Piracy, and for giving all Prizes, taken from the Enemy, to the Captors.

The Order being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account of the Money, paid into the Exchequer for the Duty on Victuallers, from the Commencement thereof, distinguishing each Year, and also an Account of What‘ Exchequer Bills have been made out upon the Credit of the Act for laying the said Duty, how much paid off, and what Sum now remains 16

1729.

thereupon in Exchequer Bills uncancelled, be referred to the said Committee. N

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed hun to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morm ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 290 die Martii \

Anno 2* Georgii JI"1 Regis, 1729.

Prayers.

f\RDE RED, That Richard Coffin, Esquire, have Leave of Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon AOfeua. extraordinary Occasions,

Mr. Clayton presented to the House (according to Westminster Order) a Bill for better paving and cleansing the Streets Slree0-if) the City and Liberty of Westminster and other Places within the Limits of the weekly Bills of Mortality, in the County of Middlesex; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Iron

fi

e.

The House being informed, that Mr. Oxenford, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to thefr Order, An Account shewing what (

Quantity of Iron has been imported from and r

Spain into the Port of London, for Five Years, ending at (,

Christmas last, distinguishing each Year; together with t>.

a Return of the Commissioners of the Customs, relating to the said Account. j

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account, and the Return, were read.

Ordered, That the said Account and Return do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account and Return are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Lamplugh'i for vesting in Thomas Lamplugh, Clerk, and his' Heirs, Settlement, the Rectory of Felkirk, in the County of York, being Leasehold for Three Lives, comprised in his Marriage Settlement, and for settling other Fee-simple Lands and Tenements in Potto, in the same County, of better Value, in lieu thereof, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill for the more effectual collecting Greenwich in Great Britain and Ireland, and other Parts of Ins Hospital Majesty's Dominions, the Duties, granted for the Sup- Deport of the royal Hospital at Greenwich, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be,

An Act for the more effectual collecting in Great Britain and Ireland, and other Parts of his Majesty's Dominions, the Duties, granted for the Support of the royal Hospital at Greenwich.

Ordered, That Sir tVm. Yonge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to repeal a Clause in an Act, made Importation in the Ninth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, which Drc- °fTob*LW

0 . *, . stript irom

tithits the Stalk.

Pc

r I

'ic(

ii!

Sits

«ti

H

Aj

A

t

k

lw»e of Abirnce.

Perrot,«

Marriage

Settlement.

Cobb,i

Divorce.

Sbomlitch, Ac Roads.

% Geo. II. 290 Martii.

hibits the Importation of Tobacco, stript from the Stalk, or Stem, was read the Third time.

Ref jived, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act to repeal a Clause in an Act, made in the Ninth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, which prohibits the Importation of Tobacco, stript from the Stalk, or Stem.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman do carry the Bill to the Lords and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Edward L'tfle, Esquire, have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting in Trustees the several Manors and Lands therein mentioned, the Ellate of Henry Ferret, Esquire, in Trull for him, and his Heirs, free from the Charges of his Marriage Settlement, on his settling other Estates, of greater Value, to the same Uses, in lieu thereof, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lyster, Mr. Duncomb, Mr Harley, Mr. Foley, Mr. Noel, Mr.

Huxley, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Pot eager, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Williams, Mr. Bertie, Lord Howe, Mr Munro, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Knight, Mr. , Mr. Sandys,

Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Harvey, Sir

Hales, Lord Wm. Rowlett, Mr. Shippen, Mr. Hales, General Ross, Mr. Banks, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Mr. Cajar, Mr. Mcreton, Mr. Pacey, Lord Mick/ethwaite, General Sabine, Mr. Allington, Mr. Watkyns Wynne, Mr. Walcott, Mr. Alderman Child, Mr. Geers, Mr. , Mr. Hucks, Sir Richard Gr Mr. Cro/s, Mr. Griffiths, Mr. Holmes, Mr. Plumer, Mr. , Mr. Townjbcnd, Colonel Berkeley, Colonel Read, Dr. Clark, Lord Gage, Mr. Sehvyn, Mr. Bathurst, Sir Clobery Noel, Mr. Ward, Mr. Compton, Mr.; and all the Members that lerve f r t he Counties of Oxford and cester; And they are to me t this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Thomas Cobb with Rachel Krebs, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday, the Fifteenth Day of April next, rtfn.ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Inllrudion to the said Committee, that they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, for the said Bill; and also, that they do hear Countel, and examine Witnesses, against the said" Bill, if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard by Count'd, or to produce Witnesses.

The House took into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making more effectual the Acts, passed for repairing the Road from the Stones End in Shoreditch, in the County of Miditefex, to the furthermost Part of the Northern Road in the Parish of Enfield, in the same County, next to the Parish of Cheshunt, in the County of Hertford, was committed.

And the Report was read.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time*, several of them were, with an Amendment to one of them, agreed unto, some others were disagreed with.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, concerning the Statute-work, to be done by the Inhabitants of Hortifey Parish, in the Road intended to be repaired.

And the said Clause'was twice read, With Blanks which were filled up.

And then the Clause yyas, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

*-Vol. 21.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Mr. Treasurer reported to the House, that their Ad- Answer dresses of Yesterday. That his Majesty would be graciously w Addre. e*. pleased to give Di red ions, that t lie Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, do lay before this House, a List of his Majesty's Ships and Vessels, employed each Year, since the Peace of Utrecht, as Station Ships in his Majesty's several Colonies in America, and also Copies of so much of the Orders or Inllrudions, given to the Commanders of his Majesty's Ships, llationed at Jamaica Cnee the Peace of Utrecht, as relate to their proteding the Trade of his Majesty's Subjects, or cruising against Pirates, or others, who interrupt the fame, and also Copies of so much of the Letters from the said Commanders to the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or their Secretary, as relate to the said Orders and Inllrudions, with the Answers of the said Commissioners, or their Secretary, thereunto, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that his Majesty will give Directions, that the said Lift, Orders, Inllrudions, and other Papers desired, be laid before this House.

The Lord Finch reported from the Committee, to GeoghegmV whom tire Bill to enable Arthur Geogbegan, alias Stafford, Name. Esquire, to take upon him the Surname of Stafford only, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true* and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made one Amendment thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table; where -the said Amendment was read, and, upon the Question put there- , upon, agreed unto by the House; and another Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-

Ordered, That Sir Wm. Stapleton, Baronet, have Leave Leave of to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Absence. Occasions.

The House being informed, That Mr. Edwards, from Spittlefield* the Commissioners for the Fifty new Churches, attended Partfh. at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, th- Commissioners Appointment of a Parish to the new Church in tlfftelds, dated the Eighth Day of January, 1724.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Appointment was read.

Ordered, That the said Appointment be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for making the Hamlet of Spittle fields, in the Parish of St. DunfiarCs Stebonheath, alias Stepney, in the County of Middlesex, a distinct Parish, and for providing a Maintenance for the Minister of such new Parish, is committed.

The Orders of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Prevention whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectual pre- of Bribery at venting Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Mem- Sleftl0l"-bers to serve in Parliament.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Watkin Williams Wynn took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Watkin Williams Wynn reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday ' Morning next.

4 G The

o

° Marti

302

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the fariQi. whole House, upon the Bill for making the Hamlet of Spittlefelds, in the Parish of Stebonheath

alias Stepney, in the County of , a dillinft

Parish, and for providing a Maintenance lor the Minister of such new Parish.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Barnard took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Barnard reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Morning next.

Offices»nd Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn*

Smpioyments. ing nextj resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for indemnifying Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices or Employments within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; and for repealing so much of an Act of Parliament, pafi'ed in the Fiift Year of his late Majesty King George the First, as requires Persons to qualify themselves for Offices or Employments within Three Months, and for limiting other Times for such Qualifications,

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Lunay 310 Martii;

Anno a* Georgii II" Regis, 1725.

Prayers.

Woollen A P E TITIO N of the Woollen Manufacturers of Manufacture. f\_ Newbury, in the County of ,in behalf.of themselves, and great Numbers of poor People employed by them in the said Town, and many other neighbouring Places, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of the great Decay of their Trade, and Impoverishment of their Manufacturers, which the Petitioners attribute to the fraudulent Exportation of Irish Wool and Yarn, and English Tools, whereby Foreigners. are enabled to rival the Woollen Manufacturers of this Kingdom, which they could not otherwise do: And praying such Redress, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

HaiJleigh Sir Thomas Hales reported from the Committee, to Inclosure. whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for inclosing Aldham and Seine Commons, belonging to the Parish of Hadleigh, in the County at Suffolk, for the better Maintenance of the Poor of the said Parish, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true* and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And fie delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

The laid Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Hales do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same without any Amendment.

Bam«t Mr. Conduit reported from the Committee, to whom Inclosure. the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for inclosing Part of a Common, belonging to the Manor of ChippingBarnet, in the County of Hertford, and for veiling a certain annual Rent-charge, in Trullees, for the Benefit of the Poor of the Parish of Chipping ever,

was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true*

1729.

and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made some Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and that the Parties concerned had given their Conients to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the said Amendments were read, and art as follows; viz.

Prels 2. L. 31. After the Word " inclole" insert "and " divide."

L. 40. After f* Measures," insert " or any " Three of them."

Press 3. L. 8. After " Land," insert " or any Three " of them."

And the said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The laid Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Conduit do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House bath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments; to which Amendments this House doth desire their Lordships Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to discharge the Trullees, appointed by an Act, of the Seventh Year of his late Majesty's Reign, for railing Money upon the Estates of the late Directors of the late South Sea Company, and others, of their Trull, and to vest in the said Company such of the Estates, which were vested in the said Trullees, as remain undisposed of, as also, the Produce of such Estates and Effects, as have been disposed of by the Trullees, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals; and that the Title be, An Act to discharge the Trullees, appointed by an Act of the Seventh Year of his late Majesty's Reign, for railing Money upon the Estates of the late Directors of the South Sea Company, and others, of their Trull, and to vest in the said Company such of the Estates, which were vested in the said Trullees, as remain undisposed of, as also the Produce of such Estates and Effects, as have been disposed of by the Trullees.

Ordered, That Mr. Gybbon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account of the Quantities of the several Sorts of Com imported, from Christmas 1727, to Christmas 1728, with an Account of the Sorts and Quantities of Corn exported, and from what Places, during the same Time.

Mr. Holland reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term granted by an Act, passed in the Parliament, liplden in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act " for repairing the Highways between Shepards-shord " and Horsley^upright Gate, leading down Hill,

" in the County of Wilts, and other ruinous Parts of " Highways thereunto adjacent," and for making the said Act more effectual, was committed; that the Committee bad examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the said Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Kinafion and Mr. Boroughs:

Mr.

South Stt Com pad v.

Corn

imported

Shepards-ihonj, &c. Roads.

% Geo. II.

310 Martii.

3°3

Gnbsm'J

Mate.

Mr. Speaker,

The Louis have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable William Graham, Son of John , late Aider-

man of Drogheda. in the Kingdom of , to make

Leases of several Parts of his Eftale in the Counties of JLcwfh and Meath, and in the County of the Town of Drogheda, for the better Improvement thereof; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Wkk-riffiag*

tofliodoiure*

The House being moved, that the Bill for confirming Exchanges, Allotments, Divisions, and Inclosures, of Lands in the Parish of Wick-riffing in the County of

Glwcrjer, and for establishing the Payment of a yearly , 4 1716

Sum to the Iteftor, and his Successors, in lieu of Tythes,

pursuant to Agreements, made between Vincent,

Esquire, deceased, and the other Proprietors of the said Lands, might be read a Second time;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House that his Majesty being informed of the Contents of the said Bill, had been pleased to command him to acquaint

6. Copy of Instructions to Captain Knighton, of the Jamaica Sloop, 2 December, 17,14.

7. Copy of Instructions to Captain Gray, of the Jon, 24 February, 1714

8. Copy of Instructions to Captain of the

Diamond, 9 March, 1714.

9. Copy of Instructions to Captain Balcben, of the Diamond, 19 October, 1715.

10. Copy of Instructions to Captain Reynolds, of the Adventure, 8 May, 1716.

it. Copy of Instructions to Captain , of the

Adventure, 4 March, 1716.

12. Copy of Instructions to Captain Candler, of the

13. Copy of Instructions to Captain Jacob, of the Diamond, 19 June, 1717.

14. Copy of Instructions to Captain Candler, of the Winchelsea, 19 June, 1717.

15. Copy of Instructions to Captain , of the Diamond, it July, 1717.

16. Copy of Instructions to Captain Whitworth, of

fes,

C-r*

this House, that his Majesty gives hisConfent, that this the Ludlow 8 November, 1717.

House may do therein, as they think fit. - 17. Copy of Instructions to Captain Reynolds, of the

Then the said Bill was read a Second time. Adventure, 6 January, 1717.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Colonel Berke- 18. Copy of Instructions to Captain Jacobs, of the ley, air John Rufbont, Sir Robert Aujin, Mr. Plumptre, Diamond, 13 January, 1717.

Mr. Wither, Mr. Fane, Colonel Read, Mr. Shuttleworth, 19. Copy of Instructions to Captain Jacobs, of the Mr. Lewen, Mr. Potenger, Sir Richard Lane, Mr. Chet- 17 February, 1717

wynd, Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Oglethorpe, Sir Charles Turner, ' Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Metcalfe. Mr. Ke/fall, Mr. More-ton, Mr. Polhill, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Byng, Sir Wm.

ao. Copy of Instructions to Captain Whitworth, of the Ludlow Castle, 17 February, 1717.

11. Copy of Instructions to Captain Chamberlaync, of

Yonge, Mr , Pacey, Mr. Holland, Mr. Bertie, Sir Nat ha- the Sloop, 30 17x8.

nael Curzon, Lord Percival, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Earle, 22. Copy of Instructions to Captain of

Mr. Gould, Mr. Crojfe, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Longueville, the Mi ford, 30 1718.

Mr. Doddington, Mr. Campbell, Sir Abra. Elton, Mr. Geers, Lord Wm. Powlett, Mr. Perrott, Sir Tho. Read, Mr. Bromley, Dr. Clark, Mr. Annesley, Mr. Alderman Child, Mr. Winnington, Sir John Hi.d Sir Wm.

Barker, Mr. Watkyn Wynn, Mr. Alderman Parsons, Mr.

Eversjeld, Mr. Coplejon, Sir John Stonhouse, Mr. Ailing- ,20 1720.

23. Copy of Instructions to Captain Vernon, of . Mary, 4 July, 1719.

24. Copy of Instructions to Captain Vernon, of the Mary, 2 March, 1719.

25. Copy of Instructions to Captain Vernon, of the

ton, Mr. Shippen, Mr. Grosvenor, Sir Tho. Lee, Mr. Foley,

Mr. Majors, Sir Humphry Monoux. Mr. Sir

Archer Croft-, and all the Members that serve for the Counties < f Gloceficr, Worcejer , and Oxford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

tibonrd in American Colonies; and I oft r action! to CojMModea

\fr

a-1

26. Copy of Instructions to Captain Candler, of th*c 13 April, 1721.

27. Copy of Instructions to Captain Harris, of the Falkland, 10 October, 1721.

28. Copy of Instructions to Captain Eaton, of the Kingston, 3 April, 1722.

29. Copy of Instructions to Captain Harris, of the Mr. Cockburn, from the Commissioners for executing Falkland, 6 June, 1722.

the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, pre- 30. Copy of Instructions to Captain Harris, of the feoted to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Falkland, 8 January, 1722.

Majesty, a List of his Majesty's Ships and Vessels, em- 31. Copy of Instructions to Captain Harris, of the ployed each Year, since the Peace of Utrecht, as Station 7 March, 1722.

Ships in his Majesty's several Colonies in America, and 32. Copy of Instructions to Captain Harris, of the also Copies of so much of the Orders, or Instructions, Falkland, to 1723.

given to the Commanders of his Majesty's Ships, flat ioned at Jamaica since the Peace of Utrecht, as relate to their protesting the Trade of his Majesty's Subjects, or cruising

33. Copy of Instructions to Captain Harris, of the Falkland, 13 April, 1723.

34. Copy of Instructions to Sir Yelverton Peyton, Com-

against Pirates, or others, who interrupt the lame, and noander of the Spence Sloop, 1 May, 1723. also Copies of so much of the Letters from the said Com- 35. Copy of Instructions to Captain Harris, of the manders to the Commissioners for executing the Office of Falkland, 2 July, 1723.

it,

t

be

mi

If.

Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or their Secretary, as relate to the said Orders and Instructions, with the Answer of the said Commissioners, or their Secretary, thereunto; together with a Schedule of the said Papers.

And the said Schedule was read, and is as followeth; viz.

t. Copy of Instructions to Captain Gray, of the Folk-3 June, 1713.

2. Copy of Instructions to Captain Chamberlen of the Mary Gally, 4 June, 1713.

3. Copy of Instructions to Captain Gray, of the , 29 June, 1713.

4. Copy of Instructions to Captain Gray, of the Jon, 19 July, 1714.

5. Copy of instructions to Captain Harward, of the Biddiford, 9 AuguJ, 1714.

Vol. 21.

36. Copy of Instructions to Captain Wyndham, of the Diamond, 4 July, 1723.

37. Copy of Instructions to Captain Harris, of the Falkland, 14 January, 1723.

38. Copy of Instructions to Captain Medley, of the Leopard, 27 February, 1723.

39. Copy of Instructions to Captain Harris, of the Falkland, 24 June, 1724.

40. Copy of Instructions to Captain Harris, of the Falkland, 25 June, 1724.

41. Copy of Instructions to Captain Harris, of the Falkland, 26 June, 1724.

42. Copy of Instructions to Captain Harris, of the Falkland, 18 January, 1724.

43. Copy of Instructions to Captain Scott, of the Dragon, 24 April, 1725.

44. Copy

t

3°4

3i° Martii.

A.

1729.

Ship*

tf.j(i<red in American Colonies; and inflruc-ticn9 to Commandctt.

44. Copy of Inductions to Captain Scott, of the

Dragon, 24 April, 1725.

45. Copy of Inductions to Captain Harris, of the

Falkland, April, 1725.

46. Copy of Inductions to Captain 5^//, of the

Dragon, 24 April, 1725,

47. Copy of Ind uctions to the Commander in chief

of his Majesty's Ships at Jamaica, 29 1725.

48. Copy of Inductions to Captain Girlington, of the

Kings dale, 31 1725.

8 f. Copy of a Letter from Peter Haywood, Esquire, President of the Council of , to Captain

Candler, 18 June, 1717.

82. Copy of a Letter from Captain Jacob, of the Diamond, to Mr. Burchett, 21 October, 1717; inclosing,

83. Copy of a Letter from Peter Haywood, Esquire, President of the Council of Jamaica, to Captain Jacobs, 14 October, 1717.

84. Extract of a Letter from Captain of the

49. Copy of Inductions to Captain Cotterel, of the Winchelsea, to Mr- Burchett, 22 1717.

Happy Sloop, 9 September, 1725. 85. Extract of a Letter from Captain Candler, of the

50. Copy of Inductions to Captain Coiterel, of the to Mr. Burchett, 6 January, 1717.

Happy Sloop, if) September, 1725. 86. Extract of a Letter from Captain Candler, of the

31. Copy of Inductions to Captain Goodall, of the to Mr. Burchett, 11 Feb. 1717.

Feverlham, 10 October, 1727. 87. Extract of a Letter from Captain Jacob, of the

52. Copy of Inductions to Edward St. Lo, Esquire, Diamond, to Mr. Burchett, 27 March, 1718.

16 March, 1727.

53.. Copy of Inductions to Edward St. Lo, Esquire, 24 September, 1728.

88. Extract of a Letter from Captain Jacob, of the Diamond, to Mr. Burchett, \i April, 1718.

89. Extract of a Letter from Captain Jacob, of the

34. . Copy of Inductions to Edward St. Lo, Esquire, Diamond, to Mr. Burchett, 27 May, 1718.

6 November, 1728. 90. Extract of a Letter from Captain Jacob, of the

5<. Copy of Instructions to Edward St. Lo, Esquire, Diamond, to Mr. Burchett, 6 July, 1718.

13 December, 1728. 91. Copy of a Letter from Captain Candler, of the

36. Copy of Inductions to Edward St. Lo, Esquire, Winchelsea, to Mr. Burchett, 12 August, 1718.

13 December, 1728. . 92. Copy of a Letter from Captain Whitworth, of the

37. Extract of a Letter from Captain Chamber ten, of to Mr. Burchett, 19 August, 1718.

the Mary Gaily, to Mr. Burchett, 26 June, 1713.

j3. Copy of a Letter from Captain Chamberlen, of the Mary Gaily, to Mr. Burchett, 18 September, 1713.

59. Copy of a Letter from Captain Chamberlen, of the Mary Gaily, to Mr. Burchett, to November, 1713.

93. Extract of a Letter from Captain Whitworth, of the Ludlow Castle, to Mr. Burchett, 14 October, 1718.

94. Copy of a letter from Captain Jacob, of the

Diamond, to Mr Burchett, 15 October, 1718.

93. Extract of a Letter from Captain of

60. Extract of a Letter from Captain Gray, of the the Ludlow Castle, to Mr. Burchett, 30 1718.

Folkston, to Mr. Burchett, 14 December, 1713, 96. Extract of a Letter from Captain Jacob, of the

6j. Extract of a Letter from Captain Gray, of the Diamond, to Mr 9 , 1718.

Folkston, to Mr. Burchett, t3 March, 1713. 97. Extract of a Letter from Captain Jacob, of the 62. Extract of a Letter from Captain Gray, of the to Mr. 4 1718; inclosing.

Folkston, to Mr. Burchett, 18 June, 1714.

63. Extract of a Letter from Captain of the

Folkston, to Mr. Burchett, 30 September, 1714; inclosing,

64. Copy of a Letter from Lord Archibald Hamilton, :Governor of Jamaica, to Captain Gray, 28 June, 1714-

63. Copy of a Letter from Captain , of the Folkston, to Mr. Burchett, 8 November, 1714.

98. Copies of Depositions of James and Rice

Jones, relating to Spatiish Guard it Codas, 17 November,- 1718:

99. Copy of a Deposition of Henry Wells, Mader of the Dolphin Gaily, relating to the fame, 12 November, 1718.

100. Extract of a Letter from Captain Chamberlen, of the Milford, to Mr. Burchett, 28 1718.

101.Extract of a Letter from Captain Jacob, of the

66. Copyr of a Letter from Captain Harward, of the Diamond, to Mr. Burchett, ao 1718.

Biddiford, to Mr Burchett, 19 January, 1714. 102. Extract of a Letter from Captain Chamberlen,

67. Extract of a Letter from Captain Harward, oft he of th to Mr. Burchett, 30 1719.

Biddiford, to Mr. Burchett, 19 February, 1714. 103. Extract of a Letter from Captain,

68. Copy of a Letter from Captain Gray, of the of the; Milford, to Mr. Burchett, 16 August, 1719.

Folkston, to Mr. Burchett, 15 March,-a 714, 204. Copy of a Letter from Captain Vernon, of the

: 69. Extract of a Letter from Captain Balchen, of the Gaily, to Mr. Burchett, 23 August, 1719? inclo-

Diamond, to Mr Burchett, 20th July, 1715; inclosing, sing,

70. Copy of a Let for from Lord Archibald Hamilton, J05

Governor of Jamaica, to Captain , 27 June,

1715.

71. Copy of a Letter from Captain Balchen, of the Diamond, to Mr. Burchett, 24 August, 1715.

72. Copy of a Letter from Captain of the

Diamond, to Mr. Burchett,8 October, 1713.

73. Copy of a Letter from Captain Balchen, of the Diamond, to Mr. Burchett, \ 2 November, 1715

Copy of Captain Vernon's Letter to the French Consul at Madera, 20 A1719: 106. Copy of the French Consul's Answer to Captain Vernon, 20 August, 1719: toy. Copy of Captain Vernotfs Orders to Captain Dent, 2^ August, 1719.

108. Extract of a Letter from Captain Vernon, of the Mary, to Mr. Burchett, 25 October, 1719.

109. Extract of a Letter from Captain Vernon, of the

74. Copy of a Letter from Captain Balchen, of the Mary, to Mr. Burchett, 13 November, 1719.

Diamond, to Mr. Burchett, 24 January, 1715. 11a Extract of a Letter from Captain of -the

75. Extract of a Letter from Captain Reynolds, of the Mary, to Mr. Burchett, 18 1719

Adventure, to Mr. Burchett, 4 August, 1716.

76. Copy of a Letter from Captain Reynolds, of the Adventure, to Mr. Burchett, 21 August, 17r6.

77. Extract of a Letter from Captain Reynolds, of the Adventure, to Mr. Burchett, 12 September, 1716.

78. Extract of a Letter from Captain Reynolds, of the

Adventure, to Mr. Burchett, 20 1716.

79. Copy of a Letter from Captain of the

Adventure, to Mr. Burchett, 24 January, 1716.

80. Extract of a Letter trom Captain Candler, of the

Winchelsea, to Mr. Burchett, 1717; inclosing,

111. Extract of a Letter from Captain Chamberlen, of the Milford, to Mr. Burchett, 28 January, 1719; inclosing,

112. Copy of a Petition of several Merchants of the Island of Jamaica to Captain Chamberlen.

113. Extract of a Letter from Captain Vernon, of the Mary, to Mr. Burchett, 30 January, 1719.

114. Extract of a Letter from Captain Vernon, of the Mary, to Mr. Burchett, 17 June, 1720.

113. Copy of a Letter from Captain Vernon,'of the Mary, to Mr. Burchett, 18 June, 1720.

xi6u

r.-

‘I

hi

l!

a

x Geo. II. si ° Mariii.365

116. Extract of a Letter from Captain Vernon, of the Mary, to Mr. Burchett, 19 June, 1720.

117. Copy of a Letter from Captain , of the

Mary, to Mr. Burchett, 25 June, 1720; inclosing,

118. Translation of Part of the Instructions to Simon Mafcarino, Captain of a Spanish Privateer, 3 June, 1720:

119. Copy of Captain Vernon's Imlrudlions to Captain Dent, of the Mermaid, 18 June, 1720:

120. Copy of Captain Vernons Letter to the Governor of St. Jago deCuba, 18 June, 1720:

121. Copy of a Letter from Captain Vernon, of the

Mary, to M r. Burchett,24 August, 1720; inclosing,

in. Copy of a Letter from Captain of the

Adventure;to Captain Vernon, 13 August, 1720:

121. Copy of a Letter from Captain Vernon to Sir Nicholas Laws, Governor o {Jama9 August, 1720:

124. Copy of Sir Nicholas Laws's Answer to Captain

Vernon, 1 2 August, 1720:

125. Copy of Captain Vernon's Reply to Sir Nicholas Laws, 16 August, 1720.

126. Copy of a Letter from Captain Vernon, of the Mary, to Mr. Burchett, 27 August, 1720; inclosing,

127. Copy of Two Advertisements in the Jamaica Courant of 17 and 24 August, 1720.

128. Copy of a Letter from Captain Vernon, of the Mary, to Mr. Burchett, 27 August, 1710.

129. Extract of a Letter from Captain Vernon, of the Mary, to Mr. Burchett, 12 September, 1720.

130. Extract of a Letter from Captain Vernon, of the Mary, to Mr Burchett, 1 OBo 1720.

131. Extract of a Letter from Captain of the

Mary, to Mr. Burchett, 31 August, 1720; inclosing,

132. Copy of a Letter from the Merchants at ft on to Captain Vernon, 14 November, 1720.

133. Extract of a Letter from Captain Vernon, of the Mary, to Mr. Burchett, 27 January, 1720.

134. Extract of a Letter from Captain Vernon, of the Mary, to Mr- Burchett, 8 March, 1720.

135. Extract of a Letter from Captain Vernon, of the

Mary, to Mr Burchett, 12 March, 1720; inclosing,

136. Copies of I nllrudlions of Michael Cabee and Henry Robinson, and of a Deposition of IVm. Righton, about Pirates.

137. Copy of a Letter from Captain Vernon, of the

Mary, to Mr. Burchett,a May, 1721; inclosing,

138. Copy of Captain Vernon's Inllrudlions to Captain 'Chamberlayne, of the Happy Sloop, 24 April, 1721.

139. Copy of a Letter from Captain Vernon, of the Mary, to Mr. Burchett, 21 May 1721.

140. Extract of a Letter from Captain Candler, of the Launceston, to Mr. Burchett, 30 October, 1721.

141. Extract of a Letter from Captain Harris, of the

Falkland, to Mr. Burchett, 22 1721.

142. Extract of a Letter from Captain Candler, the Launceston, to Mr. Burchett, 26 December, 1721.

143. Extract of a Letter from Captain , of the Falkland, to Mr. Burchett, 17 January, 1721.

144. Extract of a Letter from Captafn of the

Falkland, to Mr. Burchett, 22 March, 1721.

145. Extract of a Letter from Captain Harris, of the Falkland, to Mr. Burchett, 9 June, 1722.

146. Extract of a Letter from Captain Candler, of the Launceston, to Mr. Burchett, 11 June, 1722.

147. Extract of a Letter from Captain Candler, of the Launceston, to Mr. Burchett, 16 August, 1722.

.48. Extract of a Letter from Captain Harris, of the Falkland, to Mr. Burchett, 16 October, 1722.

149. Extract of a Letter from Captain Harris, of the

Falkland, to Mr Burchett,23 March, 1722.

150. Extract of a Letter from Captain Harris, of the Falkland, to Mr. Burchett, 13 April, 1723.

151. Extract of a Letter from Captain Harris, of the Falkland, to Mr. Burchett, 1 July, 1723; inclosing,

152. Copy of Instructions from Captain Harris to Captain Dent, of the Launceston, 23 March, 172 3.

153. Extract of a Letter from Captain of the

Falkland, to Mr. Burchett, 20 July, 1723.

154. Extract of a Letter from Captain Harris, of the

Falkland, to Mr. Burchett, 10 1723.

155. Extract of a Letter from Captain Harris, of the Falkland, to Mr. Burchett, 14 October, 1723.

156. Extract of a Letter from Captain ffryndham, of the Diamond, to Mr. Burchett, 27 October, 1723; inclosing,

137. Copy of the Deposition of James Richard

Cottiman, Lewis Jenkins, and Edward Adcroft, concerning James Peer, Master of a Sloop belonging to Bristol, trading with the Pirates, 29 1723:

158. Copy of a Deposition of 'Thomas Harrison and

James Ajpinel, concerning the same, 29 October, 1723;

159. Copy of a Deposition of John Moor, concerning the same, 26 November, 1723:

160. Copy of a Deposition of James Ajpinel, and Thomas Harrison, concerning the same, 29 October, 1723;

161. Copy of a Deposition of Thomas Harrison, and James Ajpinel, concerning the same, 29 October, 1723:

162. Copy of a Deposition of Nicholas Vincent, concerning the tame, 23 October, 1723:

163. Copy of a Deposition of concerning the fime, 31 October, 1723.

164. Extract of a- Letter from Captain of the

Falkland, to Mr. Burchett, 3 November, 1723.

165. Extract of a Letter from Captain of the

Falkland, to Mr. Burchett,16 November, 1723.

166. Extract of a Letter from Captain Harris, of the Falkland, to Mr. Burchett, 9 December, 1723.

167. Extract of a Letter from Captain Harris, of the Falkland, to Mr. Burchett, 30 December, 1723.

168. Extract of a Letter from Captain Harris, of the Falkland, to Mr. Burchett, 7 April, 1724.

169. Extract of a Letter from Captain Harris, of the

Falkland, to Mr. Burchett, 3 1724.

170. Extract of a Let ter from Captain fVyndham, of the Diamond, to Mr. Burchett, 7 July, 1724.

171. Extract of a Letter from Captain Harris, of the Falkland, to Mr. Burchett, 11 July, 1724.

172. Extract of a Letter from Captain of'

the Diamond, to Mr. Burchett, 50 1724.

173. Extract of a Letter from Captain Harris, of the Falkland, to Mr. Burchett, 17 August, 1724.

1 74. Extract of a Letter from Captain Harris, of the Falkland, to Mr Burchett, 14 October, 1724.

175. Extract of a Letter from Captain Harris, of the Falkland, to Mr. Burchett, 22 November, 1724.

176. Extract of a Letter from Captain Harris, of the Falkland, to Mr. Burchett, 9 December, 1724; inclosing,

1 77. Copy of a Letter from Captain , of the

Diamond, to Captain Harris, 3 December, 1724.

178. Extract of a Letter from Captain , of the Falkland, to Mr. Burchett, 26 , 1724.

1 79. Extract of a Letter from Captain Harris, of the Falkland, to Mr. Burchett, 6 February, 1724.

180. Extract of a Letter from Captain Harris, of the Falkland, to Mr. Burchett, 10 1725.

131. Extract of a Letter from Captain Brand, of the Winchelsea, to Mr. Burchett, 25 September, 1725.

182. Extract of a Letter from Captain Brand, of the fVinchelsea, to Mr. Burchett, 4 November, 1723.

183. Extract of a Letter from Captain Brand, of the fVinchelsea, to Mr. Burchett, 7 November, 1726.

184. Extract of a Letter from Captain Brand, of the fVinchelsea, to Mr. Burchett, 21 April, 1726.

185. Extract of a Letter from Captain Brand, of the; fVinchelsea, to Mr. Burchett, 22 April, 1726.

186. Extract of a Letter from Captain Brand, of the fVinchelsea, to Mr. Burchett, 13 May, 1726.

187. Extract of a Letter from Vice-admiral Hofter, to Mr. Burchett, 26 July, 1726.

4 II 188. Extract

Ships

Rationed in American Colonies; and Instructions to Commanders

30 6

31

Martii.

A. 1749.

Ships

Rationed in American Colonies; and fnftruc-Cions to Comma aderi

188. Ext raft of a Letter from Vice-admiral to

Mr Burchett, 15 August, 1727.

189. Copy of a Letter from Edward , Esquire, to Mr. Burchett, 27 September, 1727.

19©. Copy of a Letter from Vice-admiral Hopfon, to Mr. Burchett,3 February, 1727.

191. Extract of a Letter from Edward St. Lo, Esquire, to Mr. Burchett, 8 June, 1728.

192. Extract of a Let ter from Edward St. Lo, Esquire, to Mr, Burchett, 1 July, 1728.

193. Extract of a Letter from Edward St. Lo. Esquire, to Mr. Burchett, 2 July, 1728.

194. Extract of a Letter from Edward St. Lo, Esquire, to Mr. Burchett, 25 August, 1728.

155. Extract of a Letter from Edward St. Lo, Esquire, to Mr. Burchett, >4 September, 1728.

196. Extract of a Letter from Edward Lo, Esquire, to Mr. Burchett, 10 November, 1728; inclosing,

197. Copy of an Address of the Assembly of Jamaica

to Robert Hunter, Esquire, Governor of the Island, 11 July, 1728:

225. Extract of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Captain Harris, of the Falkland, 30 Ja 1722.

226. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Burchett, to Captain Harris, of th t Falkland, 15 April, 17 23.

227. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Captain Harris, of the Falkland, 16 May, 1723.

228. Extract of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Captain

Wyndham, of the' Diamond,9 June, 1724.

229. Extract of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Captaiil HarHs, of the Falkland, 26 June, 1724.

230. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Captain Harris, of the Falkland, 1 September, 1724.

231. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Captain'

Harris, of the Falkland, 16 1724.

232. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Butchett to Captain Harris, of the Falkland, 19 November, 1724.

233. Extract of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Captain Wyndham, of the Diamond, 30 November, 1724.

234. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Captain Harris, of the Falkland, 19 January, 1724.

235. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Lieute-9 8. Copy ot a Letter from Robert Hunter, Esquire, nant of the 11 A 1725.

Governor of Jamaica, to Edward St. Lo, Esquire, 236. Extract of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Edward 11 July, 1728: St. Lo, Esquire, 5 August, 1728.

199. Copy of a Letter from Robert Hunter, Esquire, 237. Extract of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Edward

Governor of Jamaica, to Edward St. Lo, Esquire, St. Lo, Esquire, 8 1728.

28 August, 1728: 238. Extract of a Letter from Edward St. Lo, Esquire*

200. Copy of a Letter from Edward St. Lo, Esquire, to Mr. Burchett, 3 , 1728; inclosing,

to the Governor of Petit Guaves, 12 October, 1728

201. Extract of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Captain Candler, of the IVinclielJea, 10 September, 1717.

202. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Captain

Candler, of the Winchelsea, 5 March, 1717.

203. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Captain

Durell, of the Swift Sloop, 5 March, 1717.

204. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Captain Jacob, of the Diamond, 5 March, 1717.

205. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Captain Durell, of the Swift Sloop, 30 July, 1718.

206. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Captain Jacob, of the Diamond, 30 July, 1718.

207. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Captain Whitworth, of the Ludlow Castle, 30 July, 1718.

to8. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Captain Chamberlayne, of the Happy Sloop, 26 1718.

209. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Captain Jacob, of the Diamond, 26 August, 1718.

2to. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Captain Candler, of the Winchelsea, 26 1718.

211. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Captain Reynolds, of the Adventure, 26 August, 1718.

212. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Captain Dwell, of the Swift Sloop, 26 August, 1718.

213. Copy cf a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Captain

Whitworth, of the Ludlow Castle,26 1718.

214. Extract ofaLstterfrom Mr. Burchett to Captain

Jacob, of the Diamond,5 Septem 1718.

213. Extract of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Captain Chamberlin, of the Milford, 1718.

216. Extract of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Captain Chamberlcn, of the Milford, 15 April, 1719.

217. Extract of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Captain Jacob, of the Diamond, 16 April, 1719.

218. Extract of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Captain Jacob, of the Diamond, 23 January, 1719.

2! 9. Extract of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Captain Vernon, of the Mary, 13 July, 1720.

220. Extract of a Letter from Mr. Burchett to Captain Vernon, of the Mary, 8 Novemb, 1720.

221. F.xtraftofa Letter from Mr. Burchett to Captain Vernon, of the Mary, 4 February, 1720.

222. Extract ofa Letter from Mr. Burchett to Captain Dovers, of the Adventure, 27 November, 1721.

223. Extract ofa Letter from Mr. Burchett to Captain Lawes, of the Happy Sloop, 22 May, 1722.

224. Extract ot a Letter from Mr Burchett to Captain Harris, of the Falkland, 7 June, 1722.

bound up with the

239. Copy of a Letter from the Governor of Petit Guavas to Edward St. Lo, Esquire, 2 December, 1728.

The said scheduled Papers are other Papers of -this Session.

And, with the said scheduled Papers, Mr. Cockburn also presented to the House,

1. Captain Vernons Letter to Mr. Burchett, dated November the Seventh, 1720; inclosing,

2. Copy of his late Majesty's Letter to the Governor of Jamaica, 15 January, 17.£4, for paying, out of the Revenue, the Moneys disbursed by Lord Archibald Hamilton; with the Resolutions of the Assembly against it:

The Governor's Speech, 4 1720:

The Governor's Speech, 25 1720:

The Governor's Message to the Assembly, with their Answer, 31 October, 1720:

3. The Preamble to an Act of the Assembly, for fitting out Sloops, or other Vessels, for guarding the Sea-coast of the Island of Jamaica 3

4. Copy of Captain Vernon's Letter to the Governor of St.Jago on Cuba, 18 June, 1720:

Copy of Captain Vernon's Letter to the Marquis De Serel, Captain General and Governor in chief of the French Colonies of St. Domingo at Leogane, 18 June, 1720; with.

The Answer thereto, 16 September, 1720:

Copy of Captain Vernons Letter to the Marquis De Serel, 29 August, 1720:

Copy of Captain Chamberlayne's Letter to Commodore Vernon, October 11, 1720:

Copy of a Letter from Mr. of the Happy Sloop,

to Commodore Vernon, 20, 1720:

Copy of Captain Chamberlayne's Letter to Commodore

Vernon, 27 October, 1720.

5. Captain Vernon's Letter to Mr. Burchett, 7 Mar. 1720; inclosing,

6. A Collection of Letters, relating to Piracies committed by Men sheltered at Trinidado in the Havana, and other Proceedings in the West Indies.

And the Titles of the said Letters and Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Letters and Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. The said last mentioned Letters and Papers, not contained in the aforesaid Schedule, were delivered back, pursuant to the Order of the House, of the 14th Day of May, 1729; and the said scheduled Letters

and

Prfvrmion of Bribery at Elections.

Privilege.

fce'irf of lmoWent Debtors.

Supply.

Offices and laipibyrntutw

2 Geo. IL 31° Martii. — 0 3°7

and Papers are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. W'at kin Williams Wynn (according to Order) re-

ported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more effectual preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, was committed, the Amendments, the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the said Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House;

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Oglethorpe, by Direction of the Committee appointed to enquire into the State of the Gaols of this Kingdom, acquainted the House, that Richard , a Tipstaff to Thomas Bam bridge, Warden of the Fleet Prison, had spoken Words refleding upon the Proceedings of the said Committee, and the Authority thereof.

Resolved, That Richard Corbet, a Tipstaff to Thomas Bambridge, Warden of the Fleet Prison, having spoken Words refleding upon the Proceedings and the Authority of a Committee of this House, appointed to enquire into the State of the Gaols of this Kingdom, is guilty of a high Contempt of the Authority of this House, and a Breach of the Privilege thereof.

Ordered, That the said Richard Corbet be, for his said Offence, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

The Order being read* for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee to whom the Bill for Relief of insolvent Debtors, was committed;

And a Debate arising in the House, touching the Relief intended to be given by the said Bill j

Ordered, That the Bill be re-committed.

Ordered, That the Bill be re-committed to the same Committee:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The other Orders of the Day being read

kefohed, That this House will, upon Monday, the Fourteenth Day of April next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for indemnifying Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices or Employments within the Time limited by Law. and for allowing further Time for that Purposej and for repealing so much of an Act of Parliament, passed in the First Year of his late Majesty King George the First, as requires Persons to qualify themselves for Offices or Employments within Three Months, and for limiting other Times for such Qualifications.

Mr. Speakei left the Chair.

Mr. Winnington took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Wimington reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Wednesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vol, 21.

Mart is, i° die;

Anno a* Georgii IP1 Regis> 1729» Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An

to enable William Graham, Son of "John Graham, late Alderman of Drogheda, in the Kingdom of Ireland, to make Leases of several Parts of his Estate in the Counties of Lowth and Meath, and in the County of the Town of Drogheda, for the better Improvement thereof, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That John Orlebar, Esquire, have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Bill for making more effectual several Acts passed, relating to Watermen, Wherrymen, and Lightermen, rowing on the River Thamei, and for better ordering and governing such Watermen, Wherrymeni and Lightermen, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bi'.l be committed.

Refined, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Seven-night, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That William Lacon Child, Esquire, hare Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

An ingrosseu Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing, and further Punishment, of Forgery, Perjury, and Subornation of Perjury, and to make it Felony to steal Bonds, Notes, or other Securities, for Payment of Money, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Sir John Jennings have Leave to go into the Country for Recovery of his Health.

A Bill for better paving and cleansing the Streets in the City and Liberty of Westm and other Places within the Limits of the weekly Bills of Mortality in the County of Middlesex, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. , Mr. Brereton, Mr. Ftrnon. Sir John Norris, Sir Wilfrid Lawfoit, Mr. Patey, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Wither, Sir Richard Lane, Lord Gage, Lord , Mr. Oglethorpe, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Mr. Scawen-,

Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Chetwynd, Lord Najj'au Powlet. Sir Wm. Willys, Mr. Laroche, Mjr. Robarts, Mr. lower, Mr. Thompson, Sir Robert Fitrmfe, Mr. Cross, Sit Charles Turner, Mr. Earle, Mr. Duncomb, Mr. Edwards, Dr. Sayer, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. HalJey, Mr. Townsend, Sir Charles Wager, Mr. Harr if on, Mr. , Mr. Byng,

Mr. Cartzvright, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Treasurer, Mr. Scrope, Mr. Moor, Mr. Fane, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Gould, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Plumptre, General Sabine, Lord Charles Cavendish, Sir Wm. Milner, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Crisp, Mr. Plum, Mr. Cary, Mr. Mr. Metcalfe, Mr. Qoddington, Sir Tho. , Mr. Booth, Mr. Holland, Colonel ReadSir Charles Hot ham Mr. Butler; and all the Members, that serve for the

City of London, and County of Middlesex: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Alderman Child reported from the Committee to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act to prevent Abuses in the making of Bricks and Tiles, and to ascertain the Dimensions thereof, and " to prevent all unlawful Combinations amongst any " Brick-makers, or'Pile-makers, within Fifteen Miles ot " the City of London, in order to advance or enhance the Price of Bricks, ot Tiles," was committed, that the 24 Committee

Graham'i

Estate.

Leave of Absence.

Regulating

Thames

Watermen,

&c.

leave of Absence.

Punishment of Forgery,

Leave of Absence*-

Westminflcf

Streets.

Ericks and Tiles making.

3o8

1* — 1° A

A. 2179;

Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the said Amendments were severally read.a Second time, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were disagreed with, and others agreed unto, by the House.

AClause was offered to be added to the Bill, for making temporary the former Act of the Twelfth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, and also this Act.

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks 1 which were filled up; and the Clause was amended.

And then the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill. 0P-

And other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Prevention An ingrafted Bill for the more effectual preventing of Bribery at Bribery and Corruption in the Elections of Members to eitH#ii*. jcrVt. jn Parliament, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals; and that the Title be, An Act for the more effectual preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Watkin Williams Wynne do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Thurston and

Mr. Mc-sham:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Vesting the Advowson of the Vicarage of , in

the County of York, in his Majesty, in Exchange for the Advowson of the Vicarage of in the fame

County, thereby vested in the Archbishop of Yorkj to which the Lords desire the Concurrence ol this House;

And also, the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for exemplifying the last Will Esquire, and for making the same Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity in Great Britain and Ireland; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also, the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Robert CoteJ Esquire, to fell Part of an Estate, held by Leate of the Bishop of Durham, for Discharge of his Debts; to which the Lords desire the Concurience of this House:

And also, the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Henry Chaytor, Gentleman, to limit a Jointure to a Wife, and to let Leases for Twenty-one Years, of his Estate at O'-oft, in the Counryot York, to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

Brafferton &c. Exchange of Advowson*.

Warneford'*

Will.

Coresworth'i

Eftjie

Chaytor'*

Euate.

Leave of Absence.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Baronet, have

Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That John Walcot, Esquire, have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Regulating A Bill for the better qualifying and regulating Attor-A tornie* and neys and Solicitors, and Persons practising as such, was hol ciiurs. reac| a $cconc| time.

liefulved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, Tiu't the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Seven-

n'ght, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Spanish The Order of the Day being read, for the House to

Depredations refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to contider further of the Petition of the several Merchants, and others, trading to America, from the Port of Liver -22

poole, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, in behalf of themselves, and many others; and also the Petition of the incorporated Society of Merchants-adventurers Within the City of BriftoT, and also the Petition of divers Merchants, and others, trading to Portugal, Spain, and Italy, tcc. in behalf of themselves, and many others; and also the Petition of several Merchants, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many others, trading to and from the Island of Sicily, and Parts adjacent;

Ordered, That the Lift of his Majesty's Ships and Vessels, employed each Year, since the Peace of Utrecht, as Station Ships in his Majesty's several Colonies in America, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copies of so much of the Orders, or Instructions, given to the Commanders of his Majesty's Ships, stationed at Jamaica since the Peace of Utrecht, as felate to their protecting the Trade of his Majesty's Subjects, or cruising against. Pirates, or others, who interrupt the fame, and also Copies of so much of the Letters from the said Commanders to the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or their Secretary, as relate ro the said Orders, and Instructions, with the Answers of the said Commissioners, or their Secretary', thereunto; together with Captain Vernons Letters, and other Papers, presentecl to the House Yesterday, relating to Piracies, and other Proceedings in the West Indies \ be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Winnington took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Winnington reported from the Committee, that they had made a further Progress in the Matters referred to them; and that the Committee had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow at Twelve of the Clock, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Petition of the several Merchants, and others, trading to America from the Port of Liverpool, in the County Palal ine of Lancaster, in behalf of themselves, and many others; and also the Petition of the incorporated Society of Merchants-adventurers within the City of Bristol-, and also the Petition of divers Merchants, and others, trading to Portugal, Spain, and Italy, &c. in behalf of themselves, and many others; and also the Petition of several Merchants, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many others, trading to and from the Island of Sicily, and Parts adjacent; and also to consider of the several Papers referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 2° di Aprilis;

Anno a* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1729. Prayers.

R. Polhill presented to the House (according to

M

Order) a Bill for regulating, well ordering, and improving, the Oyster Fishety in the River Medway, and Waters thereof, under the Authority of the Mayor and Citizens of the City of Rochester, in the County of Kent\

and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Ch*rtor'* to enable Henry Chaytor, Gentleman, to limit a Jointure to a Wife, and to let Leases for Twenty-one Years, of his Estate at Croft, in the County of York, was read the First time.

Resolved, Thatflie Bill be read a Second time.

An

1:;

L

Jfc.

V

t

K

MWtfay

Oyster

Fishcrv.

a

to

»f.

H:

6

!b

b

li;

co

Jr,

in

k]

io

c

ir

it

2 Geo. II. 2* Aprilis.

309

Umplugh's An ingrossed Bill From the Lords, intituled, An Act Mwiage for vesting in Thomas LamplugClerk, and his Heirs, SttttoneM. Rectory of Felkirk, in the County of , being leasehold for three Lives, comprised in his Marriage Settlement, and for settling other Fee-simple Lands and Tenements in Potto, in the same County, of better Value, in lieu thereof, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mn Thompson,

Sir Geo. Oxen den, Lord Limerick, Dr. Sayer, Sir Charles Turner, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Hucks, Sir Richard Ldne, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Mr.

Hope, Mr. Corbett, Sit James Campbell, Mr. Campbell, Sir George Saunders, Mr. Crowle, Mr. Lawfott, Mr. Sandys,

, Mr. Longuevilie, Mr. Metcalfe, Sir Nathanael Sir

Thomas Hales, Mr. Gybbon, Colonel , Mr. Selv/yn,

Mr. Pacey, Sir Archibald Grant, Mr. Ward, Mr.

Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Clutter buck, Mr. Alderman Perry, Lord Archibald Hamilton, Mr. Lord Mr.

Norris, Sir Tho. Lowther, L.ord Galloway, Mr. Turner,

Sir Wm. Strickland, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Geers-, and all the Members that l'erve for the Counties of York and Durham: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

leave of Ordered, That John Bigg, Esquire, have Leave to

Absence. go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Importation Mr. Sandys presented to the House (according to Order)

ofRaw Silk, a Bill to repeal an Act, of the Sixth Year of his late Majesty Ring George, intituled, "An Act for the prohibit-I "ing the Importation of raw Silk, and Mohair Yarn,

" of the Product or Manufacture of Asia, from any " Ports or Places in the Straits, or Levant Seas, except " such Ports and Places as are within the Dominions of I " the Grand Seignior;" and the same was received, and

| read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

! Cownment Mr. Treasurer, by his Majesty's Command, presented " r tar' to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, of IVedmfday last, Copies of the Proceedings that have been had for the establishing a civil Government at Gibraltar, and for declaring the same a free Port.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

(tyure of Mr. Treasurer also, by his Majesty's Command, pre-

Brmlh Ships fented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, of the Tenth of March last, Docquets of all Memorials, Petitions, and Representations, to his Majesty, or to his late Majesty, or their principal Secretaries of State, in relation to Spanish Captures of British Ships, belonging to the Subjects of this Kingdom, which I have been delivered into the Offices of the said Secretaries

of State, the Originals whereof have been regularly sent to his Majesty's Ministers at Madrid, and those, upon which Redress had not been obtained, were put into the Hands of his Majesty's Plenipotentiaries at the Time of their Departure for the Congress at Soiflbns, and are now there.

And the Titles of the said Docquets were read.

Ordered, That the said Docquets of Memorials, Petitions, and Representations, be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Petition of the several Merchants, and others, trading to America from the Port of Liverpoole, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, in behalf of themselves, and many others, and also the Petition of the incorporated Society of Merchants-ad venturers within the City of Bristol, and also the Petition of divers Merchants, and others, trading to Portugal, Spain, and Italy, &c. in behalf of themselves, and many others, and also the Petition of several Merchants, whose Names are thereunto Vol. 21.

subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many others, trading to and from the Island of Sicily, and Parts adjacent, and who are also to consider of the several Papers, referred to the Consideration of the said Commit! ee.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Settling settling the Price of Corn and Grain imported, and PriceofOttrt* for ascertaining the Quantity of Corn'exported; and that l,nPert c*

Mr. Scrope, the Lord William Powlelt, and Sir Charles Turner, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for making the Hamlet of , Wappfog

in the Parish of Saint Dunstan, Steb'unheath, alias Stepney, new Chinch, in the County of Middlesex, a distinct Parish, and for providing a Maintenance for the Minister of the new Church' there, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, to prevent the said Church being holden in Commendam.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into Spanlfh a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Depredations the Petition of the several Merchants, and others, trading American to America from the Port of Liverpoole, in the County e‘

Palatine of Lancaster, in behalf of themselves, and many others, and also the Petition of the incorporated Society of Merchants-adventurers within the City of Bristol and also the Petition of divers Merchants, and others, trading to Portugal, Spain, and Italy, &c. in behalf of themselves, and many others, and also the Petition of several Merchants, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many others; trading to and from the Island of Sicily, and Parts adjacent, and also to consider of the several Papers, referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Winnington took the Chair of the Corhmittee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Winnington reported from the Committee; that the Committee had come to some Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, and also to make a Motion to the House, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning. /

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this' House will, upon Monday Seven- Suppression night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, of Piracy. upon the Bill for the better suppressing of Piracy, and for giving all Prizes, taken from the Enemy, to the Captors.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole an"Mcanv House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Office* and whole House, to whom the Bill for indemnifying Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices or Employments within the Time limited by Law* and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; and for repealing so much of an Act of Parliament, pafl'ed in the First Year of his late Majesty King George the First, as requires Persons to qualify themselves for Offices or Employments within Three Months, and for limiting other Times for such Qualifications, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Committee Elections be adjourned of Privileges.

41 And

i° — 3° Aprilis. -d- *729-

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 3* Apr His;

Anno 2° Georgii lid* Regis, 1729, Prayers.

tTarneford's A N ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act lx. for exemplifying the lad Will of Edmund Warnt-ford, Esquire, and for making the same Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity in Great Britain and was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Cotefwocth's An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act ilftate, to enable Robert Cotesworth, Esquire, to fell Part of an Estate, held by Lease of the Bishop of for Dif-

cfiarge of his Debts, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Fleet Prison; Mr. Oglethorpe presented to the House (according to Bambtifge Order) a Bill to disable Thomas Esquire, to

from being hold or execute the Office of Warden of the Prison of

Warden. thz. Fleet, or to have or exercise any Authority relating thereto; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Registering A Petition of divers Gentlemen, and Freeholders, in De«ls, &c. the West Division of the County of Surrey, was presented in urrey. tQ jqoufe> an(j read. setting forth, that the Petitioners are informed, there is a Bill depending in the House, for publick registering of all Deeds, Conveyances, and other Incumbrances, that shall be made of, or that may affect, any Honours, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the county of ; which, they apprehend, may be highly prejudicial to their Properties: And praying, that they may be heard by their Counsel against the said Bill, before it pals into a Law*

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, . until the Bill for publick registering of all Deeds, Conveyances, and other Incumbrances, that shall be made of, or that may affect, any Honours, Manors. Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the County of Surrey, be read the Third time; and that the Petitioners, if they think fit, be then heard by their Counsel against the said Bill.

A Petition of several other Gentlemen, and Freeholders of the said County, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that they are informed, there is a Bill in this House, for publick registering of all Deeds, Conveyances, and other Incumbrances, that may affect any Honours, Lands, or Tenements, within the County of Surrey -, which, they apprehend, may highly prejudice the Petitioners Property: And praying, that they may be heard by their Counsel against the said Bill, before it pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table,

- until the Bill for publick registering of all Deeds, Conveyances, and other Incumbrances, that shall be made of, or that may affect any Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the County of be read the Third time; and that the Petitioners, if they think fit, be then heard by their Counsel against the said Bill.

A Petition of other Gentlemen, and Freeholders, of the said County, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that there is a Bill in the House, for registering Estates in the County of Surrey; which, the Petitioners apprehend, will very much affect the Properties of all Persons interested in that County, and may be of ill Consequence: And praying, that they may be heard by Counsel against the passing of such a Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for publick registering of all Deeds, Conveyances, and other Incumbrances, that shall fie made of.

or that may affect, any Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the County of Surrey, be read the Third time; and that the Petitioners, if they think fit, be then heard by their Counsel against the said Bill.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard for the said Bill at the same time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third time upon Wednesday Sevennight.

Ordered, That Thomas Geers, Esquire, have Leave to Lave of go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That George Speke, Esquire, have Leave to go , into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions*

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Thurslon, and:

Mr. Boroughs: j

Mr. Speaker, ' t

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Ra<idiffc'«

Sale of Part of the Estate of Walter Esquire, in *te* [

the Counties of Devon, and Somerset, and for settling other

Lands, of equal Value, in the said County of Devon, to

the same Uses, in lieu thereof; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

And also, the Lords have agreed to the Amendments, Barnet r made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Indofiut. , inclosing part of a Common, called Barnet Common,

belonging to the Manor of Chipping Barnet, in the County of Hertford, and for veiling a certain annual jj

Rent-charge in Trustees, for the Benefit of the Poor of the Parish of Chipping Barnet forever.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

§\r Orlando Bridgman to the House (according Preservatioa ]}

to Order) a Bill for better Preservation of" his Majesty's 1:

Woods in America, and for Encouragement of the fm- r ' h portation of naval Stores from thence, and to encourage the Importation of Malls, Yards, and Bo.vfprits, from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and the same

was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. / -

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time upon J

Tomorrow Sevennight. fa

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed. a

L

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do Iron ira- v; lay before this House, an Account of what Duties are ported from payable for Iron, imported from the British Colonies and Amer, ca* Plantations in America, what Quantities of Iron have been imported from thence for the lall Ten Years, and how much the Duties, paid for the same, amounted to, distinguishing each Year.

*ame.

An ingrossed Bill to enable Arthur Geoghegan, alias Geoghegan'« Stafford, Esquire, to take upon him the Surname of Ni Stafford only, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be.

An Act to enable Arthur Geoghegan, alias Stafford, Esquire, to take upon him the Surname of only.

Ordered, That the Lord Finch do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Mr. Bramston reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Relief of insolverit Debtors, was re committed, the Amendments, the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table j where the Report was read; and/ several of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The

Jlr

Leave of

Absence.

Relief of

insolvent ':;hu

Debton, jtfaj

ki

7 \

1

2 Geo. H.

3° — 9°

311

Spanish

Trtde.

'; i

AxJ

The Amendment, made by the Committed, Fo. L. # sustained, by the Spaniards taking and seizing several of being read a Second time; their Ships, Merchandizes, and Effects, in manifest Viola-

And the Question being proposed, That the House do tion of the Treaties subsisting between the Two Crowns. agree with the Committee, in the said Amendment; Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon; Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his

A Motion was. made, and the Question being put, Majesty's moil honourable Privy Council.

That the Bill be re-committed; That the said first-mentioned Resolution of

It passed in the Negative. this House be humbly laid before his Majesty at the

Then the said Amendment was, upon the Question same time with their said Address. put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Mr. (according to Order) reported from the ' and

Report be adjourned till this Day Sevenrtight, Twelve Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Emrlor*ent'* 1 of the Clock. indemnifying Persons who have omitted to qualify them-

selves for Offices orEmployments, withinthcTimelimited Mr. Winnington (according to Order) reported from the by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose,

Depredation* Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred and for repealing so much of an Act of Parliament, passed ofl ^trican toconsiderfurther of the Petition of the several Merchants, in the First Year of his late Majesty King George the and others, trading to America from the Port of Liverpool, First, as requires Persons to qualify themselves for Offices in the County Palatine of Lancaster, in behalf of them* or Employments within Three Months; and for limiting selves, and many others, and also the Petition of the other Times for such Qualifications, was committed; incorporated Society of Merchants-adventurers within the that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made City of Bristol, and also the Petition of divers Merchants, several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed and others, trading to Portugal, Spain, and Italy, 8cc. in him to report to the House: And he read the same in

behalf of themselves, and many others, and also the Peti* his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the tion of several Merchants, whole Names are thereunto Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the said subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many others. Amendments were once read throughout, and then a trading to and from the IslandofS/f//y, and Parts adjacent, Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question feve-and also to consider further of the several Papers, referred tally put thereupon, some of them were disagreed with, to the Consideration of the said Committee, the Refo- and others agreed unto, by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for Relief of such Mailers, Fellows, Professors, and Readers, in any of the Universities, as have neglected to subscribe the Declaration, required by Law,

And the said Clause was Twice read With Blanks; which were filled up.

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put

hr;

F*

As&

Grrf

u

Lrr:

Jutions, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as follows; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That several Ships, Merchandizes, and Effects, belonging to the Merchants of this Kingdom, trading to Spain,

Portugal, and Italy, have been taken and seized by the thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part Spaniards, in manifest Violation of the Treaties subsisting of the Bill.

between the Two Crowns, for which no Restitution has yet been made; and that the Mailers; and Crews, of several of the said Ships, have been barbarously and inhumanly treated.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee; That, in order to take the necessary Care of the Interests and Properties of his Majesty's Subjecb, and those of his Allies, very much concerned in the Cargo and Effects

And other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted;

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the SpittlefieM* whole House, to whom the Bill for making the Hamlet Pariflu

belonging to the Flota and Galleons, and that all possible of Spit tie fields, in the Parish of St. Dunfians,

Justice might be done to all Parties interested therein, and alias Stepney, in the County of a d iftinCl Parish,

to the End that the said Treasure should not be employed and for providing a Maintenance for the Minister of such in carrying on, and supporting, dangerous Measures and new Parish,;... be received upon Morning

Engagements against his Majesty, and his Allies, the next;

Orders and Instructions, given to Vice-admiral Hojier, to block up the Flota and Galleons, and to endeavour to secure and detain them, without any Embezzlement, until Justice and Satisfaction, should be given to his Majesty, and his Allies, were just, prudent, and necessary, tending very much to prevent an open Rupture, and to preserve the Peace and Tranquillity of Europe,

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to enquire Enquiry into into the State of the Gaols of this Kingdom, have Leave the State to fit, during the Adjournment of the House.

of Giols,

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for better paving and cleansing the Streets in the City and

Westmiaftct

Street!.

The laid Resolutions, being severally read a Second Liberty or and other Places within the

time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon. Limits of the weekly Bills of Mortality, in the County

agreed unto by the House.

Mr. Winnington also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to use his bell Endeavours to obtain all just and reasonable Satisfaction for the Losses and Damages, which the Merchants of this Kingdom, trading to Spain, Portugal, and Italy, have sustained, by the

Spaniards taking and seizing several of their Ships, Merchandizes, and Effects, in manifest Violation of the Treaties subsisting between the Two Crowns.

And Mr. Winnington moved the House accordingly. Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his

of Middlesex, is committed, have Leave to fit, during the Adjournment of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Wednesday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 90 die Aprilis;

Anno a0 Georgii IIdi Regis, 17291 Pa AYERS.

MR. Treasurer reported to the House, that their Address, with the Resolution of the House, of Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to use his bell Tbwfday last, relating to the Losses and Damages, which Endeavours to obtain all just and reasonable Satisfaction the Merchants of this Kingdom have sustained, by the for the Losses and Damages, which the Merchants of this Spaniards taking and seizing several of their Ships, Mer-Kingdom, trading to Spain, Portugal, and Italy^ have chandizes, and Effects, in manifest Violation of the Voi. £1. Treaties

Answer tj» Add ref*

9° Aprilis.

A. 1719.

Treaties subsisting between the Two Crowns, bad been upon good Proof, that the same is equal in Goodness to

presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had been pleased to command him to acquaint this House, That his Majesty is always extremely Concerned, when he hears of the Losses and Sufferings of his Subjects; and will continue to use his best Endeavours, as he hath hitherto done, upon all Occasions, to obtain for them just and reasonable Satisfaction.

the European Iron, and in every respect as uftful: And praying, that Encouragements may be given, for setting up and erecting Furnaces, for running and catting Pig Iron in the British Plantations in and for

importing the same into Great Britain.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Earl of Grandison's &c. 'Mates.

Ordered, That the Bill to repeal an Act, of the Sixth Impwarm* An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Year of his late Majesty King George, intituled, "An Act of Rawiulk. for settling the Estates of John Earl of Grandison, in the " for prohibiting the Importation of raw Silk, and Mohair Kingdom of Ireland, and James Fitzgerald Villiers, Esquire " Yarn, of the Product or Manufacture of Asia, from (commonly called Lord Villiers')his Son, and Heir appa- "any Ports or Places in the Straits, or Levant Seas, rent, pursuant to an Agreement, made before, and in " except such Ports and Places, as are within the Consideration of, the Marriage of the said Lord Villiers " Dominions of the Grand Seignior," be read a Second

with Jane, his Wife, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Annejlty, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Harrison, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Earle, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir Geo. Cajwall, Mr. Williams, Mr.

Campbell, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Sir Edmund Mr. I'ozvnjhend, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Alderman , Mr. Ward, Mr. Martin, Mr. Compton, Colonel Read, Sir Tho. Hales, Sir Or I. Bridgman, Mr. Mr. Goddard, Mr.

Medway

Oyfler

Fishery.

time upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That John Laroche, Esquire, have Leave to go into the Country for a Week, upon extraordinary Occasions.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of Walter Radcliffe, Eiquirej

Lra»tof

Absence.

Raddift'i

liftatt.

Scawen, Mr. Coppleston, Mr. Baron Tkomfon, Mr. Brereton, id the Counties of Devon and and for settling

Mr. Arfcot, Sir Edward Knatchbull, Mr. , Mr

Oglethorpe, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Mr. Gybbon,

Mr. Alderman Parsons, Mr. Sir Richard Lane,

Mr. Clayton, Mr. Conduit, Lord Morpeth, Lord Archibald Hamilton, Sir Geo. Saunders, Sir Wm. Milner, Lord Inchiquin, Mr. Cross, Mr. Pitt, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Sir Robert Sutton, Mr. Shuttleworth, Sir Robert Clifton, Sir Thomas Sounder[on, Sir John Hind Cotton, Sir Wm. .

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

other Lands, of equal Value, in the said County of Devon, to the same Uses, in lieu thereof, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Cotefironh'*

- - - Edate.

enable Robert Cotefworlh, Esquire, to fell Part of an Estate, held by Lease of the Bishop of > for

Discharge of his Debts, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bowes, Sir Archibald Grant, Mr Bacon, Mr. Bertie, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Corker, Colonel Read, Mr. A Bill for regulating, well ordering, and improving Pacey, Mr. Ottgley, Colonel Mr. Jenifon, Mr.

the Oyster Fishery in the River Medway, and Waters Morris, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Easte, Mr. Dun-thereof, under the Authority of the Mayor and Citizens comb, Mr. War dour, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Winnington, Mr. of the City of Rochester, in the County of Kent, was Cope, Mr. Banks, Sir Wm. Barker, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Wil-read a Second time. Hams, Mr. Crojfe; and all the Members that serve for the

Resolved, That the Bill be Committed to Sir Thomas Counties of Durham and Northumberland: And they Hales, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Mr. Campbell, Mr. aie to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Corker, Colonel Read, Mr. Williams, Sir Nathanael Speaker's Chamber.

Curzon, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Bacon, Lord Wm. Powlett, Sir Wm. Tonge, Mr. Cockburn, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Alderman Child, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Duckett,

Mr. Hucks; and all the Members, that serve for the County of Kent, and the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Leomiufter

Roads.

same County, thereby vested in the Arch bishop of York, was read the First time.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, that his Majesty had been informed of the Contents of the said Bill, and had been plealed to command him to acquaint this House, that his Majesty gives his Content, that this House may do therein, as they think lit.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time.

Sir George Cafwall reported from the Committee, to Whom the Bill for repairing the several Roads therein mentioned, leading into the Town of Leominster, in the County of Hereford was committed; that the Committee A Bm for obviating any Doubts or Difficulties, that

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend- may arise from an Act passed in the First Year of his ments thereunto, which they had directed him to report sent Majest intitu!e^ An to explain and to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and <* amend an Act> passed in the Thirteenth Year of his

Sale of Scotch forfeitedEftita

Iron imported from America.

afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the said Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of Birmingham, and Parts

adjacent. Manufacturers in Iron, was presented to the ....

House, and read; setting forth, that the Iron Manufacture nex^ resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, is one of the moll beneficial Trades in that Part of the upon the said Bill.

Kingdom, whereby many Thousand Familiesarefubfifted,

who have suffered very much for want of Pig Iron; and Mr. Alderman Barnard (according to Order) reported there having been several Specimensof Iron lately brought from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the from the British Plantations in America, it appears thereby. Bill for making the Hamlet of in the Parish

- of

late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the Sale of " such of the forfeited Estates in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, as remain unfold, and are veiled " in the Crown, and for determining such Claims on the " said Estates, as, having been duly entered, remain " undetermined," was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning

h

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Brafferton

----- , ..... ..... for veiling the Advowson of the Vicarage of &c- Ex-

Mr. Polhiil, Mr. Hales, Sir George Oxenden, Mr. Jacomb, in the County of York, in his Majesty, in Exchange for Advowson* General Wade, Mr. Brooksbank, Mr. Gibson, Mr. Gwynn, the Advowson of the Vicarage of Bifkopthorp, in the

lie

Ptl

X

JL

tun

(tin

ft

V*

uft

Ifc

‘DC

Sp'nlefielt'

Pariflh,

is:

Sect

II;.

Hr.

k

Hr.

1

J

i Geo. II.

9° — io°

of St. Dunstan's Stebunhtath, alias Stepney, in the County of Middlesex, a distinct Parish, and for providing a Maintenance for the Mini Her of such new Parish, was committed, the Amendments, the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place,

Mr. Vane, Mr, Dr. Clark, Mr. Sir

fVm. , Mr. Lyfier, Sir Roger , Sir

Robert Mr. Mr. Allington, Mr.

Mr. Compton, Mr. Mr. Oglethorpe, Mr.

, Mr. Lord Wm Rowlett, Lord Morpeth,

Sir Richard Lane, Sir John Act ley. Colonel Read, Mr. and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, Cary, Mr. and all the Members, that serve

jjT'j

in at the Clerk's Table; where the said Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, one of them was disagreed with, and the rest i were agreed unto by the House, and other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

ftrt Prison; Ordered, That the Bill to disable Thomas Bambridge, Esquire, to hold or execute the Office of Warden of the from Heinz Prison of the Fleet, or to have or exercise any Authority Wifdco. 8 relating thereto, be read a Second time upon Saturday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till To-morroyv Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, io° die Apr ills \

Anno 2* Georgii II" Regis, 1729.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Mayor, capital Burgesses, and Assistants, together with the Merchants, Serge-makers, Fullers, and other the principal Inhabitants, of the Borough of Tiverton, in Devon, in behalf of themselves, and many Thousand poor Labourers in the Woollen Manufacture in the said Borough, and in the Parts adjacent, was presented to the House, and read complaining of the great Decay of the'AVoollen Manufacture, and the Increase of their Poor; which the Petitioners attribute to the running of Wool from Ireland into foreign Parts; whereby Foreigners, mixing the same with their own Wool, otherwise useless, are enabled to rival the W oollen Manufactures of this Kingdom, to the great endangering the Lois thereof: And therefore praying such Redrels, as to the Uoufethall seem fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a " Bill for appointing a better nightly Watch, and regulating the Beadles, in that Part of Great Britain called Rngland, and for better enlightening the Streets, and publick Passages, within the weekly Bills of Mortality; and that Mr* Clayton, of Westminster, the Lord Charles Cavendish, and Mr. Scrope, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Woollen

Miaofjftnrt.

Regulating the Nightly Witch, &c

Settling Price of Coro imported, frc-

Sh Charles Turner presented to the House (according to Order) a Bill for settling the Price of Corn and Grain imported, and for ascertaining the Quantity of Corn exported; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

for the Counties of York and Durham: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act WarnetortF* for exemplifying the last Will of Edmund Will.

Elqutrc, and for making the same Evidence in all Courts,

of Law and Equity in Great Britain and Ireland, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Child, Mr. Bertie, Sit Nathanael Curz, Lord Mr. Fane, Sir John Shelley, Mr. Compton, Mr. Allington,

Mr. Longueville, Mr. Sandys, Colonel Read, Sir Richard Lane, Mr. Cary, Lord Morpeth, Mr. , Mr. Bowes,

Sir Geo. Saville, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. , Mr. Duckett,

Mr. Jennifon, Mr. Paces, Lord Vane, Mr. Vane, Mr.

Shuttleworth, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Papillon, Dr.

Mr. Manfell, Mr. Willoughby, Sir Wm. , Mr.

Lyfier, Sir Roger Meredith, Sir Robert Fumefe, Mr.

Mr. Devereux, Lord Wm. Pewlett, Mr. Mr. Earle,

Mr. Clavering, Sir Wm. Milner, Mr. Jacomb, Mr.

Serjeant Birch, Mr. Oglethorpe, Mr. Annesley, Mr. Bram-fton, Mr. Clayton, Sir Edmund Bacon; and all the Members, that serve for the County of And they

are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Clothiers in the County of Gloucester, importation whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of them- of Raw Silk, l'dyes, and others, concerned in the Woollen Manufacture, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners find by the Votes of this House, a Bill is ordered to be brought in, for repealing an Act, 6* Georgii Imi, intituled, "An Act for prohibiting the Importation " of raw Silk, and Mohair Yarn, of the Product and " Manufacture of Act a, from any Ports or Places in the " Levant Seas, except such Ports or Places, asarewirhin " the Dominions of the Grand SeigniorThat, in case the said Bill should pals, it will be very detrimental to the Woollen Manufactures of the said Couqty; the Turkey Company, before the passing that Act, annually exporting from 70 to £.80,000. in Sterling, but, since, they have exported no Silver, but, instead thereof,‘Woollen Cloths, and have obliged themselves so to do, as long as the said Act subsists; and the Petitioners are informed, that the giving a Liberty to import raw Silk, and Mohair Yarn, from Leghorn, and the Straits, will be the opening of a . Baok-doorfor the French to import raw Silk, and Mohair

Yarn into this Kingdom, it being the Produce of French Cloth, and other Woollen Manufactures: And praying, that the said Bill may not pais into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Chay for's Estate.

% ril

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Grand Jury, Recovery of and Gentlemen, of the County of Devon, assembled at Wages, fcc, the Assizes, held at the Castle of Exon, in and for the said County, on the Twenty-fourth Day of

March, 1728, was presented to the House, and read;.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act setting forth, that no effectual Method is prescribed jay to enable Henry Chaytor, Gentleman, to limit a Jointure the Statutes of this Kingdom for Recovery of Wages to a Wife, and to let Leases, for Twenty-one Years, of in Husbandry, nor for the Recovery of other Wages, and his Estate at Croft, in the County of York, was read a small Debts, unless by bringing Actions, the Expences Second time. of which are. often the Ruin of many poor People: And

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bowes, praying that the House will find feme more effectual Mr. Turner, Mr. Alderman Child, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Method to prevent*the like Inconveniencies.

Lord Gage, Lord Vane, Sir Geo. Saville, Mr. Plumptre, OrdThat the said Petition do lie upon the Table. Mr. Shuttleworlh, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Harley, Mr.

Foley, Mr. Williams, Mr. Duckett, Mr. Bertie, Dir. Mr. Earle reported from the Committee appointed to Disorders of Sayer, Mr. Clavering, Mr. Serjeant Birch, Mr. Manfell, consider of proper Methods for more effectual preventing Footmen in Mr. Willoughby, Mr. Jennifon, Mr. Patty, Nix, Clayton, the Difo refers of Footmen, complained of the Seventeenth Waiting. Vol.21. 4K of

3*4

io

Aprilis.

A. 17 £9.

of Marchlaft, that, upon Examination of the Matter, the The Committee also perused the said Lease from Committee found, that the Want of a convenient Place Mr. and Mr. Prescott, of 23d , 1708;

(since there-building of the Court of Requefis) for the Foot- whereby they granted to Mr. Turner., for 62 Years, at men, actending the Members of this House to wait in, a Rent of £.15. ioj. One Parlour, a Kitchen,

has beeen a great Occasion of the said Disorders; and that and several Chambers, Rooms, particularly enume-the Room (Part of the Court of Wards) now used for rated, the Use of the Passage Room, as then enjoyed. Sale of Pictures, and a Coffee Room, might be made a Rooms over the said Passage Room, and the Use of the convenient Place for the said Footmen, and be a Means Auction Room, adjoining to the said Passage Room, as to prevent such Disorders; and that the Committee had then enjoyed, when the Service of her Majesty, her directed him to report also to the House the Matter as it Heirs and Successors, doth not require the said Auction appeared to them, concerning the said Room: And he Room.

read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it That an humble Address be presented to his

in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is Majesty, that, in order to prevent the many Disorders, as follows; viz. which have happened from the want of a convenient Place,

That the Committee observing Part of the said Room since the rebuilding the for the Foot-

is made use of for the Sale of Pictures, and the other men, attending the Members of this House, to wait in Part for a Coffee Room, examined the several Persons in his Majesty will be graciously pleased to give Directions, relation thereto j viz. that the Room, called the Au eft ion Room, and the Coffee

Mr. lVm. Prescott; who laid, that King James ift, by Room thereto adjoining, formerly Part of the Court of Letters patent, bearing Date the 20th May, 1617, granted Wards, may be fitted up, for the said Footmen to attend to Bartholomew Rogers, and his Heirs, the Office of Door- in; and to ashire his Majesty, that, if he shall think keeper, or Usher, of the Court of Wards, with several proper to order a Satisfa<flion to be made to the Persons, Apartments, and Houses, thereto belonging: That the who have for many Years been permitted to use the fame, said Grant, as Mr. Prescott apprehends, included the Room, this House will make good any Expence, his Majesty commonly called the Picture and Coffee Room, and the shall be at for that Purpose, out of the next Aids to be Room, made use of by the Lord Chancellor: granted by Parliament.

That Thomas Coleby, Esquire, deceased, and he, Mr. Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Prescott, Executors in Trust for the Heirs of Sir Richard Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Beech, who had a Mortgage of the said Grant from the said Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

Rogers, and others, had leased all the aforesaid Premises,

except the Coffee Room, and Lord Chancellor's Room, An ingrossed Bill, for making more-effectual the Acts, for Sixty-two Years, to Mr. Henry Turner; of which passed for repairing the Road from the Stones End in Forty-two remain: Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, to the furthermofl

That, when a Coronation happens, the said Rooms are Parr of the Northern Road in the Parish of Enfield, in made use of by the Crown, and the Partitions broke the same County, next to the Parish of Cheshunt, in the County of Hertford, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; that the Title be,

An Act for making more effectual the Acts, passed for

Shoreditch, &c. Road.

down: That once, after such an Occasion, the Hall-keepers would not let the Lessees have Possession again, till Complaint was made thereof to the Lord Great

Chamberlain; when they werereflored by virtue of the repairing the Road from the StonesEnd in Shoreditck, in said Rogers Grant, as Mr. Prescott apprehends: the County of Middlesex, to the furthermofl Part of the

That he lets the Coffee Room, Part of the said Picture Northern Road in the Parish of Enfield, in the same Room, for f. 10. per Annum, but has granted no Lease; County, next to the Parish of Cheshunt, in the County of and that he does not ask any thing of the Lord Chancellor Hertford -, and for amending the Road from the Watch-for the Room he uses, because of the Advantage the house in Edmonton to the Market-place in Enfield.

Coffee Room receives, in having by that Means a Door open into Westminster Hall:

That he, Mr. Prescott, is willing tojoin with the Grandson, and great Grandson, of the said Sir Richard Beech, in conveying the Inheritance of the Coffee Room for the Sum of f. 250. and the Reversion of the Room, called the Picture or Auction Room, from the Expiration of Mr. Turner's Lease, for Three Years Purchase.

Mr. Henry Turner Broom said, that Mr. Coleby, and Mr. William Prescott, Executors of Sir Richard Beech, did by their Lease, dated 23d March, 1708, grant the said Picture or Auction Room, inter alia, for 62 Years, to Mr. Henry Turner, under whom the said Turner Broom

1 mi . 1 ' i*i^ fpi n j j

Ordered, That Mr. Bertie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing, and further Punishment, of Forgery, Perjury, and Subornation of Perjury, and to make it Felony to steal Bonds, Notes, or other Securities, for Payment of Money, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-

Punishment of Forgery, &c.

— U.)

hi

hi

'*k

claims: That they have laid outabovea Thousand Pounds night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, in Repairs of the Buildings, granted them by the said upon the said Bill.

Lease; and that his Livelihood depends chiefly on that

Room, for shewing his Pictures:

Then, when it is made use of at a Coronation, or the Trial of Peers, the Partitions, which are then taken down, are put up again at the Government's Charge:

The House (according to Order) proceeded to take into Relief of further Consideration the Report from the Committee, j to whom the Bill for the Relief of lnlolvenc Debtors, was e°for,'

committed.

And several other Amendments, made by the Com-

That he is willing to part with the said Room for £.25. mittee to the Bill, as far as Clause A, were read

per Annum, during the Remainder of his Lease, which is a Second time, and, upon the Qaedioo feverahy put about Forty-two Years to come: thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

That the Committee sent for the said Grant, mentioned Clause A, for giving the Benefit of the Act to such by Mr. Prescott; and find, that King James ill, on the Prisoners in the Fleet and King's Bench Prisons, as came

20th of May, in the 15th of Year of his Reign, did grant thither by Habeas Corpus, or voluntary Surrender in to Bartholomew Rogers, and his Heirs, the Office of Door- Discharge of their Bail, being read a Second time; keeper of the Court of Wards and Liveries, with the Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Clause be Houses, Buildings, and all other Profits, to the said Office pollponed,

belonging, heretofore enjoyed by William Pratt, or any Clause B, to limit the Time for obtaining

other Door-keeper, with an annual Fee of Five Pounds, being read a Second rime; the same was, upon the

and Twenty Shillings for his Livery. Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Clause

2 Geo. II.

i o

11

Aprilis.

3*5

Clause C, for making Estates Entail liable, being read a Second time;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Ordered, That the further Confederation of the said Report be further adjourned till Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Regulating Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning,

A — resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

in the Twelfth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act to prevent Abuses in the making of Bricks " and Tiles, and to ascertain the Dimensions thereof, " and to prevent all unlawful Combinations amongst " any Brick-makers, or Tile-makers, within Fifteen " Miles of the City of London, in order to advance or " inhance the Price of Bricks or Tiles," was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in

upon the Bill for the better qualifying and regulating the Twelfth Year of his late Majesty s Reign, intituled,

Attorneys and Solicitors, and Persons practising as l'uch

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Civil List Revenue!.

Vienerisy 11°Aprilis;

Anno 2° Georgii IP' Regis, 1729. Prayers.

jDESOLVED, That an humble Address be

so ktic

" An Act to prevent Abuses in the making of Bricks " and Tiles, and to ascertain the Dimensions thereof, " and to prevent all unlawful Combinations amongst " any Brick-makers, or Tile-makers, within Fifteen " Miles of the City of London, in order to advance or tf inhanfe the Price of Bricks or Tiles."

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Child do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for repairing the several Roads therein mentioned, leading into the Town of in the County of , was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for repairing the several Roads therein mentioned, leading into the Town of in the

Civil List Revenues within the Year, from Midsummer County of Hereford.

1727, to Midsummer 1728, over and above the annual, Ordered, That Sir

Leominster

Road*.

pre-

fented to his Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers to Jay before this House, an Account of the Produce of the

l;L

ttr-

oi:*r

Lord

Molyifux'j

Eilitc.

weekly, or other Payments and Incumbrances thereon, and over and above all Grants, made by any of his Majesty's Predecessors.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

Mr. Winnington reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for felling Part of the settled Estate, lying in the County of Lancaster, of Richard, Lord Viscount neux, in the Kingdom of Ireland, for railing Money, to discharge his Father's Incumbrances thereon, and likewise for making Provision for his Brothers and Sifters, and for the Payment of his own Debts, and for settling other Lands, as an Equivalent for the fame, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Contents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

The said Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Winnington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

_ Perm's l! Marriage Settlement.

Iti*

iii*

Sir George Cafwall do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Clayton reported from the Committee, to whom Westminster the Bill for better paving and cleansing the Streets in the Sueet*. City and Liberty of Westminster, and other Places within the Limits of the weekly Bills of Mortality, in the County of Middlesex, was committed; that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

The House (according to Order) resumed the adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Relief of insolvent Debtors, was committed.

And the Clause C.^was disagreed with; and another Clause was received instead thereof.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, For Relief of Seamen, and other poor Debtors, lately imprisoned in the Marshalsea Prison, and County Gaol of Surrey, for small Sums.

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up; and the Clause was amended.

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for giving a Reward for Discovery of concealed Estates.

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; which

Relief of infol vcnc Debtors

Mr. Lyster reported from the Committee, to whom the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting in Trustees the several Manors and Lands therein mentioned, the Estate of Henry Perrot, Esquire, in Trust were Up

for him, and his Heirs, free from the Charges of his Mar- And then the Clause was, upon the Question put riage Settlement, on his settling other Estates, of greater thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part Value, to the same Uses, in lieu thereof, was committed; of t|ie jgjij

that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

The said Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Lyster do carry the Bill to the

Another Clause was offered to be added, To extend the Bill to such Persons as have been removed by Process of Law from one Prison to another.

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up.

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That Debtors, discharged by any former Act, or Bank-

ikind

making.

Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed mpts discharged, shall have no Benefit by this Act. to the fame, without any Amendment. And the said Clause was twice read, and, upon the

Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to An ingrossed Bill to explain and amend an Act, made be made Part of the BilL Vol. 21. Another

Call of the Houfa.

Regulating Thames W a-termen, U c.

Ways and Means.

Preservation of Woods in America, &c

Regulating

Attornies and

Solicitors.

Settling Price of Lorn imported, &c.

Westminster

Streets.

516

n° — 11° Aprilis.

A. 1729.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, the said Bill, were read once throughout j and several of impowering Justices of the Peace, upon Application of them, being read a Second time, were, upon the Question

the Alhgnees of Debtors Estates, to discharged, as to any Concealments.

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up.

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then the House took into further Consideration the postponed Clause.

And the same was amended, and, upon the Question put thereupon, was agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned till this Day Fortnight.

45-

49-

examine Persons severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Amendment, made by the Committee, in Fol. 11. L. 8. to insert " from and after the 24th Day of June, " which shall be in the Year 1730/* being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question put, That the House do agree with the Committee, in the said Amendment;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Teller, forth. Yea,

Tellers for the Noes, fSK }

So it passed in the Negative.

The residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, some of them were disagreed with, and the rest were agreed unto, by the House, upon the Question Resolved, That this House will, upon Wcdmfday Morn- severally put thereupon;

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole And another Amendment was made by the House to House, upon the Bill for making more effectual several the Bill.

A<5b passed, relating to Watermen, Wherrymen, and , That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Lightermen, rowing on the River Thames, and for better ingrossed. ordering and governing such Watermen, Wherrymen,

' ' ‘ " The Lord Finch reported to the House, that their

Address, of Thursday last, That his Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Room,

*..6 ss.v.s , ..... called the Auction Room, and the Coffee Room thereto

House, to consider further of Ways and Means for railing adjoining, formerly Part of the Court of Wards, may be the Supply granted to his Majesty. made a convenient Place for the Footmen, attending the

Members of this House, to wait in; and to assure his A Bill for better Preservation of his Majesty's Woods Majesty, that, if he shall think proper to order a Sutis-in America, and for Encouragement of the Importation faction to be made to the Persons, who have for many of naval Stores from thence, and to encourage the Im- Years been permitted to use the lame, this House will

make good any Expence, his Majesty shall be at for that Purpol'e, out of the next Aids to hie granted by Parliament, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had been plealed to command him to acquaint th is House, that his Majesty will give the necesiary Directions, pursuant to the said Address.

and Lightermen.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

Answer to Address.

portation of Mails, Yards, and Bowsprits, from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Lord also reported to the House, that their Address, of Yesterday, That his Majesty would be gra-cioully pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers, Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning to before £*s House, an Account of the Produce of next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, f^e Civil List Revenues within the Year, from Mid-upon the Bill for the better qualifying and regulating sommer 1727, to 1728, over and above the

Attorneys and Solicitors, and Persons praftiling as such. annual, weekly, or other Payments and Incumbrances

thereon, and over and above all Grants, made by any of And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow his Majesty's Predecessors, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had been pleased to command him to acquaintthis House, that'his Majesty will give Directions, that the said Account be laid before this House.

Ditto.

Morning, Nine of the Clock.

l:

fti

tar;

kj

till

toe

tin

eat

to

k

Saibatiy 1 20 die ApriIts;

Anno a* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1729. Pratxrs.

A BILL for settling the Price of Corn and Grain im-

k

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Ttwvonb ' Privileges and Elect ions, touching the Election for the

Borough in the Counties of Stafford and

A ported, and for ascertaining the Quantity of Corn Warwick, be received upon Thursday Morning next.:

exported, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. A Bil

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee or execute the Office of Warden of the Prison of the enabling of the whole House. Fleet, or to have or exercise any Authority relating

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning thereto, was (according to Order) read a Second next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

House, upon the said Bill. Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee

of the whole House.

The House proceeded (according to Order) to take ResolvedThar this House will, upon Thursday -into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole whom the Bill for better paving and cleansing the Streets House, upon the said Bill.

in the City and Liberty of IVtJlmmJler, and other Places a Petition of the said Thomas now close

within the Limits of the weekly Bills of Mortality, in Prisoner in Newgate, by Order of this House, was pit-the County of Middlesex, was committed. fented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to Petitioner is under such Confinement, as he apprehends, a4 iB

2 Geo. II. — 14

in order to answer such Prosecution, as shall be directed him, for Crimes laid to his Charge in the Execution of his Office of Warden of the Fleet Prison; and that

a Bill is brought into the House, to disable him from holding his said Office: That the Petitioner is heartily furry for his having fallen under the Displeasure of this House, and humbly begs Pardon for his ralb Behaviour to the Committee of this House, for which he was ordered into Custody of the Serjeant: That the Petitioner hath many Reasons to offer against the said Bill, which tends to deprive him of his Property, and several Witnesses to produce in his Defence: And praying, that he may be -heard by himself, and Counsel, against the said Bill, at such time, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard before the said Committee, by himself,.or Counsel, against the said Bill, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That Counsel, and a Solicitor, be allowed to: attend the said ‘Thomas Bawbtidgand ad vile him, in order to make his Defence.

Ordered, That the said Thomas Bambridge be brought up, to attend the said Committee of the whole House, upon Thursday Morning next; and that Mr. Speaker do

issue his Warrant accordingly.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, do acquaint the said Thomas Bambridge with the said Orders.

A Petition of Robert Bygrave, Gentleman, was presented to the House, and read; (fitting forth, that Thomas Bambridge and Dougal Cuthbert, Esquires, having lately purchased of John Huggins, Esquire, the Office of Warden of the Fleet Prison, they turned the Petitioner out of his , Office of Clerk of the Papers of the said Prison, which the Petitioner, in April-, 1725, purchased of the said Mr. Huggins, for hi? Life, determinable upon the Lives of Mr. Huggins, and his Son; and, for fume Recompence for the lx)ls of his said Office, they paid the Petitioner £. 700. which was all they pretended to have fold the said Office for; whereas the Petitioner has since discovered, that they actually received £. 1,500. for the fame: And therefore praying, that, if in the Bill depending in this House,

<0 dliable the said Mr. Batubridge to hold or execute the said Office of Warden of the Fleet, an Allowance shall be made to him and Mr. Cuthbert for that Office, the Petitioner may be paid the said £. 800. which they have lb defrauded him of in their Sale of his said Office of Clerk of the Papers, as aforesaid, or that the Petitioner maybe otherwise relieved, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of Richard Richardson, Tipstaff of his Majesty's Court of Exchequer, was presented to the House, and read; praying, that in the Bill depending in this House, to disable Thomas Bambridge, Esquire, to hold or execute the Office of Warden of the Prison of the Fleet, or to have or exercise any Authority relating thereto, a Clause may be inserted, to preserve his Right to his said Office of Tipstaff, which in January, 1727, he purchased, for his Life, from John Huggins, Esquire, and his Son, then Wardens of the said Prison for their Lives successively, and paid them £. 157* 10 s- ^or the lame; or that the Petitioner may have such other Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

1

Vol.‘21.

» Jprilis. 317

Luna, 14* Afnilttj

Anno 2* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1729. Prayers.

MR. Alderman Barnard presented to the House (according to Order) a Bill for the better Regulation, and Government of Seamen in the Merchants Service; and the same was received* and read the First. time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the High Sheriff, several Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, and Freeholders, of the County of Surrey, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf ofrhemselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Bill now depending before this House, for publick registering of all Deeds, Conveyances, and other Incumbrances, that shall be made of, or that may affect, any Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the said County, is of the greatest Importance, should the same pass into a Law, to prevent all fraudulent clandestine Bargains and Sales of Lands and Mortgages, Wills, and Judgments, affecting the fame, and will tend very much to preserve the Property of honell and well-meaning Persons, and be a Means to secure their Interests in their Estates: And therefore praying, that the said Bill may pass.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for publick registering of all Deeds, Conveyances, and other Incumbrances, that shall be made of, or that may affect, any Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the said County, be read the Third time.

t

A Petition of several other Justices of the Peace, and Gentlemen, Freeholders of the County of Surrey, whole ..Names are thereun to subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Bill, now depending before this House, for publick registering of all Deeds, Conveyances, and other Incumbrances, that shall be made of, or that may affect, any Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the said County, is of the greatest Importance, should the same pals into a Law, to prevent all fraudulent clandestine Bargains and Sales of Lands and Mortgages, Wills, and Judgments, affecting the fame, and will tend very much to preserve the Property of honest and well-meaning Persons, and be a Means to secure their Interests in their Estates: And therefore praying, that the said Bill may pass.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for publick registering of all Deeds, Conveyances, and other Incumbrances, that shall be made of, or that may affect, any Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the said County, be read the Third time.

A Petition of several other Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, and Freeholders, of the County of Surrey, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Bill, now depending before this House, for publick registering of all Deeds, Conveyances, and other Incumbrances, that shall be made of, or that may affect, any Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the said County, is of the greatest Importance, should the same pass into a Law, to prevent all fraudulent clandestine Bargains and Sales of Lands and Mortgages, Wills, and Judgments, affecting the fame, and will tend very much to preserve the Property of honest and well-meaning Persons, and be a means to secure their Interests in their Estates: And therefore praying, that the said Bill may pass.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for publick registering of all Deeds, Conveyances, and other Incumbrances, that shall be made of, or that majr affect, any Honours, Manors, Lands, Tene-

4 L menes.

Regulating

Merchants

Seamen.

Registering Deeds, Arc* in Surrey*

Ditto,

318 14" Apr ills. 1729.

ments, or Hereditaments, within the said County, be read the Clause in an Act, made in the Fifth Year of his late the Third time. Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act against clandestine

‘‘ running of uncustomed Goods, and for the more Well* Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of " effectual preventing Frauds relating to the Customs,"

Election. Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the which relates tb the Importation of foreign Brandy, City of Wells, in the County of Somerset, be received Arrack,' Rum, strong Waters, or Spirits, in any Ship, upon Friday Morning next. Vessel, or Boat, under the Burthen of Fifteen Tons, and

- , s . was to be in Force for Three Years, from the Twenty-fifth

Westminster A Petition of the Inhabitants of the City and, Liberty Day of Marsh, \j\ 9, and from thence to the End of the

Streets, of Westminster,-v*\\ofe Names ate thejeunto subscribed, in then next Session of Parliament, which Term is now

behalf of themselves, and many Thoufunds of the Inhabit- expired, is'fit to be revived.

ants of the said City and Liberty, was offered to be pre- , That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

fiented to the Hotile,.against the ' Bill' for better' paving That-so mdch -of an Act, made in the Fifth Year of his

and cleafifing the Streets in the C.ity. and Liberty of late Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act against clan-

Westminster, and other Places within the Limits of the " destine running uncustomed Goods, and for the

weekly Bills of Mortality, in the county of , Middlesex. " more effectual preventing Frauds relating to the Cufi-And the Question being put, Tha; the said Petition be " toms,'* as relates to such foreign Goods, Wares, and brought up; ... ' . Merchandizes, 3S shall be taken in at Sea out of any Ship or

... Jt paflad in the Negative. Vessel, in order to be landed', or put into any other Strip,

-1 i ' Vessely dr Boat; and lo much of the said Act, as relates

Shepards- An rngrossed Bill for enlarging the Term granted by an 'to Godds not reported, and found after clearing Ships; ^Roadf0 ^, Passed in the Parliament hoklen in the Twelfth Year and lb much of the said Act, as provides further Remedies *' of the Reign of the.late Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act agjiinft re-landing Goods, prohibited to be worn in this *: for repairing the Highways between Shepards-shord and Kingdom, and foreign Goods, (hipt out for Parts beyond " Hsrfley-ufright Gate, leading down Ragdon Hill, in the the Seas; and so much of the said Act, as relates to the " County of Wilts, and other ruinous Parts of Highways opening, or altering, the Package of Goods on board Ships " thereunto adjacent," and for making the said Act mote outward-bound; ami so much of the said Act; as relates effectual, was read the Third time. > to hovering Ships or Vessels, of the Burthen of Fifty Tons,

' Refolded, That tbb Bill.do pals; and that the Title be, or under; and so much of the said Act, as concerns, the An Act for the more effectual repairing the Highways Bales, or Package, in which Coffee shall be exported; between Shepardi-Jhard and Horseley-upright Gate, leading as wSfl' to continueiu Force for Three Years, from the down RagdcuHill, in the County of Wilts, and other Twenty-fifth Day of March, 1719, and from ‘thence ro

ruinous Parts cf Highways thereunto adjacent. the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and -so

Ordered, That Mr. Holland do carry the Bill to the much of the said Act, as relates to Rum, 'imported in Lords, and d?fire their Concurrence. -t t Calks, or Vessels, hot containing Twenty Gallons at the

1 . / least, which was to continue in Force for Three Years,

Wapping Ordered, That*it be an Instruction to the Committee bf from tire Twenty-ninth 'Day of 1719', and from

Aew Church, the whole House, to whom the Bill for making the -thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament;

Hamlet of Wapping, Stepney, in the Parish of Saint artd so much of the-dard Act, as relates to Certificate Dunstan, Stebmheath, alias Stepney, in the County of -Goods, entered in order tobe exported to which

Middlesex, a distinct Parish, and for providing a Mainte- was to c^nrinuc in- Force for Three Years, from the First nance for the Minister of the new Church there, if com- Day of May, 1719, and from thence to the End of the mitted, that they have Power to receive a Clause, for then riext Session of Parliament; which Clauses, contained making some Provision for the Clerk of the Parish of -in the Act aforesaid, were by an Act, made in the Ninth St. Dunstan, Stepney, during the Time he shall hold his Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for said Office. ' " continuing some Laws, and reviving others, therein

Ordered, That if he an Instruction to the said Commit- " mentioned, for exempting Apothecaries from serving tee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, to authorize " Parish and Ward Offices, and upon juries, and relating . the Churchwardens of Wapping, Stepney, to make Vaults, to Jurors, and to the Payment of Seamens Wages, lay down Grave-stones, and set up Monuments. " and the Preservation of naval Stores, and Stores of

Ordered, That the Commissioners for the Fifty new " War, and concerning the Militi % -and Trophy Money, Churches do lay before this House, the Distriftfor making " and against clandestine running of uncustomed Goods, the Hamlet of Wapping, Stepney, a distinct Parish. and for more effectual preventing Frauds relating to the

" Otfstoms, and Frauds in mixing Silk with Stuffs to be Westminster An iDgrofled Bill for' better paving and cleansing the " exported," continued, from the Expiration of their Streets, Streets in the City and Liberty of Westminster, and other several and respective Terms therein mentioned, for the Places within the Limits of the weekly Bills of Mor- further Term of Five Years, and from thence to the tality, in the County of Middlesex, was read the Third End of the then next Session of Parliament, and are hear , . time. expiring, are fit to be continued.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals; and that the Title be, Refilled, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, An Act for better paving and cleansing the Streets in the That the several Clauses in an Act, made in the Eighth City and Liberty of Westminster, and other Places within Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act

the Limits of the weekly Bills of Mortality, in the County "for Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures of this of Middlesex. " Kingdom, and for taking off several Duties on Mer-

Ordered, That Mr. Clayton, of Westminster, do carry the " chandizes exported, and for reducing the Dut ies upon Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. " Beaver-skins, Pepper, Mace, Cloves, and Nutmegs,

" imported; and for Importation of all Furs of the Expiring Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, who were " Product of the British Plantations, into this Kingdom

Law*. appointed to inspect, what Laws are expired, or near " only, and that the Two Corporations of AfiTurance, on

expiring, and to report their Opinion to the House, which "any Suits, brought on their Policies, shall be liable

"of them are fit to be revived, or continued; that they had " only to single Damages," relating to the Encourage-

inspected the Laws accordingly, and come to several Refo- ment of the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom, and for

Jutions, which they had directed him to report to the taking off several Duties on Merchandizes exported,

House: And he read the Report in his Place, and after- which were to continue in Force for Three Years, from

wards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; where the the Twenty-fifth Day of March, 1722, and from thence

fame was read, and is as follows; viz.to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and RJbh'fd^Thitit is the Opinionofthis Committee, That which are by an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of hii

laid

n

ill

lb

rti

m

k

4

‘ad

‘i'l!

b

ffc

til

4E

4

Is

ft,

li

so

'k

so

I'd

Or

»b;

so

so

«!11

V

3 Geo. II.

14a Aprilis.

3i9

said late Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act to continue " vent the clandestine running of Goods, and the Danger 0 several Acts therein mentioned, for preventing Frauds " of Infection thereby, and to prevent Ships breaking '‘committed by Bankrupts, for encouraging of the Silk " their Quarantine, and to subject Copper Ore, of the " Manufactures of this KTingdom, for preventing the " Production of the Plantations, to such Regula-

" clandestine running of Goods, far making Copper Ore, ".tions as other enumerated Commodities of the like v?

"of the British Plantations, an enumerated Commodity, " Productions, are subject," might be read; . , "

" and for explaining and amending a late Act, for more . The laid Clauses were read accordingly.

" effectual Punishment of fuel), as shall wilfully bum or And a Motion being made, and the Question put,

" destroy Ships," further continued, from the Expiration l^hat it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are thereof, for Three Years, and from thence to the End of ^ppomted to bripg in the said Bill, that they do insert the then next Session of Parliament, and are near therein Clause, for explaining and amending the said expiring, are fit to be continued. ‘... . Fi|fteonth Glaufem the said Act, in relation to the ifl'uing

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Cohunittee, o^Proepfeag^inftJ'ersons, frequently removing.from their That an Act, made in the Eighth. Year of his late Pkjqesof Abpde, s^d changing their Names, to avoid Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act to prevent the dan- being prosecuted;

" destine running of Goods, a rad tile Danger of Lnfeftion 'Jt-passedia the Negative.

" thereby, and to prevent Ships breaking their Quaran* ,), . 1

" tine, and to subject Copper Ore, of the Production of; The Orders of the: Day being read; ,f.

" the British Plantations, to such Regulation s, as other Resolved, That thip.House will, upon Friday Morning Supply.

" enumerated Commodities, of the like' Production, are next, resolve itfel? into a Committee of the whole House,

"subject," which was to be in Force for Two, Years, to cpnfider further , of the Supply grafted to his from the Twenty-fifth Day of Afarr^, 1722,1 and frohi Majesty. s.

thence to the Enel of the then next Session of Parliament j which Act, except the Clause, obliging aft Ships or Vessels to perform Quarantine, was by an Act,- made in the Eleventh Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled,

" An Act to continue several Acts therein mentioned,' for " preventing Frauds committed by Bankrupts, for cm-

" coucaging the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom, Refo!yed, T\\zt this House will, up>on Thursday Morn;- Sale of ". for preventing the clandestine running of Goods, for ing next, r^plvp itfc}f into a Committee of the whole Scotch for making Copper Ore, of the British Plantations, an House, upon the JJilj for obviating any Doubt? or*Di£> lelted^state* ".ennmerated Commodity, iand for explaining and faculties tqap ra^y -anfetroman Act, passed in the First " amending a late Act, for more effectual Punishment of Year of his p^efept Majesty, intituled, "An Act to " such as shall wilfully burn or, deftjoy Ships," further " explain and amend an Act, passed in the Thirteenth continued, from the Expiration thereof, for the Space of " Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intitulecj. An Act for Three Years, and from thence to the; End of the then " the Sale, of such of the forfeited Estates. in tha£ Part of noxt^Session of Parliament, and near expiring, is fit "Great Britain called Scotland, as remain unfold, and to be continued.. _ are vested in the Crown, and for determining such

Resolved, That it i$ the Opinionof this Committee, Cairns on the said Estates, as having been duly That the Two last Clauses, torthe more effectual prq- " entered,.remain undetermined.",.; venting Frauds relating to the ChRoius, and Frauds ip; ,

mixing.Silks with, Stuffs to be exported, in an Act, made The House, according to Order, resolved itself into1! W*v» in the Ninth Year of his Jate Majesty's Reign, intituled, 'Committe of the whole Houije, to; consider further of aadMeaw.

" An Act for continuing oi fonae Laws, and reviving Ways and Means for raffing the Supply granted to his " others therein mentioned,'.for exempting Apothecaries Majesty. *( j.

" from serving Panlh and Ward Offices, and upon Juries, Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

‘‘ and relating, to J uror^apd to the Payment of Seaipens , Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

"Wages* and the Preservation ofnaval Stores, and Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

" Stores of War, and concerning the Militia, and Trophy Sir Charles burner reported frorq the Committee, that " Money, and against clandestine running of uncustomed . the Committee had come to several Resolutions, which " Goods, and for more effectual preventing Frauds re- they had directed him to report, when the House will " lating to the Custtwns, and Frauds ih mixing Silk with please to receive the same.

" Stuffs to be exported," are fit to be continued. OrdThat the Report be received Tomorrow Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Morning.

That an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of his lace Sir Turner also acquainted the House, that he

Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for the free was directed by the Committee to move, that they may Importation of Cochineal, during the Time therein have Leave to fit again.

limited," which was to be in Force for Six Months, from Resolved, That, this House will, upon Monday the Twentieth Day of May, 1727, and from thence to Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the the End of the then next Session of Parliament, which whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for

Resolved, That this House will, upon Soppression

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the of Piracy, whole House, upon the Bill for the better fiappr^ffing df Piracy, and f6r giving all Prizes taken Tron* the Enemy, to the Captors. y -

is expired, is fit to be revived. 1 —

The said Resolutions being Severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally-. put thereupon, agreed unto by the House. - t

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuance to the said Resolutions; and that Mr. Fane, Mr. Waller Bacon, and Mr. Winnington, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House being moved, that an Act, made in the Eighth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled,

" An Act for the more effectual suppressing of Piracy," might be read;

The said Act was read accordingly.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed tp bring in the said Bill, that they do insert therein a Clause, for further continuing the said Act*

The House being moved, that the Sixth,.Tenth, and . Fifteenth, Sections in an Act, made in the Eighth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled " An Act to pre- — '. Voi. 21.

raffing the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday next, Regulating at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee Attornieiand of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better qualify- Solic«or*. ing and regulating Attorneys and Solicitors, and Persons practising as such; and nothing to intervene.

Ordered, That the Cpmnpittee of Privileges and Committee Elections be adjourned. of Privilege*.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

320

150 Aprilis. - A. 1729.

tlegiftering Deeds, &c. in Surrey

MartiS) 15* *,

Anno a* Georgii II*1 Regis, 1729*

Praters.

A PETITION of the Gentlemen, and Freeholders in and about Darking, in the County of Surrey, was

presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners are informed, a Bill is depending in this House, for registering all Deeds, Conveyances, Mortgages, and other Incumbrances, which shall or may affect all Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the County of Surrey; which Bill, tfte Petitioners apprehend, will be highly prejudical to theft. Properties-: And praying to be heard by their Counsel against the said Bill, before the same do pass.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, . until the Bill for publick registering of all Deeds, Conveyances, and other Incumbrances, that shall be made of, hr that may affect, any Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the Chunty of Surrey, be read the Third time; and that the Petitioners, if they think fit, be then heard by their Counsel against. the Lid

Bill.:

A Petition of the Gentlemen, and Freeholders, in and

about Guildfordin the County of Surrey, was presented

to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners are informed, a Bill is depending in, this House, for registering all Deeds, Conveyances, Mortgage^, and other Incumbrances, which shall or may affect all Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, and -Hereditaments, within the County of Surrey, which' Bill, ‘the Petitioners apprehend, will be highly prejudicial to their Properties: And praying to be heard by their Counsel against: the said Bill1, ben ire the same do pass.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for publick registering of all Deeds, Conveyances, and other Incumbrances, that shall be made of, or that may affect, any Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the County of Surrey, be read the Third time; and that the Petitioners1, if they think fit, be then heard by their Counsel against the said Bill.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, and Freeholders 6f Godalmin, in Suirey, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners are informed, a

Bill is depending in this House, for registering all Deeds, Conveyances, Mortgages, and other Incumbrances, which shall or may affect all Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the County of Surrey, yffiich Bill, the Petitioners apprehend, will be highly prejudicial to their Properties: And praying to be heard by their Counsel against the said Bill, before the same do pass.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for publick registering of all Deeds, Conveyances, and other Incumbrances, that shall be made of, or that may affect, any Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the County of Surrey, be read the Third time; and that the Petitioners, if they think fit, be then heard by their Counsel against the said Bill.

Another Petition of the Gentlemen, and Freeholders, Rrgilterinj in and near Guildford, in Surrey, was presented to the 9ee<K &c. House, and read; letting forth, that the Petitioners are *nSurre.v-informed, a Bill is depending in this House, for registering all Deeds, Conveyances, Mortgages and other Incumbrances, which shall or may affect all Honours, Manors,

Lands,. Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the County of Surrey; which Bill, the Petitioners apprehend, will be highly prejudicial to their Properties: And praying to be heard by their Counsel against the said Bill, before the same do pals.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for publick registering of all Deeds, Conveyances, and other Incumbrances, that shall be made of, or that may affect, any Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the County of Surrey, be read the Third time; and that the Petitioners, if they think fit, be then heard by their Counsel against the said Bill.

Mr. Serope presented to the House, pursuant to their Civil Lilt Addrefi to his Majesty, An Account of the Produce of TeBue,‘ the Civil List Revenues within the Year, from summer, 1727, to Midsummer, 1728, over and above the annual, weekly, or other Payments and Incumbrances thereon, and over and above all Grants, made by any of his Majesty's Predecessors: Stated from the Accounts thereof, collected from the proper Offices, and herewith delivered into this honourable House, under the several Numbers-,' j,11, 3, 4, 5, and 6.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as follow;

An ACCOUNT of the Produce of the Civil LiftRevenues within the Year, from Midsummer, 1727, to Midfummet, 1728, over and above the annual, weekly, or other Payments and Incumbrances thereon, and over and above all Grants, made by any of his Majesty's Predecessors: Stated from the Accounts thereof, collected from the proper Offices, and herewith delivered into this honourable House, under the several Numbers following; viz.

N<

1.

Hereditary and temporary Excise produced Gross in the said Year

Out of which to be deducted;

For'Charges of Management -

For Over-charges ——

For Exports of excise#ble Liquors - For £. 3,700. per Week for publick Uses For Annuities granted by his Majesty's royal Predecessors, payable for the Year above-mentioned For the Civil List Lottery Fund -

s.

17,612 3

- 1618

- 77 *5

d.

Ai

Hi

9*

192,400 ——

18.000 — —

35.000 -

457*341

A

2

So the clear Produce of the hereditary and temporary Excise in this Year, for the Civil List, is ——

2. New Subsidy of Tonage and Poundage produced grols in the said Year j 498,938 Out of which to be deducted;

For Drawbacks on Goods exported - For Allowances on damaged Goods, Over-entries, and Discounts - -

For Incidents ——

79,02a 4 94J

1*450

93

10 4| 15 —

Deduct the Arrears of this new Subsidy, (landing out at Midsummer, 1728, because they are liable to Debentures, and proper to be charged, and, as to so much as shall be drawn back, to be difi-charged in the subsequent Account -So the clear Produce of the new Subsidy in this Year* is -

d

263,106 18 11

4 3

80,566 10 i|

f 4^8,371 14 ii

- 102,896 14 10$

d.

194.234 4 3*

3r5*474

Nr 3.

2 Geo. II.

150 Aprilts.

N®

3, The General Pod Office Revenue in the said Year amounted to -Dedud for Charges of Management - - 23*005 2

For/. 700. per Week for publick Uses - - - 37,100 —

For Annuities, granted by his Majesty's royal Prede-

cefl'ors, payable for the Year above-mentioned - 17,700 —

So the clear Produce of the Pod Office Revenue, for the Civil Lid, in this Year, is -

4. Fines for Writs of Entre and Covenant, in the Alienation Office, produced in the Year ended at Midsummer, 1728 -

Dedud for Salaries and Incidents 1,147 8 —

For an Annuity, granted by his Majesty's royal Predecessors, payable for the Year above-mentioned - 500 — — -

92,056 I 5

77,805 a 6

4.172

6 8

1,647 8 ""

Memorandum: £. 1,546. \1s.0d. per Annum, out of this Revenue, is paid into the Hanaper Office, for the Charge of the Chancery Court, as part of his Majesty's Civil Lid Expence.

5. Wine Licences produced gross in the Year ended at , 1728 - 4,553 12 6

Dedud for Salaries and Allowances ----- - 2,850 3 10

6. Small Branches produced in net Money into the Exchequer, in the Year ending Midsummer 1728; viz. Sheriffs Profers ——

Compositions ——

Seizures of uncudomed and prohibited Goods -

Rent of Grants ——

Sale of Lands -

Fines of Leases -

331 4 — 3 4 16,704 — 9 6 13 4

3*637 3 4

610 — —

Poll Fines: These are in Lease to the Earl of Strafford, at the yearly Rent of -The yearly Sum out of the Aggregate Fund, for the Year ended at Midsummer, 1728 -

Memorandum: The Principal and Intered of the unsubscribed Orders on the Civil Lid Lottery, Anno 1713, being all paid off and discharged, there remained in the Exchequer, (as per Account, N® 6.) at Midsummer lad, applicable to his Majesty's Civil Lid Revenues, the Sum of ——

Deficiency of the Civil Lid Funds, for answering £. 800,000. per , for the better Support of his Majesty's Houshold, and the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of Great Britain, within the Year ended at Midsummer, 1728, amounts to -

Presented the 15th April, 1729, by

I-

J. Scrope.

321

X. /

14,250 18 It

2*524* 18 3

1,703 8 8

21/189 4 11

2,276 — —

120,000 ——

12,653 16 at

684,407 10 i°i

ii5>59* 9

800,000; —

Excise. Gross and Net RECEIPTS on the hereditary and temporary Excise, from 24th June, 1727, N° 1. exclusive, to the 24th of , 1728, inclusive; viz.

Money arisen at the General Office of Excise in London, for hereditary and temporary Excise ——

£. s. d. \ £. s. d.

Dedud so much, as hath been paid by the Receiver general of Excise for Charges of Management - - 17,612 3 4J

For Over-charges - - - - 16 18 n£

For Exports - - - - 77 15 9i

For the weekly Payment of 3,700. chargeable thereupon, for the same Year ... - -192,400 — —

For Pensions, granted by his Majesty's royal PredecefTots, chargeable thereupon, for the fame. Year . - - 18,000 — —

Dedud also for £. 35,000. applied at the Exchequer for publick Uses - -

Net

17,706 18 if

210,400 ——

35,000 ——

£ d. 457*341 a 4*

263,106 18 it

12th April, 1729.

Hen. Needier,

Accomptant-general.

4;

194,234 4 3i

Vol. 21.

4 M

N° 2. An

150 Aprilis.

A. 1729.

32a

N° 2. An ACCOUNT of the gross and net Produce of the new Subsidy, which commenced the nth

June, 1747, between Midsummer, 1727, and Midsummer, 1728.

| s. d.

Gross Receipt, from the 24 June, 1717, to 24 June, 1728 Drawbacks for Goods exported - -

Allowances for damaged Goods, Over-entries, and Discounts -

£ * 79,0a* 4 9i 1,450 10 4

Paid by the Orders of the Lords of the Treasury, To the Receiver-general $ Year -To the Comptroller-general, D*

To the Four Examiners, D*

£. s. d,

- 37 10 —

- 18 15 —

- 37 10 —

93 *5

Net Produce

Of the said aet Produce is paid into the Exchequer within the Time of this Account -

Paid to her Majesty - - .

- - c

- 496,724 19

- 18,750 ——

Arrears, incurred within the Time of this Account, and standing out the 44th 17*8* consisting of Bonds, and Bills of Exchange, not then become due, and Balances remaining in the Collectors Hands, not then remitted; which Arrears, or so much thereof as shall not be drawn back by Debentures, or otherwise, will be charged in the subsequent Account

Custom-house, London, the 14th April, 1729.

498>93* 4 i

80,566 10

41*,371 *4 if

3*5.474 *9

102,896 14 to*

418,371 14 1$

N. B. — The Charges of Management are dischatged Out of the old Customs, and other Branches, except the £. 93.15 j. before-mentioned. Comptroller-general.

N° 3. Am ACCOUNT of the net Receipt of the Post Office Revenue, between Midsummer, 1747, and

Midsummer, 1728.

Calli received from that Time to Midsummer, 1728

Whereof to be deducted,

On Account of Management -

£. 700. per Week for publick Uses -

Grants of his Majesty's Predecessors, payable in the said Year

The net Receipt ——

Examined per Richard , Deputy Receiver,

92,056 i 5

43,005 4 6

37,100 ——

17,700 ——

14,250 18 11

92,056 t 5

N° 4. To the Right honourable the Lords Commiflicrners of his Majesty's Treasury:

May it please your Lordships:

We, the Commissioners of your Office of Alienations, do, in Obedience to your Lordships Commands, signified to us by Mr. Scrape's Letter, dated the nth Day of April, 1749, humbly certify to your Lordships* that the Gross and net Produce of the Revenue under our Management, from Midsummer, 1727, to Midsummer, 1728, is as follows; viz.

The gross Produce Writs of Covenant I.

Payments:

Charges of Management in the said Time One Year's Pension to the Duchels of St. Alban's

£ s. d. 1,283 10 — 2,888 16 8

1,147 8

500 — —

C S- d.

4,172 6 8

Rem* net Produce

-----,647 —

- £. 2,524 18 ‘8

All which we, the Commissioners of your Office of Alienations, humbly certify to your Lordships.

Alienation Office, W. JeJjop, Cor. Cayley.

12th April, 1729.

N° 5. To the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury:

Am ACCOUNT of the net Receipts of the Revenue arising by Wine Licences, between Midsummer, 1727, and Midsummer, 1728 (and due since nth June, 1747) over and besides the Charges of Management, and other Payments and Allowances, out of the same; viz.

From Midsummer, tiny, , 4.

Revenues arising by Wine Licences:

Gross Receipts. Charges of Management Net Receipt's

£ f* d. £ s. d.

to Midsummer,

Wine licence Office, 14th April, 1729.

4,850. 3. 10.

£ *>7°3-

s. d.

S 8.

*fho. Granger, Cashier;

Rishard Niccoll, Deputy Secretary and Accomptant.

r.

l

"1

N° 6. An

a Geo. II. tef Aprilis. 325

N° 6. An ACCOUNT of the net Income info the Exchequer on the small Branches of his Majesty's Civil List Revenues, between MidfummeT, 1727, and 1718;

Fines and Forfeitures - * - — —

Profers.....-.....- 331 4 if

Compositions -- ----- ----- - — 34

Seizures - -- -- -- 16,704 — 9$

Rent of Lands - - - > —

Fines of Leases - -- -- - 610 — —

Rent of Grants - 6 ij 4

Sale of Lands - -- -- - 3,637 3 4

Post* fines - — —

21,189 4 »i

Exchequer, 14th April, 1729. -1 ——

The Money remaining in the Exchequer at Mtijummer11728, of the Lottery Fund, Anno 1713, was ----- - 12,397 16 1

Befidts Impfeft Money, repaid by Thomas Bnrdus, Esquire - 256 —

£ 12,653 r6

tn the Absence of the EaH of

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table* to be perused by the Members of the House.

i ingro^'e(l Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of , Esquire,

in the Counties of Devon and Somefet, and for settling other Lands* of equal Value* in the said County of , to the same Uses, in lieu thereof, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Sir Wm.Courtney, Mr. C, Lord Wm. Rowlett, Mr.

Hofie, Sir Henry Hoghton, General Sabine, Sir

bell, Mr. Holland, Mr. Duck, Mr. Gould, Mr- Fortescue,

Mr. Alderman Parsons, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Mr.

Medlycott, Mr. Bertie, Sir IVm. Mr. Cross, Sir Ni-

cholas Williams, Mr. Metcal, Mr. , Mr. Mr. Lomax, Lord Percival, Mr. , Mr. Knight, General Wade, Mr. Pacey, Sir James Thornhill, Mr. Scawen, Sir John Shelley, Sir Edmund Bacon, Sir George Saville, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Sir George Cafwall, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Byng, Sir Richard Lane, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Earle, Mr. Vernon, Sir Dr. Bayer, Mr.

Vyner, Mr. Crowle, Sir Edward Knatchbull, Mr. Kelfall, Mr. Powlett, Mr. Williams; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Devon, and Cornwall:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, irt the Speaker's Chamber.

Spittlefielda -An ingrossed Bill for making the Hamlet of -farish. fields, in the Parish of Saint , Stebonheath, alias

Stepity, in the County of a distinct Parish,

and for providing a Maintenance for the Minister of such new Parish, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill dq pals j and that the Title be, An Act for making the Hamlet of Spittlefields, in the Parish of Saint Dunstan's, Stebonheath, alias in the County of Middlesex, a distinct Parish, and for providing a Maintenance lor the Minister of such new Parish.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Barnard do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Brick* Ordered, That Mr. Bertie do carry to the Lords the uA Tib ingrossed Bill, intituled, An Act to prevent Abuses in the making of Bricks and Tiles, and to ascertain the Di-niensions thereof, and to prevent all unlawful Combina-tions atoongst any Brick-makers, or Tile-makers, within Fifteen Miles of the City of in order to advance

or enhance the Price of Bricks or Tiles, and desire their Lordships Concurrence.

Ironim- The House being informed, that Mr. Oxenford, from ported from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door, AaerlC1, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, Vofc.21*

Halifax,

Wm. Ireland.

pursuant to their Order* An Account of what Duties are payable for Iron, imported from the British Colonies and Plantations in America, what Quantities of Iron have been

imported from thence for the last Ten Years, and hoW much the Uuties, paid for the lame, amounted to, distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew*

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table* to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound tip with the other Papers of this Session;

A Petition of the High Sheriff Justices of the Peace, Recovery of Grand Jury, and Gentlemen* of the County of Somerset, w»ges* assembled at the Assizes* held in and for the said County on Monday, the Thirty-first Day of March, 1729* was presented to the House, and read; letting forth* that there is no effectual Method for Recovery of Wages in Husbandry, and no 'Method at all for Recovery of other Wages, and small Debts under 40*. except in the Woollen Manufactures, than by bringing Actions, which often end in the Ruin of several Of his Majesty's Subjects:

And praying the Consideration of the House, and such Relief in the Premises, as shall be thought meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table;

Sir Charles Turner (according to Order) repotted from Way* the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was and Mean*, referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions, they had directed him to report to the House) which he read in his Place, and afterwardsdelivered in at the Clerk'sTable, where the same were read, and are as follow j viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That for every Gallon of mixed or compound Waters, or Spirits, commonly called Gin, that any Distiller, or Retailer of such Liquors, except Apothecaries, shall be possessed of on the Twenty-fourth Day of June, 1729* there be granted to his Majesty a Duty of Five Shillings per Gallon.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That for every Gallon of such mixed or compound Waters, or Spirits, which, from and after the Twenty-fourth Day of June, 17*9, shall be made by any Distiller,

Dealer, or Retailer of such Liquors, for Sale, except Apothecaries, there shall be granted to his Majesty a Duty of Five Shillings per Gallon.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, from and after the Twenty-fourth Day of,

1729, the Sum of Twenty Pounds, yearly, shall be paid

to

t

324

15 — 16'

A.

1729.

retail

to his Majesty by every Person, who shall fell or isny I'uch compound strong Waters, or Spirits.1

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolutions; and that Sir Charles , Mr. Chancellor

of the Exchequer, Mr. Attorney-general, Mr. Solicitor-

some Expences in finishing the said Chapel, yet remaining unpaid, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him-to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table;

Regulating the Nightly Watch,

Queenborough

Election.

general. Sir George Oxen den, and Mr. Scrope, do prepare, where the said Amendments were once read throughout, and bring in, the fame. 1 '* 0 1 ' ' '

Mr Clayton, of Westminster, presented to the House (according to Order) a Bill for appointing a better

nightly Watch, and regulating the Beadles, in England,

and for the better enlightening the Streets, and publick.

Passages, within the weekly Bills of Mortality; and the same was received.

The Ho,use proceeded (according to Order) to the

hearing the Matter of the Petition of Sir Jeremy Fanacker

Sambrooke, Baronet, complaining of an undue Election

and Return for the Borough of Queenborottgh, in the County of Kent.

The Counsel were called in: The Petition was read:

And the Counsel were heard

The Right of Election to Parliament was agreed to be in the Mayor, Jurats, Bailiffs, and thj free Burgesses, of the said Borough.

But the Petitioner's Counsel infilled, that the Assent of the free Burgesses was necessary to the making of Burgesses of this Borough; which was denied by the fitting Member's Counsel; who infilled, that the Right of electing, and admitting, Burgesses of this Borough, is in the Mayor, Jurats, and Bailiffs, only.

The Petitioner's Counsel examined Witnesses, in order to disqualify Tome Persons, who voted for the fitting Mr. Bowes, Sir Mr.

Member Mr. Evans. Wyndham, Sir Wm. IVillys; and all the Members that

And they produced several of the Court Books of the ^r.ve ^>r County of Wilts: And they are to meet

and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting all the Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Tipperary, in the Kingdom of Ireland, late the Estate of Godfrey Boate, Esquire, late one of the Justices of his Majesty's Court of King's Bench in the said Kingdom, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for the Payment of the Debts of the said Godfrey Boate, and for other Purposes, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Rush-out, Lord Morpeth, Mr. Thompson, Sir Wm. Milner, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Waller, Mr. , Sir Richard

Lane, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Crowle, Mr. Campbell, Sir Wilfrid Law Jon, Colonel Read, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Oglethorpe), Mr. Bacon, Lord Wm. PowlettMr. Lougueville, Mr. Smelt, Mr. Lee, Mr. Ha fey, Mr. Earle, Mr.

Mr. Fernon, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Sir Thomas Saun-

derson, Mr. Scazven, Mr. Moreton, Mr Mr. Hol-

land, Mr. Metcalfe, Sir Orl. Bridgman, Lord tAwaite, Sir Wm. Strickland, Mr. Chamberlain, Mr. Wimington, Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Munro, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Clayton, Sir John Cope, Mr. Compton, Mr. Gould,

Botte'i

Elate.

Corporation; and several Entries therein were read; and also several Records of the Court of King's Bench, of Judgments, entered up in Trinity Term last, upon Informations, in the Nature of Quo Warranto'*, brought against John Dodicoate, and others, for claiming to be, and acting as, Burgesses of the said Borough, and against John Baker, Mayor, and others, Bailiffs, and Jurats, of the said Borough, for exercising the Power of electing, swearing, and admitting, Burgesses, without the Assent

this Afternoon, Chamber.

at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's

of the free Burgesses; and they were read: And a Copy sir M', Mr. LoMitr, Mr. Mr. Brr-

ot tire Charter, granted Am 4* Cdzvard III. was de- Mr a/w_ Mr- sir Law/m, Sir

Campbell, Mr. Munro, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Sir John

Rufhout, Sir Wm. Wil/ys, Mr. Cope, Mr. Mr.

up

their

granted Anno 42 livered in, and read.

And the Petitioner's Counsel summed

Evidence.

And then the Counsel were directed to withdraw. Ordered, That the further hearing the Matter of the fail! Petition be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Cobb'i

Divorce.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Refblved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Thomas Cobb with Rachel Krebs, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock

Mercurii, 16° Aprilis;

Georgii IK1 Regis, 1729.

ct

11

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Brafferton for veiling the Advowson of the Vicarage of Brafferton, &c, in the County of York, in his Majesty, in Exchange for Advowsoni. the Advowson of the Vicarage of in the fame

County, thereby vested in the Archbishop of York, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Thompson,

'id

I;

Leed» Hew Chapel.

Bacon, Mr. Gould, Mr. Wyndham, Dr. Sayer, Sir Thomas Lee, Mr. Fernon, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Mr.

nington, Mr. Crowle, Mr. Aijlabie, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Cross,

Mr. Clayton, Mr. Lewis, Sir Richard Lane, Mr. Halsey, j

Mr. Clutter buck, Mr. Compton, Mr. Alderman Perry,

Mr. Fuller, Mr. Vincent, Sir Archibald Grant, Lord Wm.

Powlett, Lord Malpas, Colonel Pelham, Mr. Crack erode,

Mr. Fane, Mr. Jacomh, Mr. Tilfon, Mr. Crispe, Mr. Cop-pleftonj'and all the Members that serve for the County of York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of Dougall Cuthbert, Esquire, was presented Fleet Mon; to the House, and read; letting forth, that he paid, and disablirw secured to be paid, for his Part, to John Huggins, senior, tombndge Esquire, Two thousand Five hundred Pounds for the Offices of Warden of the Fleet, and Keeper of the old and new Palaces of Westminster, which in September last were granted to Thomas Bambridge, Esquire, in Possession, and to the Petitioner in Reversion, upon the Surrender of Mr. Huggins, and his Son: That the Petitioner was not

Anno Prayer*.

SIR Wm. Milner reported from the Committee, to permitted by Mr. to intermeddle in the Execu-

whom the Bill to make the Chapel of Ease of the tion of the said Offices: And therefore praying, that in the Holy and undivided Trinity in Leeds, in the County of Bill depending in this House, for disabling the said Thomas York, a perpetual Cure and Benefice, and for defraying Bambridge to hold or execute the said Offices, such Consideration

Geo. II. i 6* Aprilis 325

sideration may be had with respect to the Petitioner's Right, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

tfrttfcifonj A Petition of John Cotton, the Clerk of the Papers and Himhriie ^-u'es of his Majesty's Prison of the Fleet, was presented fan being 10 (he House, and read; setting forth, that he paid, and Warden. secured. Fifteen hundred Pounds to

and Dougall Cuthbert, Esquires, for the said Office, which they affirmed to him to be in the Nature of an Office for Life, and was thereupon admitted into his said Office in January last s And praying the Consideration of the House, and that in the Bill depending in this House, for disabling the said Thomas to act as Warden, a

Clause may be inserted, to preserve the Petitioner's Right to his said Office, or that he may have such other Relief, as to the House shall feein meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ditto, A Petition of Richard Bishop was presented to the Ijoufe.and read , setting forth, that in 1724 he purchased the Office of Clerk of the Papers of the Fleet Prison, under a Title, derived from John Huggins, Esquire, and had his Approbation j but, after some time, Mr. Huggins took upon him to fell the said Office for Eight hundred Pounds only, as he pretended, though he knew, the Petitioner had been offered a Thousand Guineas for it, and he paid the Petitioner but Five hundred Pounds of the Money: That Mr. Bambridge, Successor to Mr. has (5nee

fold the same Office to Mr. Cotton for Fifteen hundred Pounds, great Part of which, the Petitioner is informed, remains in Mr. Cotton's Hands unpaid, to be appropriated, as/ this House shall direct: And therefore praying the Consideration of the House, and such Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

LwtpIugH'» Mr. Thompfonreported from the Committee, to whom

the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting in Thomas Lamplugh, Clerk, and his Heirs, the Rectory of Fclkirk, in the County of York, being Leasehold for Three Lives, comprised in his Marriage Settlement, and for settling other fee-simple Lands and Tenements in Potto, in the same County, of better Value, in lieu thereof, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

The said Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomp/on do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Oril L\&- Ordered, That the Account of the Produce of the Civil kmnoei. Lift Revenues within the Year, froni Midsummer 1727, to Midsummer 1728, over and above the annual, weekly, or other Payments and Incumbrances thereon, and over and above all Grants, made by any of his Majesty's Predecessors, be referred to a Committee.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the said Account be now referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to confide? 'further of the Supply granted to his Majesty; . r

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Talers for tl,e Yeas, jl8‘-

Tellers grille Noes, ] >06.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Dto. Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to dinest the Commissioners of the Excise to lay before this House, an

You 21.

Account of the gross Produce of that Part of the Civil List Revenue, with all Deductions, for Charges of Management, or any other Account whatsoever, before the same was paid into the Exchequer, with an Account of the net Produce from Michaelmas 1724, to Lady-day 1727, distinguishing each Year, and from Midsummer 1727, to Midsummer 1728, with Copies, of all Orders, or Directions, sent to them, for altering the Charges of Management, during the said Times.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers, to lay before this House, an Account of the Produce of the several and respective Duties and Revenues, payable to his Majesty in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from Midsummer 1727, to Midsummer 1728.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers, to lay before this House, an Account of the Produce of the Civil List Revenues, from Lady-day 1727, to Midsummer following.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

A Motion was made, and the Question proposed, That Leave of all Orders, for Leave to any Members to be absent, be Absence, revoked:

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Tellers for Ihc Yeas ^.§2 % , } ,ou

Tellersforrhe Noes,

So it pafifed in the Negative.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the further hearing the Matter of the <*,eent>orougfc Petition of Sir Jeremy Vanacker, Sambr Baronet, com- Klcfttoa. plaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of ppueenborough, in the County of Kent, be further adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Wapping Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole new Church. House, upon the Bill for making the Hamlet of Wapping,

Stepney, in the Parish of Saint Dunstan , alias

Stepney, in the County of Middlesex, a distinct Parish, and for providing a Maintenance for the Minister of the new Church there.

Ordered, That the Bill for publick registering of all Registering Deeds, Conveyances, and other Incumbrances, that shall Deed*, &c. be made of, or that many affect, any Honours, Manors, ln Surrey-Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the County of Surrey, be read the Third time upon Monday Morning next.

The Order being read, for the House to resolve itself Regulating into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Thames W*-making more effectual several Acts passed, relating to termen> *c-Watermen, Wherrymen, and Lightermen, rowing on, the River 5 Thames, and for better ordering and governing

such Watermen, Wherrymen, and Lightermen;

Resolved, That the said Bill be transmitted to a select Committee.

Resolved, That the Bill be transmitted to Mr.

Mr. Thompson, Mr. Munro, Mr. Oglethorpe, Sir Archibald Grant, Sir John Rvjbout, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Campbell,

Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Mr. Pacey, Sir Wm.

Lord Wm. Powlett, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Mr.

Aiflabie, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Winnington Mr. Wyndham, Mr. Cross, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Lewis, Sir John Mr.

Holland, Mr. Metcalfe, Mr. Halsey, Mr. Moire, Mr.

Clutterbuck, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Mr. Compton, Mr.

Alderman Perry, Mr. Pullet, Mr. , Mr. Cox, Mr.

Gould, Sir Thomas Lee, Dr. Sayer, Mr. , Sir

4 N John

326

16® — 17* Aprilis.

A.

1729.

Fleet Prison;

disabling Bjmb'iHge from being Warden.

John Nd-ris, Si? Charles Wager, Mr. Lord

Malpas, Lord Morpeth, Mr. Byng, Sir Thomas Lyttelton, M,. Alderman Petr suns, Colonel Pelham, Mr. Sfawen, Mi.Fenwick, Mr. Boives, Mr. Lloyd, Colonel Mr

Baron Thompfn, Colonel Onslow, Mr. Scrope, Mr. Leve-fonGower, Mr. Earle, Mr. Tufnell, Mr. Breretou, Mr. Booth, Mr. Jentfon, Mr. and all the Members,

that serve for the Counties of Surrey, Essex,

and Kent :And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order, of Saturday last, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House Tomorrow Morning, upon the Bill to disable Thomas Bambridge, Esquire, to hold or execute the Office of Warden of the Prison of the or to

have or exercise any Authority relating thereto, be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill, and nothing to intervene.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Keeper of his Majesty's Gaol of Newgate, to bring in safe Custody, upon Friday Morning next, John Huggins, Esquire, and William Pindar, Prisoners in the said Gaol, to be examined before the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, do, upon Friday Morning next, bring Richard Corbett, a Prisoner in his Custody, to be examined before the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Keeper of his Majesty's Gaol of Newgate, to bring up in safe Custody, upon Friday Morning next, the said Thomas Bamhidge, in order to make his Defence before

tb« laid Committee, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That the said Thomas Bambridgt do send to Mr. Speaker a List of the Names of such Prisoners in the Fleet Prison, as he shall desire may be brought up, in order to their being examined as Witnesses before the said Committee; and, that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants for bringing them up accordingly.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant*, for bringing up any Prisoners, and for any Persons to attend, in order to their being examined as Witnesses before the said Committee, for the said Bill, as there shall be Occasion.

Committee Ordered, That the Committee of Privilege* and Elec-of Privileges, tions be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovisy 17°; -

Anno a* Georgii Il4i Regis, 1729.

Prater s.

rl of OIR William Milner reported from the Committee, to

(lifon's O

Earl

erancUfon's O whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled. *c- An Adtfor settling the Estates of John Earl of,

in the Kingdom of Ireland, and James Fitzgerald Villms, Esquire, commonly called Lord Villiers, his Son, and Heir apparent, pursuant to an Agreement, made before, and in Consideration of, the Marriage of the said Lord Villiers with Jane, his Wife, was committed; that the Committee had examined, and found, that the Handing Orders of the House, concerning Notices to be given in Ireland, before any private Bill relating to Estates there, be brought in, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bid, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk'sTable.

The said Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pal*.

Ordered, That Sir William Milner do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for Regulating making more effectual several Acts passed, relating to Watermen, Wherrymen, and Lightermen, rowing on '

the River Thames, and for better ordering and governing such Watermen, Wherrymen, and Lightermen, ... have Leave to fit, and proceed upon the said Bill upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Bowes reported from the Committee, to whom CotelWorth', the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Efote. enable Robert Cttesworth, Esquire, to fell Part of an Estate, held by Lease of the Bishop of Durham, for Dischargeof his Debts, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment:

And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

The laid Bill was read the Third time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Bowes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Bill for appointing a better nightly Watch, and Regulat'ng regulating the Beadles in England, and for the better ,he Nightly enlightening the Streets, and publick Passages, within the v,atci,»4tc* weekly Bills of Mortality, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Charles Turner presented to the House (according to Supply Bill; Order) a Bill for laying a Duty upon compound" Waters, dutyo0 or Spirits, commonly called Gin; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House proceeded (according to Order) to the further hearing the Matter of the Petition of Sir Jeremy 11 e lon‘ VanackerSambrooke , Baronet, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Queenborough, in the County of Kent.

And the Counsel were called in.

And the Counsel for the fitting Member, Mr. Evans, were heard.

And they produced several Court Books, and other Books, and the By-laws of the Corporation; and several Entries therein were read: And a Table, hung up in the Town Hall, of the Duties, and Fees, payable within the Town of Qtteenborough, made the Twentieth of October,

1679, and the Items of the Fines, and Fees, to be paid by Freemen, upon their being made free, were read:

And the Charter, beating Teste, 15 November, Anno iu Carol. Imi, was also read: And they examined several Witnesses, and went through their Evidence.

And the Counsel for the Petitioner were heard, by way of Reply.

And the Counsel on both Sides being withdrawn;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed,

That the Right of electing, andadmitting, Burgesses of the Borough of Queenboraugh, is the County of Kent, is in the Mayor, Jurats, and Bailiffs, of the said Borough only;

I*t was objected, that the said Question is a complicated Question; and an Amendment was proposed to be made thereto, by leaving out these Words, " electing, and, "

And the Question being put. That the said Word*

" electing, and, '* stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

Thin the Question, so amended, being put;

Rfoived, That the Right of admitting Burgesses of the Borough of ifueenfarough, in the County of Kent, is in the Mayor, Jurats, and Bailiffs, of the said Borough, only.

Then the Question being put. That Richard,

Esquire,

1 J

ft

ts

ft

1

S

'4

Jl-

P.r

ft?

ir cl

( ft

P.fr

ssrf

Sff

t

5 fa iM

Pa

sdk

«fc

v

Kf.! D£: ft

C'

II

'Of

'll

H

S

h k c4

'M

3 Geo. II.

17 — 18°

327

V

II2S-

Fulfilment

ForWfi

<«> 1

3tf.

t

WS j

y:?&

life

tit

Esquire, is duly elcCled a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Queenborough, in the County of Kent;

The Home divided:

The Noes go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas,*'

Tellers for the Noes^[;

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The other Orders of the Day being read }

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing, and further Punishment, of Forgery, Perjury, and Subornation of Perjury, and to make it Felony to steal Bonds, Notes, or other Securities, for Payment of Money.

Ordered \That the Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections ..... for the Borough of Tam-worth, in the Counties of Stafford and Warwick, bfc received upon Saturday Morning next,

SippK&n Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday deintj. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better suppressing of Piracy, and for giving all Prizes, taken from the Enemy, to the Captors.

salt»fScotch Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morn-forfeted ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for obviating any Doubts, or Difficulties, that may arise from an Act, passed in the Firfe Year of his present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to " explain and amend an Act, passed in the Thirteenth " Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the Sale of such of the forfeited Estates in that " Part of Great Britain called , as remain un-

" fold, and are vested in the Crown, and for determining such Claims on the said Estates, as, having " been duly entered, remain undetermined."

Tamvorth

Amendments thereunto, which they had directed-him to report to the House: And he read the Rqrort ia his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendr ments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the said Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question. severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Bowes reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Henry Chaytor, Gentleman, to limit a Jointure to a Wife, and to let Leases, for Twenty-one Years, of his Estate at Croft, in the County of York, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Chavtor'i

Estate.

WiU.

Oyster

ofteiy.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 18* die

Anno t* Georgii II41 Regis, 1729.

Prayers.

MR. Alderman Child reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for exemplifying the last Will of Edmund Wariteford, Esquire, and for making the same Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity in Great Britain and Ireland, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

The said Bill was read the Third time,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame; without any Amendment.

Mr. Polbill reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for regulating, well ordering, and improving, the Oyster Fishery in the River Medway, and Waters thereof, under the Authority of the Mayor and Citizens of the City of Rochester, in the County of was committed;

that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Voi, 21.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do Drawback* lay before this House, an Account of how much of the out of new Sum of One hundred Two thousand and Twelve Pounds, Su"f,dy-Four Shillings and Nine Pence Three Farthings, (landing out in Arrears on the New Subsidy at Lady-day 1727, has been paid for Drawbacks upon Goods, imported before the said Lady-day 1727, distinguishing, what was paid before Midsummer 1727, and what flnee, and how

the Remainder has been accounted for.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do lay before this House, an Account of how much of the Sum of Seventy-nine thousand and Twenty-two Pounds,

Four Shillings, and Nine Pence Half-peny, allowed for Drawbacks on Goods exported, on the new Subsidy, between Midsummer 1727, and Midsummer 1728, was for Goods entered before Midsummer J 727.

A Petition of the Merchants, Clothiers, Serge-makers, WooIlen and other Inhabitants of the Borough and Town of Manufacture.

head, in the County of Semerfet, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of the great Decay of their Woollen Manufacture, and the Poverty they are rer-duced to by reason thereof, occasioned, as the Petitioners apprehend, by Exportation of Woollen Goods, and Wool, from Ireland to foreign Parts, which enables Foreigners, by mixing such Wool with their own Wool, tounderfell the BeitifbManufacturers: Which tending to their Ruin,

the Petitioners' pray the Consideration of the House, and such Relief, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Tothill and Mr. Allen:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Lady Grey', Sale of Two undivided Fourth Parts of the Manor and &c. Eftale/ Lands of and in Steane, in the County of Northampton, the Inheritance of the Right honourable the Lady Mary Grey, and Jemima Campbell, and for laying out the Money, arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of an intire Estate, to be settled to the same Uses; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

And also, the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Estate of William Carter, Esquire, in the Counties of Denbigh, Flint, and Carnarvon, and to settle other Manors and Lands in the County of Lincoln, of greater Value, to the same Uses; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

And also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled. South Sea An Act to discharge the Trustees, appointed by an Act, Company, of the Seventh Year of his late Majesty's Reign, for railing Money upon the Estates of the late Directors of the South Sea Company, and otlfers, of their Trust, and to vest in the said Company, such of the Estates, which were vested in the said Trustees, as remain undisposed

of

Cartel',

Estate.

3 28

18° Jpr

H. 1729.

Birch's

Name.

of, as also the Produce of such Estates and Effects, as have been disposed of by the Trustees, without any Amendment:

And alto, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Humfrey Wyrley Birch, Esquire, and his Heirs, and Issue Male, to take and use the Surname of Wyrley, pursuant to the Deed of Settlement, made on the Marriage of Peter Birch, Doctor in Divinity, with the

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to disable Thomas Esquire, to

hold or execute the Office of Warden of the Prison of the Fleet, or to have or exercise any Authority relating thereto, is committed.

Mr. Oglethorpe, from the Committee, appointed to Enquiry

Daughter of Humfrey Wyrley, Esquire deceased, without inquire into the State of the Gaols of this Kingdom, into the ftaw -__A_______l,,_. Un»r. Of G*oU.

any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Anfu'or

Mr. Treasurer reported to the House, that their Ad- to Adrtleflc*. dresses, of Wednesday lad, That his Majesty would be graciously. pleased to direct the Commissioners of the Excise to lay before this House, an Account of the grol's Produce of that Part of the Civil List Revenue, with all Deductions, for Charges of Management, or any other Account whatsoever, before the same was paid into the

acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that they may have Power to examine any Persons, they shall think fit, in the most solemn Manner.

Ordered, That the said Committee be impowered to examine any Persons, they shall chink fit, in the most solemn Manner.

Mr. Earle (according to Order) reported from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it

Well*

Election.

Exchequer, with an Account of the net Produce, from appeared to them, touching the Election for the City of Michaelmas X724, to Lady-day 1727, distinguishing each in the County of and the llesolutions of

Year, and from Midsummer 1727, to Midsummer 1728, the Committee thereupon: Which Report he read in his

with Copies of all Orders, or Directions, lent to them, Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; for altering the Charges of Management, eluting the said where the same was read; and the Report, and Resolu-Tintrcs; and also, that his Majesty would be graciously tions of the Committee, are as follow;

pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers, to lay before this House, an Account of the Produce of the several and respective Duties and Revenues, payable to his Majesty in that Part of Great Britain, called Scotland, from Midsummer 1727, to M 1728; and also, that his Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers, to lay before this House, an Account of the Produce of the Civil List Revenues

Upon the Petition of fVm. Piers, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return of Edward -deauxGwyn and Thomas , Esquires, to

serve for the City of Wells, in the County of Somerset:

That the Committee proceeded to examine the Merits of this Election.

That the Counsel for the Petitioner alleged, that the

Regulating

Merchant*

Seamen.

from Lady-day 1727, to Midsummer following, had been City of was incorporated by the Name of Mayor, presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had been Masters, and Burgesses; and that the Right of being pleased to command him to acquaint this House, that admitted Freemen in the Companies was by Birth, his Majesty will give the necessary Directions for laying Servitude, or Marriage; and infilled, that all Persons, before this House the Accounts and Papers, desired by having any such Qualification, had a Right to vote at the said Addresses. the Election.

That the fitting Members Counsel infilled, that the A Bill for the better Regulation and Government of Consent of the Mayor and Common-council was Seamen in the Merchants Service, was read a Second necessary, before they were admitted Freemen; and laid, time. it was so settled by the Resolution in 1723.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman To which the Petitioner's Countcl replied; and said, Barnard, Mr. Morice, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Wyndham, Mr. that there were several Precedents of the Right being Plumer, Lord Gage, Lord Fitzwilliams, Colonel Read, settled otherwise: To which Point the following Evidence

Fleet Prison;

ciH« bling

Bambritige from being WaiV.cn.

Mr. Border, Mr. Lomax, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Lee,

Lord Wm. Powlett, Mr. War, Mr. Page, Mr. Whitworth, Sir Wm. Willys, Sir Wilfrid Lawson, Mr. Crowle, Mr. Wardour, Mr. Foley, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Metcalfe, Mr. Hucks, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Lewen, Mr. duit t, Mr. C/utterbuck, Sir John Rufhout, Sir John Eyles Mr.

Alderman Perry, Mr. Dockminique, Mr. Byng, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Edwards, Sir Robert Clifton, Sir Wm. , Mr.

Cockburn, M r.Scawen, Lord Charles Cavendish, Mr. Sandys,

Dr. Sayer, Mr. Halsey, Mr. Vincent-, and all the Members, that serve for the City of London, Westminster, and the Out-ports; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of Sam;:d Tufnelland Edward Fry, in behalf

of themselves, and several others, Creditors of John Huggins, and Thomas Bambridge, Esquires, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that they were employed by the said Mr. Huggins and Bambridge, the late and present Wardens of the Fleet Prison, to repair that Prison, and several Tenements thereto belonging, for which there is now remaining due One thousand Eight

was given:

The Journal of the 18th February, 8° Gttliel. Ill'1', was produced; when it was resolved by the House, " That " the Right of Election for the City of Wells, in the " County of Somerset, is only in the Mayor, Mailers, and Burgesses, of the said City

Also the Journal t6 May, 17161 where it appears, that the Resolution was, " That the Right of Election for " the City of Wells, in the County of Somerset, is in the " Mayor, Mailers, and Burgesses, of the said City: Also the Resolution, of the 30th of May, 1716; which was, " That the By-law, made by the governing Part of " the Corporation of Wells in 1712, pretending to in* " flift One hundred Pounds Penalty on the Mayor, that nominates, or makes, any Burgess, without the " Consent of the major Part of the Corporation, and " Fifty Pounds Penalty on any Burgess, that takes the " Oath, appointed to be taken by the Burgess, or that use, claim, or challenge, any Freedom or Privilege of a Burgess, without such Assent, was arbitrary and " illegal:"

And also the Journal 11 Aprilis, 1717; whereby it appears, that the Right of Election was agreed to be in hundred Pounds, or thereabouts; and they refuse to pay the Mayor, Masters, and Burgesses. the lame: And therefore praying, that in the Bill depends Lovell laid, that he bad known the City of

ing in this House, to disable the said Thomas Bambridge above 40 Years: That the Right of Election i6 in the to hold the said Office of Warden of the said Prison, feme (worn Burgesses, Freemen, and Companies; and that Free-Provision may be made, for Payment of the said Debt out men are admitted by Servitude, Marriage, or Birth: Said, of such Allowance, as shall be given to the said Mr. Bam- he had heard, that Esquire Hall, of Bradford, carrjed his bridge and Mr. Cuthbert, for their respective Interclls in Election by the Freemen; which is now Fifty-five Years the said Office, or that the Petitioners may have such ago: That the Son of a Freeman has a Right to be made other Relief, as to the House shall l'ecm meet- free j and tha$ no body has Right to be sworn a Burgess,

but

8.1

Is

r

3

i|

'5

J

i Geo. II. 18° Aprilis. 3 29

but what is free of one of the Companies; and that such he does not know of any Freeman refused being made TamwortK Freemen have a Right to vote in Elections, whether they a Burgess, that asked it: And said, that Freemen have fcleflion. are sworn Burgesses, or not: That about Twenty-nine been admitted to vote, particularly, in the Years 1714 Years ago he was admitted a Freeman: That he never and 1719.

heard of the Mayor and Corporation's Admission, before That the Committee came to this Resolution: they could be made fr$e, till of late Years: That he voted - t. That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

at the Election of Mr. Coward and Mr. Piers, as a Free- That the Right of Election of Citizens, to lerve in Par-man; and that there was no Objection to him.* That liament for the City of in the county of,

the By-law was made, to aflfed the Companies; but no is in the Mayor, Mailers, Burgesses, and Freemen, of the By-law of any Company could affect the other Compa- said City, who are admitted to their Freedom in any of nies;and that several have been admitted of the Com- the Seven Companies within the said City, being the re-pany by being Sons of Freemen; but did not name any unto entitled by Birch, Servitude, or Marriage, particularly. The Committee proceeding to examine the Poll,

The fitting Members Counsel proceeded to prove, which was as followeth; viz. that none could be admitted Freemen of any of the c Mr. Edwards - - - 198;

Seven Companies, without the Consent of the Mayor for < Mr. - - - 191;

and the Common-council: (The Petitioner - 102;

And objected to the.Right; proposed by the Petitioner's Counsel; and infilled upon the lall Resolution of the House of the Second of , 1723, which was produced; whereby it was resolved; That the Right of " Election of Citizens, to serve in Parliament for the City " of Wells, in the County of , is in the Mayor,

" Mailers, and Burgesses, of the said City, and in such " Persons, as are, by Consent of the Mayor and Comnion-council of the said City, admitted to their Freedom in any of the Seven trading Companies in the said " City, on account of Birth, Servitude, of Marriage." And allb the following Evidence was produced; viz. 31° E/iz. A Charter for granting Power to the Mayor and Common council to make By-laws, for regulating the Traders and Artificers of the City; which. was admitted by the Petitioner's Counsel:

30 September, 1626: The Ordinances and Laws for the

Company of Taylors, tec: confirming Ordinances, made 34* E/iz.

20 Feb. 1694: — For the better Government of the Stocking-makers, (Ac. —

Against admitting any Persons into the Companies; without Examination, and Proof, before the governing Part of such Company, of serving Seven Years Apprenticeship, and without presenting such Person to the Common-council, and having their Consent previous to such Admission.

The rest of the Ordinances, relating to the other Companies, were admitted by the Petitioner's Counsel.

28 August, 15 Jac. 1. An Order in the Convocation

Book of the City of Wells, That the Company of Grocers, and all other Companies, that have no Mailers, shall assemble and choose a Mailer, and bring him before the Mayor and Recorder, to be sworn, by a Time limited, cn Pain of Forty Shillings; otherwise the Recorder and Mayor to choose their Mailers, and swear them.

8* Martii, 1668, An Order was made. That no Master or Wardens of any Company do receive or admit any to be made free, without Allowance of the Mayor, and the Consent of the Common-council: And also,

14 September, 1670, Order was made, That the eldest

Daughter of every Burgess, on Marriage with a Stranger, should thereby make him a Freeman; and that he should be of such of the Companies, as the Mayor and Council should think fit.

And Two hundred Inllances were admitted by the Petitioner's Counsel to be in the Corporation Books, of Applications made to the Common-council, for Leave to be admitted into some of the Companies, from the Year 1670 to the Time of the last Resolution of this House, 2 May, 1723.

Mr. John Gutcb said, he had been Town-clerk about Twenty-eight Years: That it has been usual for all the Seven Companies to apply to the Corporation, before they make Freemen: That the Qualification of a Freeman is by Birth, Servitude, or Marriage: That the Burgesses are exempted from several troublesome Offices, which the Freemen are not; and that the Freemen cannot be of the Common-council, without being sworn Burgesses: That Vol. 21.

It was declared, on behalf of Mr. that the Committee having come to the said Resolution concerning the Right of Elections, he would give the Committee now no further Trouble, but reserved his Right of controverting the said Resolution, when reported to the House.

That the Committee came to the following Resolutions; Wz.

2. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That ‘Thomas Edwards, Esquire, is duly elected a Citizen, to serve in this present Parliament for the City of

in the County of Somerset.

3. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Cothmittee,

That Edward Prideaux Gwyn, Esquire, is not duly elected a Citizen, to serve in this present Parliament for the City o f Wells, in the County of Somerset.

4. Refohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That William Piers, Esquire, is duly elected a Citizen, to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Wells, in the County of Somerset.

The First of the said Resolutions being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Report be re-committed;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for he Yeas, :}

Tellers for the } ,68‘

So it passed in the Negative:

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That the Right of Election of Citizens, to serve in Parliament for the City of Wells, in the County of Somerset, is in the Mayor, Masters, Burgesses, and Freemen, of the said City, who are admitted to their Freedom in any of the Seven Companies within the said City, being the reunto entitled by Birth, Servitude, or Marriage.

The Second of the said Resolutions being read a Second time;

Mr. Edwards was heard in hi* Place: And then he withdrew.

And then the said Resolution was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The rest of the said Resolutions, being severally read a Second lime, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return for the City of Wells, in the County of Somerset, by rafing out the Name of Edward Prideaux Gwyn, Esquire, and inserting the Name of William Piers, Esquire, instead thereof.

The Order being read, for the House to resolve itself Fleet Prison; into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to disabting disable Thomas Bambridge, Esquire, to hold or execute from being the Office of Warden of the Prison of the or to Warden,

have or exercise any Authority relating thereto;

4 O Ordered,

330

18° — 190 Aprilis. A. 1729.

Ordered, That the Petition of Robert Bygrave, Gentleman, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of Richard Tipftatf'of his Majesty's Court of Exchequer, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of Esquire,

be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition oijohn Cotton, the Clerk of the Papers and Rules of his Majesty's Prison of the Fleet, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of Richard be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr» Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Earle took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Earle reported from the Committee, that the Committee had heard Counsel for Mr. Bam bridge, against the Bill} and had examined several Witnesses, to prove the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Preservation s Resolved, That this House will, upon next, at

of Woods in Twelve of the Clock, refoive itself into a Committee of enc*, c. t^e wj10je House, upon the Bill for better Preservat ion of his Majesty's Woods in America, and for Encouragement of the Importation of Naval Stores from thence, and to encourage the Importation of Marts, Yards, and Bow-fprits, from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Settling Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

?rue"*,t'°rn ing next, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole unpore , c. upon the Bill for settling the Price of Corn and

Grain imported, and for ascertaining the Quantity of Corn exported.

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Committee Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec-of Privileges, pons be adjourned.

Ordered, That Sir Herbert Perrott Baronet, Leave of

have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, Absence. upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Cholmley Turner, Esquire, have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled An Act Lady Grey's, Fof Sale of Two undivided Fourth Parts of the Manor fcc.Estate. and Lands of and in Steane, in the County of Northampton, the Inheritance of the Right honourable the Lady Mary Grey and Jemmima Campbell, and for laying out the Money, arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of an intire Estate, to be settled to the same U fes, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for Relief of insolvent Relief of Debtors, be read the Third time upon Monday next, at insolvent Twelve of the Clock. Debtors.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay civil List before this House, an Account, signed by him or them, Revenues, of all Money, paid into his Majesty's Exchequer for the Produce of the respective Branches of his Majesty's CiviL Lift; Revenues, from the Twenty-fourth Day of June,

1727, to the Twenty-fourth Day of June, 1728, with an Account of any Sums, paid for Arrears of that Year since that Time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Colonyof establishing an Agreement with Seven of the Lords Pro- Carolina, pfietors of Carolina, for the Surrender of their Tide and Interest in that Province to his Majesty; and that Mr.

Scrope, Mr. Attorney-general, and Mr. Solicitor-general, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Sale of Lands Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to give Direc- 'n.St‘ tions, that an Account be laid before this House, of what ri °P Proceedings have been had towards fi lling the Lands in the Island of St. Christopher, yielded by France to Great Britain by the Treaty of Utrecht.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Civil List Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to give Dircc- Revenue*' tions to the proper Officers, to lay before this House, an Account of the Money, paid into the Exchequer upon Account of his Majesty's Civil List Reveuucs, betwixt Midsummer Day, 1728, and Lady-day, 1729.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbat i, 190 die Aprilis \

Anno 2° Georgii IP* Regis, 1729.

Praters.

Wells Return rTP H E Clerk of the Crown attended, and (according amended. X to Order) amended the Return for the City of Wells, in the County of Somerset.

Leeds An ingrossed Bill to make the Chapel of Ease of the »ew Chapel. jg0[y anj undivided Trinity in Leeds, in the County of York, a perpetual Cure and Benefice, and for defraying of some Expences in finishing the said Chapel, yet remaining unpaid, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act to make the Chapel of Ease of the Holy and undivided Trinity, in the Town of Leeds, in the County of York, a perpetual Cure and Benefice, and for defraying of some Expences in finishing the said Chapel, yet remaining unpaid.

Ordered, That Sir Wm. Milner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Earle (according to Order) reported from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Elc&ion for the Borough of Tamworth, in the Counties of Stafford and Warwick, and the Resolution of the Committee thereupon: Which Report he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read; and the Report and Resolution are as follows: viz.

Upon the Petition of Thomas Abney, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return of the honourable Thomas Willoughby, Esquire, to serve for the said Borough:

The Committee proceeded to examine the Matter of the said Petition.

The Election was disputed between Mr. Abney and Mr. Willoughby.

That the Right of Election was agreed to be in the Inhabitants, being Householders, paying Scotland Lot, and not receiving Alms, pursuant to the last Resolution of the House, of the 23d Day of January, 1722.

rp. t, , ( For the fitting Member 144:

The Poll {Forthepetilfoner

That the Petitioners Counsel alledged, they should add to the Petitioners Poll Thirty-teven Votes, that were refused by the Bailiffs; and likewise objected to Sixty-one

of

Tamworth

Election.

2 Geo. II. 190 Aprilis. 331

of the fitting Member's Voters, as not qualified within the last Resolution of this House.

That the Petitioner's Counsel proceeded to give Evidence, to make good the Thirty-seven Votes, refused for the Petitioner; and called

John Woodcock, William Lakin; who said, they Wert appointed Overl'eers by the Justices; and produced Three Rates, for the Months of July, Augu and 1727,

signed and allowed by the Justices, as also their Warrant of Appointment, dated the 3d of April, 1727; and, that the signing Justices acted at the Quarter Sessions, and the Warrant was confirmed there.

And the Counsel for the fitting Member objeding to the reading the fame;

The Petitioner's Counsel insisted, the Justices are constituted by the King's Commission: Which was admitted.

3" Eliz. It appeared by the Charter, that the Bailiffs,

and their Successors, for the Time being, together with others, to be nominated, appointed, and authorized, within the Borough of Tamworth, and the Precind and Liberty of the fame, for the future may and shall be Justices of the Peace of the said Borough for and concerning all Matters, which to Justices of the Peace do belong to be enquired into, heard, and u. termined, within the aforesaid Precind of the said Borough, and all and singular the Matters, arising within the Liberties thereof, in as ample Manner and Form, as other Justices of the Peace in any County of England may do, or have accustomed or ought to do.

Nicholas Parker, Town-clerk, gave Evidence for 40 Years, that the Bailiffs are always looked upon as the head Officers in Tamworth, and have always acted as such; and that they have always signed the Rates:

That the Justices have signed the Rates since the Year 1722; and that tome Inhabitants have paid to the Bailiffs Rates, and some to the Justices:

That some have refused to pay to either; but he knows of none, that are capable of paying, but what are rated upon the Bailiffs Levy.

The Counsel for the Petitioner insisted, that the Lift of Thirty-ieven Voters, refused by the Bailiffs, are rated in the Justices Rates, and are good Votes.

Which being objected to by the fitting Member's Counsel, the Ad 43 Eliz. c. 2. Sedtions x. 8. and 10. were read; whereby it is enacted, in

Section 1. That the Churchwardens of every Parish, and Four, Three, or Two, substantial Householders there, as shall be thought meet, having respect to the Proportion and Greatness of the same Parish and Parishes, to be nominated yearly in Easter Week, or within the Month after Easter, under the Hand and Seal of Two or more Justices of the Peace in the same County, whereof one to be of the Quorum, dwelling in or near the same Parish, or Division, where the same Parish doth lie, shall be called Overseers of the Poorot the same Parish:

Section 8. That the Mayors. Bailiffs, fcfc. of every Town corporate within this Realm, being Justices of the Peace, shall have Authority within their Jurisdiction:., as well out of Sessions, as at their Sessions, it they hold any, as is therein appointed to Justices of the County, or in their Quarter Sessions, to do and execute all the Purposes in the said Act:

Section 10. If there happen to be no Nomination of Overseers yearly, as is before appointed, that then every Justice of Peace of the County, dwelling within the Division, where such Default of Nomination shall happen, and every Mayor, Alderman, and head Officer, of the City, Town, or Place corporate, shall forfeit for such Default Five Pounds to the Poor.

Whereupon the Committee were of Opinion, That the Counsel for the Petitioner be admitted to give Evidence as to such Persons, who were rated, and did pay, to any Poor's Rates for the Year 1727, for the Borough of Tamworth, such Rates being signed by the Bailiffs, or other head Officers of the said Borough, being Justices of the Peace.

That the Counsel for the Petitioner proceeded to give Vot. 21.

Evidence, to prove the Lift of Thirty-fevtfri, that offered Tamworth their Votes for the Petitioner, but were refused by the fcle&ioo. Bailiffs; and called

John Woodcock, Richard Batman, Wm. Nichols, and

several others; who gave Evidence, that Joseph Jones lived in his own Freehold, and offered his Vote for Mr.

Abney, and that he was in better Circumstances than many, that pay to the Bailiffs Rates; and that his House is worth about Forty Shillings per Annum.

John Woodcock, being cfol's-examined, said, Jones did for some time go for a Soldier: That he paid the Bailiffs Rate before, but since his Return he was excused: That he has a Wife and Three Children; and that he sometimes was a Shoe-maker, but acted now as a Bailiff:

That Philip Jenings was a Housekeeper in 17272 That he was a Clothworker« and could get about Fourteen Shillings per Week: That he had a Family, and Children; and was able and willing to pay the Poor's Rate:

That John Matchet is a Clothier, and has an Estate of Three Pounds a Year: That he has left off his Trade, and works Joumeywork, and his Wife keeps a School:

That Five were House keepers, and worked Journey-work, and could earn about Eight or Nine Shillings per Week t and that People in worse Condition paid to the Bailiffs Levies.:

That Thomas Fletcher was charged to the Bailiffs monthly Rate May, 1727, and omitted the following Months:

That Five others, viz. Samuel Tate, John George Borrows, Josiah Swift, and Thomas Godfrey, were

sufficient Householders, and of Ability to pay the Poor's Rate:

That Twenty-two were Housekeepers, and most of them worked Joumeywork at the Time of the Election; and that they were very able to pay to the Bailiffs Levies; and that many in worse Condition did pay.

Then the Petitioner's Counsel proceeded to disqualify Twelve of the fitting Member's Voters, as Insolvents, and not able to pay to the Bailiffs Levies; and called Mr. Humfrey Wolferston-, who gave Evidence, that Benjamin Boston, Thomas Keeling, senior, Thomas , junior, Robert Smith, senior, Edward Warden, and John Osborn, which are charged on the Bailiffs Levy Three Months in Arrear in the Month of August, at the Time of the Election, and were crofted, as paid, by Wilcox, the Overseer; but in the Month of September following are charged with Four Months Arrears; as also appeared by the Rates:

That Henry Sketchly is not carried on in Arrear, but left out of the Levy in September:

That William Horton and John Latham stand charged for the whole Year's Levies:

And that William Sheajby was entered on the Levies in August, September, and October, but not rated at all: That he believed, he was the Overseer; but thought, that did not excuse him from paying the Levies.

John Woodcock and Wm. Nichols said, that William Trijlram was a Journeyman to Mrs. , and lodged

there; and Thomas Pcynor, about a Month after the Election, refuted to pay the Bailiffs Levy, and said, he was not able.

Then the Petitioner's Counsel objected to Twenty-three Persons, who voted for the fitting Member, on the Head of Certificates, Eighteen of which appeared by the Certificates.

Humfrey Wolferston gave Evidence, that he had seen the other Five Certificates about a Twelvemonth ago, in the present Town-clerk's Custody, by virtue of an Order he had for that Purpose:

Which was admitted by the Counsel for the fitting Member.

Nine were objected to, as Inmates.

Samuel Redford laid, that Ralph Keeling lived with his Mother, who was an Innkeeper: That he had no Family; but could not say, which paid the Rent, or was rated to the Poor: And that John Lattimer was no Housekeeper, but boarded with his Uncle William Beach.

John

Tam worth filcftioa.

33^ 19 ApriliUA, 1729J

John Wooicock laid, Walter lived with his Father*

and that he did not t,ake him to be a Householder:

That John Hunter was a Housekeeper with Daniel Whiftcn They both had Families, and lived in one House: That fVhtston voted for Mr. Abney, and Hunter

Voted for Mr. IVitloughby:

That Thomas Reynolds was no Housekeeper: He lived in a Shop of Mrs. Union's, has a Wife, and Child; but did not know who he boarded with: That he maintained himself. and could go into his Shop without going into Onion's House:

As to Joseph Allen, he is Tenant to Mr. Buckland, who rented the House of Mr.

Richard Batman said, Henry Smith, a Baker, was no Householder at the Time of the Election: That he lived with his Mother, as a Servant: That Ihc was an Innkeeper} and he lived in a back House, and followed the Baking Trade:

As to John Clark, he can't lay, whether he is a Housekeeper, or not} but that he lives with his Mother.

Two were objected to, as net living within the Borough.

John Woodcock said, that Thomas Porter lived with, and was Hunt!man to, the Earl of at Packing/on,

Ten or Eleven Miles from Tamworth.

Being cross-examined, he said, his Wife lived at Tamworth, at the time of the Election, with Mrs. Sigs, and brewed for her.

Richard Batman said, he has known the old Houses, and the Ground on which the Three new Houses are built: That a small Part of the Front was in the Town Liberty, the rest in the Castle Liberty, which is out of the Borough; That one of the Houses Hood more on the Town Ground than the others, which was Mr. Vaughlon's, who was refused a Vote at Mr. Swinfens Election.

Being asked as to the Rates; he Could not say they were rated to the Poor, or paid the Window Lights: Believes, there is never a Room intire within the Borough.

Being asked, whether the old Houses paid to the Levies; he said, that Vaughlon's Shop did pay.

The Counsel on both fides agreed, not to impeach any publick Corporation Charities, but only such, as receive Charity out of the Parish Rates, or Levies for the Poor.

That, on the Sitting Member's Part, the Counsel objected to the Thirty-six Voters, offered to be added to the Petitioner's Poll; and called

George Hall, and Devereux Littleton, Esquire, who said, that John Jones was a very poor Man, and had a Wife and Children: That he was a Coblcr, and broke several Times: That he went for a Soldier; and, whea he came back, he set up at E/ford, and broke there: Then he came to Tamworth, with his Family; and the Bailiffs relieved his Wife and Children: That he afterwards turned Bum Bailiff, and is so now:

Said, that Philip Jenings is a Sheerman, and very poor; and believe, none of that Profession are rated to the Poor: That, when in full Employ, they may earn about Seven or Eight Shillings per Week: That they have had

very little Work for three Years last pall: That there are about Twenty Mailer Sheermen, who pay to the Poor; but no Journeymen pays, as he knows of: That he worked at the Clothing Trade about Twelve Years ago, and that then he could earn about Ten Shillings per Week: That he is now a Brewer; and that Jenings has not been able to pay for a Gallon of Beer, till he received his Wages; and that the House, he lived in, was not above Twenty Shillings a Year.

Henry Smith, Nicholas Parker, confirmed the former Evidence; and laid further, that Jennings has Two Children; one carnes Coals, and the other begs: That he owes him Money, but he can't get it: Tint he rented a House at Tamworth, but could not pay the Rent: That he gave a Note for the fame, which was produced, for Four Pounds and Nineteen Shillings, dated the 14 March, 1719; and that his Poverty was the Reason, he was not sued on the said Note.

12

Devereux Littleton Esquire; Thomas Ball, and Henry Smith, gave Evidence, that Eighteen others were poor Men, and not able to pay the Rates, and were not rated dn the Bailiffs Levy at the time of the Election: That most of them had Families: That Eight of them were Journeymen Weavers, and Sheermen: That Four were Labourers: That Two were very poor, and lived on the Waste: That one was in Guy's Hospital: That Two others were poof* and not able to pay to the Levy; and that another wore the Badge.

Thomas Ball said, that Joseph Gilbert was a Housekeeper: That he took a House about a Fortnight or Three Weeks before the Election: That he was not rated; but, if he had, he believed, he was able to pay the Levy.

Walter Ro/e and Samuel Knight gave Evidence to Three

Others: That John Smith is a Weaver, and has a Family, and is poor: Thar Mr. Ro/e has employed his Wife in Spinning; and that he has advanced Money on account of their Poverty:

As to Henry Sneap; that he is a poor Man, and has a Family: That his Wife has bought a Sheep's Head of him; and that Three-pence was all they could then rife; and that they desired another next Day; and has bought Roots of Tongues, and the poorest Victuals: That he may earn about Six Shillings per Week; and that they never rate any to the Bailiffs Levy in such Condition.

And Samuel Knight laid, that John Gilbert is a Sheer-rnan, and is very poor: That he has not been on the Levy for Three Years pad: That he was left out on account of his Poverty; and that he is in Debt to him.

Francis Wilcox gave Evidence to Two other Persons; and said, that Thomas Brifcoe is a Labourer, and works for Nine Pence a Day: That he has paid him at that Rate; and that he is not of Ability to pay the Poor's Rate.

Being cross-examined, he said, he never was on the Bailiffs Levy in 1727, that he was Overseer:

It being infilled by the Petitioner's Counsel, that he was on the Bailiffs Levy, the Rate was examined; and there was mentioned one Bri/loll to berated, but Brifcoe did not appear there:

And that JoJtah Sivift was a poor Man, grown old, and pall his Labour, and not able to pay the Levy:

And produced a Bond, dated 6 June, 1693; whereby the Borough was indemnified from any Charge by him, and his Family.

Thomas Ball said, That Thomas Fletcher was well to pass at the last Election, and able to pay the Levies, and has been rated before.

Geo. Hall and IVm. Osborne gave Evidence, that Thomas Fletcher was a Weaver, and a very poor Man at the last Election; and that he was not able to pay the Levies: That he left off his Business as a Weaver, and, being a poor Workman, turned Labourer, and served a Mason.

Samuel Dawes, Beilby Laycock, and Joseph Hurd, gave Evidence to Five others: That George Borrows, junior, was a poor Weaver, who earned, when he had Work, about Five Shillings per Week: That Samuel Willis, was a Weaver, and very poor, not able to pay the Corporation Rent of Ten Shillings a Year, though he was Receiver of the Borough Rents: That William Boston was a Wool-carver, and not able to pay the Levy-; and was an idle Person: That James Bird was on the "Bailiffs Levy Seven Years ago, but applied to be taken olf, being poor, and on Account of his Family: And that Richard Sanders appeared to be a certificated Person.

Wm.Osborne to himself, laid, he never paid the Levy: That he has been at Tamworth Seven Years: That he voted, at Mr. Vaughlon's Requell, for Mr. Abney, but had no Right.

Robert Wallis to himself, laid, he was rated on the Bailiffs Levy Seven Years ago, but, being reduced by his Family, having Eleven Children, he was taken off in Bailiff1 Alcoat's Time, about Six Years ago: That he was

a Carpenter, and could, when he had Work, earn about Eight Shillings per Week,

That

a Geo. II.

19° Aprilis.

333

That, on the Sitting Member's Part, to requalify Seven of the Twelve objected to, as not able to Pay the Poor's Rates,

Francis Wilcox, Overseer in 1727, gave Evidence, that Benjamin Boston and Edward Warden were Overseers in the Year 1726: That, since the Division of the Rates, they were out of Pocket, the one Ten Pounds, the other Six Pounds: That he crossed them, as paid, though they had not paid: That they were substantial Persons, and had paid former Rates: Could not say, what Month he crossed them in; believed, after August. And being asked, why he crossed the Book for the Month of August; he said, he had no Reason for it: And being asked, if he did not do it on account of the Election; to this he gave noAnswer:

Said, that Latham, and Poyn, senior, always paid. Said, as to John Osborne, he is of good Ability; and that he crossed him as paid Three Months, in August; which appeared by the Rates produced:

That in September he charged him with Four Months Arrears, as not paid:

In October Five Months Arrears, as not paid; and owned the Figures, for the Arrears, to be of his making:

In November Six Months in Arrearj which Month appears crossed as paid.

And being asked, when he was paid the Three Months; he said, he believed, in August.

Joseph Wilcox said, William Horton rented a House of Sixteen Pounds a Year, and able to pay the Rates, if called for; but did not pay since the Dispute between the Two Rates} and that several others did so.

Abraham Waterson confirmed the Evidence as to Po y tier's paying the Bailiffs Levy.

Joseph Hurd said, that William Sheajby was Overseer in 1727: That the Overseers for their Rate are excused: Has known it so these Twenty Years, and never knew it otherwise.

To justify Twenty-three Votes for the Sitting Member, objected toon the Head of Certificates, the following Evidence was given:

Samuel Dawes, who was Overseer of the Poor in 17 said, Nine of those objected to were substantial House-keepers, and had paid Scotland Lot: That three others, viz. Geo. Marshal, William Swaand John , were

Housholders; but could not say they paid the Levies: That Two others, John Poynton and Henry , had

served as Overseer and Headbojough: That they were Housholders, and paid Scotland Lot.

And it was admitted by the Petitioners Counsel, that Five of them were good Votes.

Abraham Waterson said, that William Swan had been a Housekeeper Two or Three Years before the Election, and paid Scotland Lot; and that John Haywood is a sufficient Housekeeper, born in the Town:

That there are Two William Fletchers; but that William Fletcher, the Mason, is a Housekeeper, and has paid

Scotland Lot: That he voted for the fitting Member: The other Wm. Fletcher was certificated from Leicester: That William Fleming is a Housholder, and has been so several Years, and paid him the Levies in 1726, when he was Overseer.

Richard Knight and Joseph Wood said, that Thomas Coxvper was born in the Town, served his Apprenticeship Twenty or Twenty-five Years ago: And Joseph Wood laid, he always lived in the Town, and believes, he paid his Levies.

To justify Nine Votes for the Sitting Member, objected to on the Head of Inmates, the following Evidence was given:

It appeared by the Rate in August, 1727* that Walter Rose, junior, paid to the Bailiffs Levy.

Charles Holden laid, Henry Smith was a Housholder at the Time of the last Election: That he rented a House of Thomas Docker, and produced a Receipt of Docker's for Rent, dated 19 October 1726; and that he saw Docker sign it the Day of the Date:

Vol. 21

voted for Mr. Willoughby t

Tho. Abney'

voted for Mr. Willoughby i

Said John Lattimer was a Housholdef at the Time of Tarfiwortft the Election: That his House was habitable, and that Elca, onr he lay there#

Daniel Whifion said, John Clarke was a Housekeeper at the last Election, and is a Freeholder j and that Thomas Midlam, junior, was also a Housekeeper, and paid Scotland Lot.

Abraham Waterson said, Joseph Allen was a Housekeeper at the Time of the Election; and that he lived distinct from any body: That Esquire Chetwynd was his Landlord: That it was one House formerly, but is now divided, and has Two Doors.

Upon which Evidence Mf. Chetwynd informed the Committee, he never had such a Tenant.

William Ing, Esquire, said, that William Nevil's is a new-built House on an old Foundation, always esteemed in the Borough, and always paid Scotland Lot; and has voted at all Elections for Five-and-forty Years.

Abraham Waterson said, Thomas Porter is a Housholder*

and has paid the Rates several Years and keeps his Family at Tamworth, during his Service with the Earl of Aylesford: Knows Robert Siggs; but fays, Porter's Wife keeps the House.

Beilby Lay cock proved Mr. Abney's Hand, as signed the Poll in several Places: In Folio 1. in Three Places:

In Folio 5 it appeared,

Thomas Porter,

Wm. Swan,

Thomas Keeling, and

John Patrick,

Subscribed,

" Allowed

In Folio 9 it appeared,

Robert Smith,

James Tates,

Wm. Beech,

John Gibbons,

Thomas Shears,

John Poynton,

Subscribed,

" Allowed: Tho. Abney."

In Folio last subscribed, "Disallowed: Thomas Abney:

" Poll closed by Consent of Thomas Abney, and the Representative of the Two other Candidates, the said " Thomas Abney infilling on a great Majority, according " to the Resolution of the House of Commons 23d " January 1722."

The Sitting Members Counsel objected to 15 of the Petitioner's Voters on the Poll, on the Head of Inmates, and not being Housholders.

Samuel Knight, Robert Wallis, Henry Smith, and Joseph Wilcox, gave Evidence, that Five Persons, viz. Thomas Brookes, George Cotton, John Vaught on, William Latham, and Robert Osborne, were Inmates, and Lodgers, at the time of the last Election; and that William , lived

in a split Tenement, which has been so 5 or 6 Years; never knew it vote as Two, before the last Election: That Thomas Moufeley lived with his Mother, who has kept the White Lyon at Tamworth Twenty or Thirty Years; and that she paid the Taxes.

Joseph Wilcox said, that Thomas Taylor, junior, rented Two Rooms in the Widow Moor's House: That she was rated for the same; and that he lodged in the Fore-part of the House.

Robert Wallis said, William Heath was not a Housholder within the Borough of Tamworth: That he lived in Bohall Street, which is out of the Borough.

Charles Holden said, that Thomas Low rented Part of a House of Mr. Thomas Batman, who paid the Taxes, as he believes.

William Osborne said, Henry Smith, Shcerman, lives in a House, which is split into Four Tenements, and helivfs in one of them.

Rebecca Hall said, Thomas Watson rented Part of >a House of her Husband: That it was distiaft from her Part of the House; and that there was no Communication 4 -P.. . ..... within

334

190 Aprilis.

A. 1729.

within' Doors: That they have been divided a pretty to Eight other Persons, viz. William William

many Years, and there is Two Street Doors; but it is Robert , Thomas , Thomas,

esteemed one House, and her Husband paid the Rates. Timothy Samuel , and Bodell, that they lived in distinct Houses, and were Housekeepers at the time of the Election: That William Low appeared to be a certificated Person.

And Batman being asked as to Mr. Nickens being an Agent for Mr. Abney; he said, he did not know, or ever heard, he was* an Agent of, or asked Votes for, that Gentleman.

John Woodcock said, that Henry Smith and Thomas Thomas Cooper's House Three or Four Years: That they were Housekeepers at the time of the last

Samuel Dawes said, Timothy Vaughton was a House holder, and let Part of his House to a School: That he kept a working Room there, but lay, and boarded, at his Brother's.

Charles Holden said, Samuel Nickin rented a House, and Shop, and lodged there, but boarded at Mr. Richard Batman's.

Thomas Bede said, 'Joseph Bodell lived in Part of

Election, and possessed of distinct Houses.

To requalify Six of the Twelve in the Lift of Thirty-three, objected to on the Head of certificated Persons, John Woodcock laid, Ralph Crocket was a Housholder at the time of the Election, and was able to pay the Rates: Believes, he is fit to be charged; and that he is now worth Three or Four Hundred Pounds:

That Solomon Bolt lived in his own House at the time of the Election:

And that William Fletcher rented a House in the

That he has seen

have Two Fronts: That Bodell lives in one, and Cooper in the other.

That the Sitting Member's Counsel objected to Eleven of the Petitioner's Voters, as certificated Persons; which appeared by their Certificates.

Three were objected as to, as bribed Votes.

William Waters said, he voted Mr. Abney and Lord Inthiquin: That Mr Samuel Nickins and Thomas Batman came to his House, and asked his Vote for Mr. Abney:

That afterwards he went to them: They offered him

Money; and Samuel Nickins gave him Four Guineas for Borough, of Sixteen Pounds a Year: his Vote: That it was on a Sabbath Day; and he never him pay his Rent to Harding.

received any Money before. William Nichols laid, that Richard Green was made

Wm.Hall said, he voted for Mr. Abney and Mr. Wil- Surveyor of the Highways with him Three Years ago: loughby: That Mr. Nickins sent Thomas Godfrey, his Ser- That Robert Barber has a House of his own, worth vant for him; and, alter feme Discourse, he tendered about Forty or Fifty Pounds; and has heard him called him Three Guineas on the Table, to vote for Mr. Abney; at the Court Leet, as a Freeholder, and that he would not have voted for him, without the Richard Batman laid, that Richard Chadborne served Money: That he did not know him to be a Solicitor for Thirdborough, which is an Officer Assistant to the Mr. Abney: That he asked for a Note for the Money, and Constable, and appointed by the Leet. he would give him a counter Note: That he laid, he did Upon the whole Matter, the JCommittee came to the not unde.stand giving a Note for a Gift; but that he, and following Refelution:

Mr. Nickin, did sign Notes, and they were given to God- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, frey: That he saw Mr. Nickin, before he came up to That the honourable Thomas Willoughby, Esquire, is duly

elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of in the Counties of Warwick

and Stafford.

The said Refelution being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee, in the Town; who desired him not to own the Notes, and he would never alk for the Money: And being asked, he laid, he never borrowed Three Guineas.

Rebecca Hall said, William Anchors was her first Husband: That he voted for Mr. Abney and Lord ehi quin: That Mr. Radford applied to her for her

Husband's Vote for Mr. Abney, and, when he went out said Refelution, That the honourable Thomas Willoughby, of the House, he told her, there was something under Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present the Candlestick for her: She did not fee him put it there; Parliament for the Borough of Tamworth, in the Counties

but (he took the Guinea, and told her Husband of it Thomas Milward said, he knew Mr. Samuel Nickens: That he saw him solicit Votes for Mr. Abney; and that Mr. Samuel Radford did the fame.

To make good Two Votes, that were refused for the Sitting Member, the Counsel called

Edward Lilly; who said that the Reverend Mr. Dun-calf was a Housekeeper at the time of the Election: That he offered his Vote for Lord Inchiqu'tn. and Mr. Willoughby, but was refused by the Bailiff; and he

of Warwick and Stafford;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Te^for.heYeas.ga

Child:

Tellers for tl* Noes, {*£

So it was refelved in the Affirmative.

The House (according to Order) resolved itfelfinto a

j1

} 9

k

k

C

Regulating J

was remivo 0, ana no Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the .,!

appeared to be 00 the Lev.es in the Months of Aupfibctterqualifyi, gandregu|a,i,gAt,;r,eandSolicitors, ST

ancSmkr, I7»7. and Persons pntfMng foci,6 '

Samuel Knight said, Samueljunior, was a House- Mr Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Wm. Strickland took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Wm. Strickland reported from the Committee, that

keeper the Midsummer before the Election, and offered his Vote for Mr. Willoughby and Lord Inchiquin-, and believed, he was not set down on the Poll,

That, on the Petitioner's Part, ,0 requali/y Fifteen of h had made a p ^fs in ,he m and had diraScd

the Seventeen in the Lift of Thirty-three, objected to (0 ttat the® have Leave to (it again.

nn tho MaoH I nm<ifpc rar nrtf nPinnr J - A

on the Head oflnmates, or not being Housholders, Richard Batman, Wm. Nichol, Timothy Vaughton, and Thomas Lakin, gave Evidence, that Thomas Brookes and George Coton, lived in distinct Houses: That Thomas Moujely kept a publick House, which was his own: That he has lived there Seven Years; and proved Three Licences for keeping a publick House, signed by the

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being reads Resolved, That this House, will upon Friday MorniDg next, resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, Scotch so

k

k

hi

fir

hi

d

" 7 O / ",v J ~ , 7 £ JP/J V /

727, and 1728; and that upon the Bill for obviating any Doubts

mow ori/i fmm ori A /V no ffctrl art f)i« Fir/?' YAir nf fc

Bailiffs for the Years 1726,

he has paid the Rates: that may arise from an Act, passed in the First Year of

That John Vaughton was a Housholder, and a Magis- his present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to explain and trate of the Town, and paid Scotland Lot: " amend an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of his

That William Homes was a Housekeeper at the time of " late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the Sale the Elect ion, and has been so Fifteen or Sixteeo Years. "of such of the in that Part of

Richard Batman and Wm. Nichols gave Evidence also " Great Britain called Scotland, as remain unfold,

23 and

Wick-rifling-ion Inclosure.

Relief of infol'ent Debtors.

Answer to Adresse*.

Supply Bill Duty on compound Waters.

a Geo. II. 190 — ai Aprilis. 335

44 and are vested in the Crown, and for determining " such Claims on the said Estates, as, having been duly 41 entered, remain undetermined."

And then the House a4journed till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Lume> 210 die Apr Ms;

Anno a* Georgii II4‘ Regis, 1)29. Prayers.

COLONEL 'Berkeley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for confirming Exchanges, Allotments, Divisions, and Inclosures, of lUnds in the Parish of IVick-riJJington, in the County of and for establishing the Payment of a yearly Sum to the Rector, and his Successors, in lieu of Tythes, pursuant to Agreements, made between Vincent , Esquire, deceased,

and the other Proprietors of the said Lands, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the- Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Tabte.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock.

An ingrossed Bill for the Relief of insolvent Debtors, was (according to Order) read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for impowering the Court of Chancery to appoint new Assignees on Occasion.

And the same was thrice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for impowering the Assignees to balance Accounts, where mutual Credit hath been given.

And the same was thrice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, By way of Ryder.

Re/o/ved, That the Bill do pals; and that the Title be, An Act for the Relief of insolvent Debtors.

Ordered, That Mr. Bramston do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Lord Finch reported to the House, that their Addresses, of Saturday last. That his Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that an Account be laid before this House, of what Proceedings have been had towards felling the Lands in the Island of St.

Christopher, yielded by France to Great Britain by the Treaty of Utrecht, and also an Account of the Money, paid into the Exchequer upon Account of his Majesty's Civil List Revenues, betwixt Day 1728, and

Lady-day 1729, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had been pleased to command him to acquaint this House, that his Majesty will give Directions for laying before this House the Accounts, desired by the said Addresses.

i A Bill for laying a Duty upon compound Waters, or Spirits, commonly called Gin, was read a Second time. Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Vol. 21.

Mr. Hughes reported from the Committee, tp whom Oosport the Petition of the several Persons, who have thereunto !\e" ch:Hie; subscribed their Names, Inhabitants of the Borough of jv/alnt'c-S Go/port, in the County of Southampton, on the behalf of nance, themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Borough, was referred; that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House:

And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as follows; viz.

That the Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, bearing Date the 28th of February last, proceeded to examine the Matter of the said Pet tion.

And, to prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the Petitioners called

fVm. Humfreysand John Batts, Gentlemen; who, being

severally examined, said, that the Borough of Go/port is a very large and populous Town, and lies in the Parish of Alverstoke, in the County of Southampton; and that the Parish Church is Two Miles distant from the said Borough, and not able to contain One half of the inhabitants thereof:

That a Chapel was built some Years ago by a voluntary Contribution of the Inhabitants, and others, and was consecrated by the Name of Chapel; and

that there has been no Provision hitherto made for the Minister, or repairing thereof:

That the Inhabitants have had several Meetings, and are willing and desirous, that a Duty of One Shi dingier Chaldron, shall be lajd on Coals, consumed at,

which, is computed, will amount to / 100. per Annum, or thereabouts; and to be applied for the Maintenance of the Minister, and for repairing, and keeping in Repair, the said Chapel, and the Overplus, if any, ior the Poor of the Town of Go/port.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put.

That the further Consideration of the said Report be be adjourned until this Day Month;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas. {m,. j1*'

Tellers for the Noes, j ] 6*.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Complaint being made to the House, that John Fore- privilege. man, junior, hath, during this Session of Parliament, arrested Gabriel Guilford, a menial Servant to John Gould, Esquire, a Member of this House, in an Action of Debt, at the Suit of Edward Dodd, Gentleman, in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Matter of the said Complaint, and report the fame, as it ft)all appear to them, to the House.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Ways ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole and Means. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The Order for reading the Third time, the ingrossed Registering Bill for publick registering of all Deeds, Conveyances, Petd*' &c* and other Incumbrances, that shall be made of, or n n *v' that may affect, any Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the County of Surrey, being fead;

The Counsel for and against the said Bill were called in.

And the Bill was read the Third time.

And the several Petitions for and against the Bill were read.

And the Counsel were heard:

And being withdrawn;

Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

The

336

31° — 23°

Aprilis.

A.

1729.

The following Amendments were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press 1. L. 19. After " also" to insert " of:"

Press 2. L. 29. After " " to insert in the said County

Press 3. L. 18. to Leave out " alienable

L. 20. After " any'* to insert " Freehold :'

Spittlefieldi

Parish.

And also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled.

An Act for making the Hamlet of in the

Parish of Saint Dunfian Stebunheath, alias Stepney, in the County of Middlesex,a distinct Parish, and for providing

a Maintenance for the Minister of such new Parish, without any Amendment:

And also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, Geoghegan's

L. 23. After " Elector" to insert or by his An Act to enable ArtburGeoghegan, alias Stafford, Esquire, " Affirmation, in same he be a Quaker:" to take upon him the Surname of Stafford only, without

L. 26. After " Oath" to insert " or Affir- any Amendment:

mation." And also, the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled. An

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question Act to impower his Majesty tovifitthe collegiate Church severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; of during such time, as the Wardenfhipof the

and the Bill was amended by the Clerk at the Table said Church is or shall be held in Commendam with the

Name.

Mane he ster Collegiate Church.

accordingly.

AnotherAmendment being proposed to be made to the Bill , viz,

Press 6. L. 24. After Conveyances" to insert " Wills;"

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Crdered, That the Debate be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Bishoprick of Cliester; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

And also, the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, Debtor's im-An Act for the Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Pn,oament' Imprisonment of their Persons; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House,

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Fleet Prison; disabling Cambridge from being Warden.

Supply.

Committee

Mr. Scrope presented to the House, according to Order, Carolina Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the a Bill for establishing an Agreement with Seven of the whole House, to whom the Bill to disable Thomas Bam- Lords Proprietors of Carolina, for the Surrender of their bridge, Esquire, to hold or execute the Office of Warden Title and Interest in that Province to his Majesty; and of the Prison of the Fleet, or to have or exercise any Au- the same was received, and read the First time, thority relating thereto, was committed, be received upon RefThat the Bill be read a Second time. Wednesday Morning next.

.-at r n , The Order being read, for taking into Confederation Wicfe-riffing-

Re/ohtd. That this House will, upon Morn- the Report from th" Committee, whom the Bill for

ing next, resolve uself into a Commit.ce of the whole confirmin Exchanges, Allotments, Divisinns, and In-Hoofc to consider further of the Supply granted to his dofures of Lands in the Parish of in the

aJetty* County of and for establishing the Payment

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec- of a yearly Sum to the Rector, and his Successors, in

of Privileges, tions be adjourned.

Carter's

Estate.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Marti;, 22° die;

Anno 2* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1729. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of Wm. Carter, Esquire, in the Counties of Denbigh, and Carnarvon,

lieu of Tythes, pursuant to Agreements, made between Vincent Oakley, Esquire, deceased, and the other Proprietors of the said Lands, was committed;

The said Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and another Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Importation of Tobacco stript from the Stalk*

Greenwich

Hospital

Duties.

The House being informed, that Mr. Ckocke, from the Exchequer, attended at the Door, he was called in, and to settle other Manors and Lands in the County of and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Lincoln, of greater Value, to the same Uses, was read the Order, An Account of all Money, paid into his Ma First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time:

A Message from the Lords, by Mr Holford and Mr. Thomas Bennet:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

Civil List Revenue.

Exchequer for the Produce of the respective Branches of his Majesty's Civil List Revenues, from the Twenty-fourth Day of "June, 1727, to the Twenty-fourth Day of June, 1728, with an Account of any Sums paid for Arrears of that Year since that time.

Mr. Chockealfo presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, of Saturday last. An Account of

to repeal a Clause in an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Money, paid into the Exchequer upon Account 0/

Kic lsrp lVfnipfty'c TO^iorn whirh nrnhihihi Imnorhlinn T in T>~__________ —

his late Majesty's Reign, which prohibits the Importation of Tobacco, stript from the Stalk, or Stem, without any amendment:

And also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more effectual collectingin Great Britain and Ireland, and other Parts of his Majesty's Dominions, the Duties, granted for the Support of the royal Hospital at Greenwich, without any Amendment:

his Majesty's Civil List Revenues, betwixt Day 1728, and Lady-Day 1729.

And then be withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. The laid Accounts are as follows; viz.

I;

'j

'fit

h

b

C

Fi

i it

To

2 Geo. II. 216 Aprilh337

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled An ACCOUNT of all Money paid into his Majesty's Exchequer, for the Produce of the respective Branches of his Majesty's Civil List Revenues, from the 24th of June, 1727, to the 24th of June, 1728, with an Account of any Sums paid for Arrears of that Year since that time.

New Subsidies on Tonage and Poundage, £sV. Hereditary and temporary Excise, after dedu<5 Lift Lottery ——

Aggregate Fund -

Letter Money ——

Alienation Office -

Wine Licences -

Fines and Forfeitures -

Prefers.....-

Cotnpositions - -

Seizures ——

Rent of Lands ——

Fines of Leases ——

Rent of Grants ——

Sale of Lands ——

Post-fines- ——

t

Exchequer, 22d Day of April, 1729.

Alexander Chocke.

From tha 24th of June, 1727, to the 24th of June, 1728. Sums paid for Arrears of that Year since that time, to 19th dpr- 1729.

:ivii £ d. 283,148 S 11 £' s. d. 45,589 19 8

194,582 15 71 43,607 11 5

120,000 —

8,144 2 7 14,126 3 2

573 *4 9* 1..120 3 4

3,100 — — 2,900

— —

331 4 345 18 — 4:

- — 3 4 — 3 4

16,704 — 94- 5,328 4 III

— . —

610 — — 425

6134 1 13 4

3.637 3 4 — -

— -

£ 630,838 6 10 113,444 17 3

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled:

An ACCOUNT of the Money paid into the Exchequer, upon Account of his Majesty's Civil List

Revenues, betwixt Midsummer Day, 1728,2nd Lady-day, 1729.

s. d.

New Subsidies on Tonage and Poundage, i£c. - - 162,700 6 9!

Hereditary and temporary Excise, after deducting £. 26,250. for the Civil List Lottery, for Three Quarters - -- -- 107,554 8 4J

Aggregate Fund - -- -- 90,000 ——

Letter Money ----- ----- - -- - 8,coo-

Alienation Office ——

Wine Licences ——

Fines and Forfeitures ——

Profers - 23& 1 4i

Cotnpositions..... 3 1

Seizures ----- ----- ----- 5>^'° 2 8

Rent of Lands --- - -----.....- —

Fines of Leases - - -- -- 650 10 —

Rent of Grants ----- ----- ----- - 868

Sale^of Lands..... —

Post-fines - —

375,012 17 7

The Money, paid within the same time, but due before

Midsummer, 1728, amounts to 108,017 16

Exchequer, 2 2d Day of April, 1729.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Persons Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do ordered to attend this House Tomorrow Morning, attend. Ordered, That the Comptroller-general of the Customs do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Comptroller upon the Issues and Payments of the Receiver-general of the Customs do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Excise do attend this House To-mofrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Accomptant-general of the Excise do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Post-master-general do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Yot.21.

483,030 13 I0I-

Alexander Chocke.

Ordered, That Mr. Williamson, Deputy Receiver of the Revenue of the Post Office, do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

The House proceeded (according to Order) to the hearing the Merits of the Election for the l^orough of Newtowne, in the Hie of Wight, in the County of Southampton.

The Counsel were called in.

And the Petition of the honourable Charier Armand Powlet, and of Sir John Barrington, Baronet, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, \yas read.

And the Counsel on both Sides were heard as to the Right of Election;

Which, on the Petitioners Part, was infilled to be in

4 Q the

Total of all the Payments from Midsummer, 1728, to Lady-day, 1719 ——

:}c

Newtowie

Election.

JJewtowne £ietf ion.

338

21

Aprilis.

A.

1729.

the Mayor and Burgesses of the Paid Borough, having That the Right of Election of Burgesses,

Borough Lands within the Borough. to serve in Parliament for the Borough of

On the fitting Members Part it was infixed, that the in the Isle of Wight, in the County of , is

Right of Election is in the Mayor and Burgesses of the in the Mayor and Burgeflfes of the said Borough, having Borough, duly'elected by the Mayor and Burgesses Borough Lands within the said Borough* assembled. Then the Counsel were called in again, and Mr. Speaker

On the Petitioners Part several Books of the Borough acquainted them with the said Resolution. were produced, and divers Entries therein were read j and And then the Counsel were directed to withdraw,

the Record of Two Writs of Mandamus, Alias, and Ordered, That the further hearing the Merits of the

P/uries, granted by the Court of King's Bench Termino Election for the said Borough be adjourned till Patch*, nono Willielmi, for admitting Two Persons to Morning next, be chief Burgesses, who claimed such Burgesship in

Right of Burgages within the Borough, were produced. The House being informed, that fume of the Com-On the fitting Members Part several Entries in the missioners of the Excise attended at the Door, they were said Books were read; and Copies of several Returns to called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pur-Parliament, under the common Seal of the Borough, suant to their Order, An Account of the gross Produce of and a Charter, granted Anno quadragesimo Elizabeth*, that Part of the Civil List Revenue, with all Deductions, were produced, and read.

And several Witnesses were examined.

And the Counsel, and Witnesses, being withdrawn;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed.

That the Right of Election of Burgesses, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of 'Newtowne, in the Me of

Wight, in the county of , Southampton, is in the Mayor and Burgesses of the said Borough, having Borough Lands within the said Borough;

Question, by inserting between the Word " Borough," and the Word " having,-' these Words, " such Burgesses " being duly elected by the Mayor and Burgesses assembled.

And the Question being put. That the said Words be there inserted;

Charges of Management of the said Revenues.

And then they withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

And the said Memorial was read.

The said Account and Memorial are as follows; viz.

Civil List Revenue*.

for Chaises of Management, or any other Account whatsoever, before the same was paid into the Exchequer, with an Account of the net Produce from Midsummer, 1727, to , 1728; and also a Memorial in

relation to the Order of the House, for laying before them an Account of the net Produce of the Civil List Revenue from Michaelmas, 1724, to - 1727,

as also in relation to the Order, for laying before the House an Account of what Orders or Directions have An Amendment was proposed to be made to the said been sent to the said Commissioners, for altering the

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth: L

Tellers for he Yeas.j JJj; . 1 . 1. X.

Tellers for the Noes, pfjf J.jr. :ra

So it passed in the Negative.

Excise. An ACCOUNT of the gross Produce of that Part of the Civil List Revenue, with all Deductions for Charges of Management, or any other Account whatsoever, before the same was paid into the Exchequer, with an Account of the net Produce from Midsummer, 1727, to Midsummer, 1728;

Gross Produce

Dedud, for Charges of Management, and Taxes in the Country For D* in London, paid by the Receiver-general -

For Exports, paid in the Country, and allowed Brewer?, &c. in London, on their Accounts -

For D8 in London, paid by the Receiver-general -

For Allowances for Over-charges in the Country, and allowed Brewers in London, on their Accounts - For D° in London, paid by the Receiver-general.

For Pensions, granted by his Majesty's royal Predecessors - For the weekly Payment of £. 3,700.

For Payments to her Majesty, from the 29th September, 1727, to 24th June, 1728, at £. 25,000. per Annum -

Net Produce

61,73* 1 7l

z,ixi 12 ff

479 4 4 18,000 — — 192,400 ——

18,750 — —

292,47$

269,465

18

9

5i

tti

561,94* 7 u

lei

ilio

air

35/

: Jjj

k,

k

h

h

Chr. Montagu, R. Gale,

R. Elliot,

G. Duckett,

Charles PolhiU, J. Fowle,

Tho. Wyldt.

2 Geo. II. 12° Apriiis. 339

N. B. No more was received at the Excise Office in Within the above-

mentioned Year, than the Sum of ——

Charges of Management, and other Deductions, in the Country, &c. Charges of Management ——

Exports ——

Over-charges ——

Received Cnee M 1728

£ S. d

44.123 18

1.033 16 8

462 5 5

45,620 — 4*

77.873 5 1

£. s.d. 457,341 a 4I

1*3.493 5 5*

Which exceeds the grots Produce by

Total

580,834 7 10 18,892 — if

This Difference is occasioned by Money which arose from the nth June, 1727, the Day of the late King's Death, to the 24th Ditto, but not paid into the Excise Office in London till after the 24th June, 1727, by which Means it is contained in the above Sum of £.457.341- 2J. 4 id.

56i»94*

7

To the honourable the Commons, in Parliament assembled:

A Memorial in relation to the Order of the House, for laying before them an Account of the net Produce of the Civil List Revenue from 1724,

to Lady-day, 1727, as also in relation to the Order,

for laying before the House an Account of what Orders, or Directions, have been sent to the said Commissioners, for altering the Charges of Management of the said Revenues.

We have received his Majesty's Commands to lay before this honourable House, an Account of the grots Produce of that Part of the Civil List Revenue under our Management, with all Deductions, for Charges of Management, or any other Account whatsoever, before the same was ]vaid into the Exchequer, with an Account of the net Produce from Michaelm1724, to Lady-day, 1727, distinguishing each Year, and from 1727, to Midsummer, 1728, with Copies of all Orders, or Directions, sent to us, for altering the Charges of Management, during the said Times.

We humbly represent to this honourable House, that we have given Directions to our Clerks, to make up the said Accounts with all the Expedition that is possible; but the Period, for making up Accounts in this Office, being fixed, from the Commencement of the Duty, at Midsummer, it will be impracticable to make up the Accounts from Michaelmas, 1724, to 1727, with-

out Splitting above Six thousand Vouchers, which is a Work, that will require Three Months at least to complete: And we herewith humbly lay before this honourable House the Account ordered, from Midsummer, 17 27, to Midsummer, 1728; and we humbly certify, that we have not received any Orders or Directions whatever, for altering the Charges of Management, during the said Times; but that the said Charges have and are continued to be made in the Manner always practised in this Office.

Excise Office, London, Chr. Montagu,

22d April, 1729. R. Gale,

R. Elliot,

G. Duckett,

Charles J. Fotole,

Tho.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House being informed, that Mr. Frecker, from the Treasury, attended at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, of fVednesday last, An Account of the Produce of the Civil List Revenues, from Lady-day 1727, to Midsummer following: Stated from the Accounts thereof collected from the proper Offices, and herewith delivered, under the Numbers, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, and 6.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The laid Account is as follows; viz.

Civil List Revenue*.

An ACCOUNT of the Produce of the Civil List Revenues, from Lady . 1727, to Midsummer following: Stated from the Accounts thereof collected from the proper Offices, and herewith delivered into this honourable House, under the several Numbers following; viz.

s.

d

C

s.

d.

1. Hereditary and temporary Excise produced gross in the said Quarter ——

Out of which to be deducted.

For Charges of Management -

For Over-charges ——

For Exports of exciseable Liquors - For £. 3,700 per Week for publick Uses For Annuities, granted by his Majesty's Predecessors, payable in the Quarter above-mentioned For the Civil List Lottery Fund -

4,391 10 7* 1 16 —

1 6 6 48,100 ——

4,500 — — 8,750 ——

So the clear Produce of the hereditary and temporary Excise in this Quarter, for the Civil List, is 2. New Subsidy of Tonage and Poundage; viz.

Arrears, Handing out at Lady-day, 1727, as the then Hated Account -

Grofe Receipt from Lady-day, 1727, to Midsummer following ——

VOL. «.

i44^®o 5

65.744 *3 if

102,012 4 9! 104,011 13 8£

206,023 18 6*

78.555 1* 3f

Out

340

22* Aprilis.

Out of which to be deducted,

For Drawbacks on Goods exported For Allowances on damaged Goods, Over-entries, and Discounts ——

For Incidents ——

Deduct for Arrears of this new Subsidy, (landing out at Mid jammer, 1727, which are liable to Drawbacks on Debentures, and consist of Bonds, and Bills of Exchange, not then become due, and Balances in Collectors Hands, not then remitted -

So the clear Produce of the new Subsidy in this Quarter is ——

3. The General Pod Office Revenue in the said Quarter amounted to ——

Deduct, for Charges of Management - For £.700. per Week for publick Uses -

For Annuities, granted by his Majesty's Predecessors, payable in the Quarter above-mentioned

So the clear Produce of the Poll Office Revenue in this Quarter, for the Civil List, is 4. Fines for Writs of Entre and Covenant, in the Alienation Office, produced in the Quarter, ended at Midsummer, 1727 ——

Deduct for Salaries and Incidents - For an Annuity, granted by his Majesty's Predecessors, payable in the said Quarter

5. Wine Licences produced gross in the Quarter,

ended at Midsummer, 1727 Deduct for'Salaries and Allowances -

6. Small Branches produced in net Money into the Exchequer, in the Quarter ended at 1727;

viz.

Sheriffs Profers ——

Seizures of uncustomed and prohibited Goods Fines of Leases ——

Sale of Lands -

The Aggregate Fund, on £.120,000. per Annum for the said Quarter - -

Post-fines: These are in Lease to the Earl of Strafford, at £.2,276. which for the Quarter to Midsummer, 1727, is ——

£. r- d.

41,516 ——

388 11 8

3* 5

5»3i3 18 3

8,400 ——

4,425 ——

563 — 1

125 ——

£. j. d.

44,935 16 8

164,088 1 io

88,613 17

2s

25*397 5 9

18,138 18 3

i*44i 13 4

688 — 1

5*373

870

2

7

*35 5 —

6,852 17 7

1»5°5 — 6 486 12 —

9>°79 15

30,000 — —

A.

729.

£ 1. d.

75*474 4 7I

7*258 7 6

753 13 3

4,502 >5

39.079 *5

569 ——

206,193 7 ioi

Presented the 2 ad April, 1729, by

M. Frecker,

N° 1. To the Right honourable the Lords Cormnissioners of his Majesty's Treasury:

May it please your Lordships:

In Obedience to your Lordships Commands, signified tous by Letter from Mr. of the 17th Instant, we

herewith humbly /ay before your Lordships an Account of the gross and net Receipts on the hereditary and temporary Excile, from the 27th March, 1727, exclusive, to the 24th June following, inclusive. We are.

Your Lordships mod

Excise Office, London, Obedient humble Servants

2 2d April. 1729.

' J Chr. Montagu,

R. Gale,

G. Duckett,

J.

Charles Po/hill,

7ho. Wylde,

Ja. Vernon,

Excise.

a Geo. II.

22

Aprilis.

34*

Excise. Gross and Net RECEIPTS on the hereditary and temporary Excite, from the 27th March, *7^7* cxc^u-

five, to the 24th June following, inclusivej

Money arisen at the general Office of Excise in fdr hereditary and

temporary Excise, as per Schedule annexed Dedud so much, as hath been paid by s. d. /. s. d.

the Receiver-general of Excise for Charges of Management, as per same Schedule - - - - 4,391 16 7I

For Over-charges, as per tame Schedule^ 1 16 —

For Exports, as per same Schedule - 166

For the weekly Payments of £. 3,700. as per same Schedule - For Pensions, granted by his Majesty's royal Predecessors, as per same Schedule ——

5,ioo — - —

4*500 ----- "

Dedud also for one Fourth Part of £. 35,660. applied at the Exchequer for publick Uses, as per same Schedule -

Net

Ex', per Hen. Needier* Accomptant-generaU 22d April, 1729.

4*394 13 *1

5?,600 ——

8,7$o — —

£ * *44*300

d.

5*

65.744 *3 *1

I. s- d-

7*553 H

EXCISE.

ASdHEDULE of the grors Receipts at the general Excise Office, London, for the hereditary and temporary Excise, from the 27th March, 1727, exclusive, to the 24th June following, inclusive; viz. In the Week ended,

id April, 1727 - - - - 11,254 7 7*

loth - - - 13*066 14 9i

17th - - - - ‘ 10*41 12 4f

24th - - mt - - 1*444 *5 2*

1 ft May - - - 8,526 4 — 1

8th - - - - 11,820 5 9?

15th - - - 13,207 9 9*

22d - - - 13,070 *7 a

29th - - - m m 9,382 16 1

5th June - - - 10,719 16

t2th - - - 10,809 l5 11

19th - - - ~ 9*07 iej

24th - - 10,648 9 6*

£ 144,300 5 51

A SCHEDULE of the Payments at the Excise Office aforesaid, out of the hereditary and tempotafy Eicilej on account of Management, &c. from the 29th March, 1727, exclusive, to the 28th June following; viz. In the Week, ended.

loth April 1727 24th 1 May 28 June

ioth April 1727 22 May 29

5

*9

22 Mff 1727

5 June

Vot.$l.

kANA&EMENT:

For Taxes -

For Incidents - -

Imprested for Payment of Incidents - For Salaries -

OVER-CHARGES:

For an Over-charge — Cyder

For Ditto on Ditto -

Fer Ditto on Ditto "

For Ditto on Ditto - For Ditto on Ditto -

EXPORTS:

For Cyder exported - For Ditto -

4 R

£. s. d.

£. t. d.

173 8 Si

555 6* 95 8 9 3*567 10 7i

4*39* 10 7*

i 16

t 6 6

£ 4*394 *3

£ 3>7°°-

V J

u*

22" Apr

£. 3,70c. per Week, Bankers Annuities, fsfr. paid in the Exchequer;

6 April) 1727 - ..

12 - . i - - - "

19 ——

26 -

3 May - -....

10

*7

*5

31

7 7®* 14

21

28

j.

10 Apr. 1727.

PENSIONS.

For Pensions, granted by his Majesty's royal Predecessors

3.700 ——

3joo ——

3.700 -

3.700 ——

3>7°° ——

3»7°o ——

3,7°° ——

3>7°° -

3»70o ——

3.7°° ——

3^700' ——

3.700 — —

3.700 ——

A. 1729;

r-

48,100

Hen. Needier, Accomptant-general.

- 4,500

56,994 ij i*

es - 8,750

£ 65,744 13 H

N° 2. An ACCOUNT of the Produce of the new Subsidy, from Lady-day 1727, td Midsummer following,

and the Arrears then (landing out.

Arrears landing out at Lady-day 1727 ——

Gross Receipt from Lady-day 1727, to Midsummer following -

Drawbacks for Goods exported ——

Allowances for damaged Goods, Over-entries, and Discounts - -

Paid by Orders of the Lords of the Treasury,

To the Receiver-general - - - - 12 10 —

To the Comptroller-General - - - - 6 5 —

To the Four Examiners - - - -1210 —

Net Produce

Of the said net Produce is paid into the Exchequer within the Time of this Account -

Paid to his Majesty, when Prince of Wales - -

102,012 4 9!

104,011 13 8

4*» 5'* ——

388 11 8

3* 5

£ J*

206,023 6i

67,224 4 7

8,250 ——

Arrears incurred within the Time of this Account, and (landing out at Midsummer 1727, confuting of Bonds, and Bills of Exchange, not then become due, and Balances in Collectors Hands, not then remitted; which Arrears, or so much as shall not be drawn back by Debentures, or otherwise, will be charged in the subsequent Accounts -

N. 3. — The Charges of Management are discharged out of the old Customs, and other Branches, except the £.31. 51. before mentioned.

c

41,935 16 8

164,088 1 10-;

75.474 4

88,613 I? 2f

164,088 1 io4

Custom-hotjfe, London, the 22d 1729.

R. Parsons, Comptroller-general.

N° 3. An ACCOUNT of the net Receipt of the Pod Office Revenue, between Lady-day 1727,

Midsummer following; viz.

Cash received within tl»e same time Whereof paid.

On account of Management A 700. per Week for publick Uses On Grants by his Majesty's Predecessors Net Receipt -

Examined per Richard Williamson, Deputy Receiver.

r

s. d.

- 5.3*3 *8 3

8,400 ——

- 4,425 ----- --;

7,258 7 6

L- *5.397 5 9

L- J* 45.397 5

and

d.

9

N* 4- To

Rcjiflering Deeds, Lein Surrey.

Debtors

2 Geo. II. 22° — 2 3° Aprilis. 343

N° 4. To the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury:

May it please your Lordships: _ .

We, the Commissioners of your Office of Alienations, do, in obedience to your Lordships Commands, signified to us by Mr. Scrope's Letter, dated the 17th of April, 1729, humbly certify to your Lordships, that the gross

and net Produce of the Revenues under our Management, from Lady day 1727, to Midsummer following, are as follows i viz. £ 4 4.

T, r f ,) j Cof Writs of Entre ----- -- 493---

The Gross Produce, >of Wri(5 Cov<:nant.....948 .3 4

----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- --- 1,441 13 4

Payments:

Charges of Management - -- 563 — 1

One Quarter's Payment to the Duchess of St. Albans, due Midsummer 1727 - 125 — —

----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- - — 638 — 1

Remains net Produce ----- £.753 13 3

All which we, the Commissioners of your Office of Alienations,

humbly certify to your Lordships;

Alienation Office, C»r. C«yli,

lift April, 1729. jififanhim.

N° 5. To the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury:

Aw AC COUNT of the Produce of the Revenue arising by Wine Licences, from Lady-day 1727, to Midsummer

following j viz.

Revenue arising by Wine Licences:

G^ofs Receipt. Charges of Management. Net Receipt.

' »£ 7. ,5. t

Tho. Gran, Cashier.

22d April, 1729. Richard Niccoll, Secretary, and Deputy Accomptant.

N° 6. Aw ACCOUNT of the Produce of the several following Branches of the Civil List Revenues into the Exchequer, between Lady-day 1727, and Midsummer following.

£ '

Aggregate Fund ----- ----- --- - 30,000-

Fines and Forfeitures ——

Profers - - *35 5 —

Compositions ——

Seizures ----- ----- ----- 6,852 17 7

Kents of Lands - / - —

Fines of Leases - - - -- - 1*505 — 6

Rent of Giants ——

Sale of Lands - -- -- - 486 12 —

Poll-fines ——

Exchequer, 2ad Day of 1729.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Debate upon the Amendment, proposed to be made Yesterday to the ingrossed Bill for publick registering of all Deeds, Conveyances, and other Incumbrances, that shall be made of, or that may affect, any Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the County of Surrey, be f urther adjourned till Saturday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 230 die Alp?'ills;

Anno 2® Georgii 2 Regis, 1729.

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Im-ifonment of their Persons, was read the First time, pr Refohed, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Von 2U

Alexander Chocks. £. 39,079 15 1

An ir.grofled Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Manchester to impower his Majesty to visit the Collegiate Church of Collegiate Manchester, during such time as the Wardenship of the Church, laid Church is or shall be held in Commendam with the Bishoprick of Chester, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act LadyGrev'*, for Sale of Two undivided fourth Parts of the Manor and £(* Lands of and in Steane, in the County of Northampton, the Inheritance of the Right honourable the Lady Mary Grey, and Jemima Campbell, and for laying out the Money, arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of an intire Estate, to be settled to the same Uses, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Limerick,

Sir Wilfrid Lawson, Mr. Clutter buck. Sir John Lord Gage, Mr. Vane, Mr. Gould, Mr. , Mr.

Whitworth, Mr. Longuevi/le, Mr. Sambroke, Mr. Campbell, Sir 'Tho. Lee. Mr. Slvper, Mr. , Sir Edwar*

Knatchbull, Sir Edward Stanley, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Arundi.,

Mr. Pitt, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. ton, Mr. Page, General Sabine, Mr. Neale, Mr.

Mr. Cartwright, Sir Nathanael Curfon, Lord Wm. Pow-lett, Mr. Mortice, Mr. Lee, Sir Tho. Hales, Mr. Treasurer,

Mr. Reyn ell. Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Byng, Mr IT inning ton,.

344

23° Apr

A \qtty

nington, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Mr. Cary, Lord

How, Lord Glenorchy, Lord Charles Mr. Hucks,

Mr. Wyndham, Sir Abraham; and all the Members

that serve for the County of Northampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clocks in the Speaker's Chamber.

from Scotland, there are several Clauses, which, if passed into a Law, will, as the Petitioners conceive, be very detrimental to the said Province, and to the Trade of Great Britain to and from thence: And praying to be heard by Counsel against the said Bill.

That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom Woollen A Petition of the Clothiers, Weavers, Combers, and the Bill for better Preservation of his Majesty's Woods in Mmufaflure. of|,erS) concerned in the Woollen Manufacture in the and for Encouragement of the Importation of

City of Coventry, was presented to the House, and read; naval Stores from thence, and to encourage thelmportation letting forth, that the Petitioners apprehend, if there was of Malts, Yards, and Bowsprits, from that Part of Great an effectual Restraint put to that evil Practice of clandef- Britain called Scotland, is committed; and that the tine running of Irish Wool into foreign Parts, it mull then Petitioners, if they think fit, be heard before the said be imported hither from thence, to be here manufactured; Committee, by their Counsel, against the said Bill* whereby our Poor, will not only be wholly employed, but

our Trade soon flourflb, by reason our Merchants will be An irtgrossed Bill for regulating, well ordering, and the only Persons able to supply foreign Markets; for that, improving, the Oyster Fishery in the by with-holding our Wool from Foreigners, it will render Waters thereof, under the Authority of the Mayor and them unable to make such Goods, as ours, because they Citizens of the City of Rochester, in the County of Kent, cannot work up Three Packs of their own Wool without was read the Third time.

one of ours, to make their Goods of equal Value; and That the Bill do pass; and that the Title

that the Labour of their Poor, is much cheaper than ours, be. An Act for regulating, well ordering, and improving, which is of fatal Consequence to our Woollen Manufac- the Oyster Fishery in the River Medway, and Waters turc: And praying, that the running of Woa\ from Ireland thereof, under the Authority of the Mayor and Citizens into foreign Parts may be effectually prevented. of the City of Rochester, in the County of Kent.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table. Ordered, That Sir Thomas Hales do carry the Bill to

Medirajr

Ovflef

Fishery.

Preservation of Woods in America, &c.

A Petition of Richard Partridge, Agent for the Province of New Jersey, and also Agent for the Colony of the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being informed, that the Receiver-general DrawbacM Rhoad Islandand Providence Plantations, in America, was of the Customs, the Comptroller-general, the Deputy om of tc*

presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that Collector Inwards for the Port of LoWw/, and the Deputy Subsidy'

there is a Bill depending in the House, for the better Pre- Comptroller for that Port, attended at the Door, they

servation of his Majesty's Woods in America; which, if were called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

it should pass into a Law, will very much affect the said The Return of the Commissioners of the Customs to Two

Province and Colony, and greatly damage and distourage Orders of the House, the Eighteenth Instant, relating to

the Inhabitants there: And praying, that a Clause may the new Subsidy. , 6

be admitted into the said Bill, to secure the said Inha- And then they withdrew,

bitants from being prejudiced, or that the Petitioner may And the said Return was read,

be heard by Counsel against the said Bill. The laid Return is as follows;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom To the honourable the Commons of in

the Bill for better Preservation of his Majesty's Woods Parliament assembled:

in America, and for Encouragement of the Importation of Having received an Order of this honourable House, naval Stores from thence, and to encourage the Impor- of the 18 th Instant, for an Account of how much of the tation of Masts, Yards, and Bowsprits, from that Part of Sum of 102.012. 4 9 {landing out in Arrears on the new Subsidy at Lady-day 1727, has been paid for Drawbacks upon Goods, imported before the said Lady-day 1727, ditlinguishing, what was paid before 1727, and what since, and how th? Remainder has been accounted for; as a!so, an Account of how muchof theSum of£. 79,022. 4^. 9 allowed for Drawbacks on Goods exported, on the new Subsidy, between Midsummer 1727, and Midsummer 1728, was for Goods entered before Mid-

Great Britain called Scotland, is committed; and that the Petitioner, if he thinks fit, be heard before the said Committee, by his Counsel, against the said Bill.

A Petition of Jeremiah Dummer, Esquire, Agent for the Province of the Massachusetts Bay, in New England, was presentecl to the House, and read; setting forth, that in the Bill now depending in the House, for Preservation of his Majesty's Woods in America, and for Encouragement of the Importation of naval Stores from thence, and summer 1727; we did immediately, on Receipt thereof, to encourage the Importation of Mulls, Yards, and Bow- call on the Receiver-general, the Comptroller-general,

t

to

F

ft

ft

k

£:l

C;

fprits, from Scotland, their are several Clauses, which, if passed into a Law, will, as the Petitioner conceives, be very detrimental to the said Province, and to the Trade ot Great Britain to ami from thence: And praying to be heard by Counsel against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for better Preservation of his Majesty's Woods in Encouragement of the Importation of

and other proper Officers of this Port, to prepare the said Accounts, without Loss of Time, so far as they are respectively concerned; and, having received their Answer, we have directed the proper Officers to attend this honourable House therewith.

Which is humbly submitted.

J. T. Walter,

Custom-house, London, B. Fairfax, Walter Yonge,

21 April, 1729. J. Stanley.

‘I

America, and for

naval Stores from thence, and to encourage the Importation of Masts, Yard ', and Bowsprits, from that Part of To the honourable the Commissioners of his Majesty's Great Britain called Scotland, is committed; and that the Customs:

Petitioner, if he thinks fit, be heard before the said You having been pleased, by your Minute, of the 19th 'Committee, by his Counsel, against the fiiid Bill. Instant, made in pursuance of an Order of the honourable

A Petition of Jeremiah Dummer and Jonathan Belcher, Esqtiires, Agents for the Colony of Connecticut, was pre-finted to the House, and read; setting forth, that in the Bill now depending in the House, for Preservation of his Majesty's Woods in America, and for Encouragement of the Importation of naval Stores fro*n thence, ami toen.. couraoe the Importation of Masts, Yards, and Bowsprits

House of Commons, which requires an Account of how much of the Sum of ,£.79,022. 4 9 allowed for

Drawbacks on Goods exported, on the new Subsidy, between Midsummer 1727, and Midsummer 1728, was for Goods entered before Midsummer 1727* direct us,

without Lois of Time, to prepare the said Account; in Answer thereto we humblyTeport,

That

2 Geo. II. 230 Jpr 345

Drawbacks That by the bed Judgment we are capable of making, the Drawbacks for Goods, entered before u 1727, may amount to about half the said Sum; but the exact Sum cannot be ascertained, for the following Reasons:

ift, The Debentures containing great Quantities, and great Variety, of Goods, which paid, and secured, the Duties, at Several Dates before, and since, the 24th of 1727, which Dates are all expressed in the Debentures, but referring to the whole Quantities in general, and not to the particular Quantities, which paid the Duties at each respective Date, it was therefore not practicable for the Officers, from the said Debentures, or from the First Certificates, from whence they were made out, to compute, how much the new Subsidy amounted to for the Goods, entered before the said 24th of , distinct and Separate from what was entered afterwards.

The Merchants Importers, who, after mixing and Sorting Goods of Several Dates; and then felling particular Parcels thereof to those who export them, not l>eing able to distinguish in their Affidavits the particular Times, When each Parcel paid Duties Inwards, yet being certain, in general, of the Goods having paid the Duties, they therefore, in the said Affidavits, recite, and refer to, all the Several Dates of their Entries, relating to the Goods in the Debenture, that they may be justly entitled to the Drawback; wherefore, the Merchants themselves not being able to make the Di(lindion, now required, though they make due Proof of their having paid the Duties, it is impracticable for Such Conriputation, and Distinction, thereof now to be made.

adly, On former Deinifes of the Crown, and Expirations, and Ke-commencements, of the Customs, and other Duties, the Debentures have been constantly made out, and paid, in this Method, by Orders of your honourable Board, grounded on Directions from the Treasury, and agreeable to the Opinions of Several Attorneys-gener.il; and as the Time, for Merchants to draw back their Duties, is now enlarged to Three Years, it makes it more impracticable to change it; because, as the Moneys paid by them, are by Law weekly Sent to the Exchequer by the Receiver-general, and made use of there for the publick Service, long before they come to claim their Drawbacks, to which they have always a Title till the Expiration of the said Term, they therefore can be no otherways paid, than out of the growing Receipt j and, should any Delay thereof, or Obstruction, be made, it would put an intire Stop to Trade, the Merchants having by Law a Right to their Drawbacks, an<£ whenever demanded by them, the same is always payable out of the gross Produce of the said Duty, before any Appropriation of the net Produce can take place.

Your Honours having likewise directed us to prepare An Account of how much of the Sum of £. 102,012.

" 4-f. 9 id.(landing out in Arrears on the new Subsidy at " Lady-day 1727, has been paid for Drawbacks on Goods " imported before Lady day 1727, distinguishing what " was paid before Midsummer 1727, and what since, and " how the remainder had been accounted for," wehumbly acquaint you, that there are the same Difficulties in computing, and distinguishing, the several Drawbacks, in order to explain, how much related to Goods imported before Lady-day 1727, as are set forth in our Answer to the Order above-mentioned; which renders an Answer to so much of this Order, as relates to the said Drawbacks, likewise impracticable. As to the Close of the said Order, which requires an Account, how the Remainder has been accounted for; it being impracticable to make out the Amount of the Debentures, it is therefore not possible to know, how much the Remainder amounts toj but, whatever it amounts to, except so much thereof, as has been paid into his Majesty's Exchequer since Lady-day 1727, it consists either in Bonds of Merchants, not yet due and recovered, of small Sums, resting in Out-port Collectors Hands, not yet remitted by them, or of Bills of Exchange, not yet become payable; all which, as it Voi. 21.

comes to the Receiver-general's Hands, is weekly paid into the Exchequer, the Receiver-genera l and Collector inwards having no Money remaining in their Hands on the said Branch, which flood out at Lady-day 1727.

All which is humbly submitted.

Custom-house, London, Rec Gen,

«d^r* .729. Comp.Gen's

John , Dep. Comp* Geo. Richardson, ~i r> of the Issues and Paymu;

John Crefwick, 3 xarmners Robert Paul, Dep. Coll1'

Hen. Crispe, Regr Tho. Caufton, Dep.Compg

of Certificates. Edward Williams fOefy. S‘,

The House being informed, that the Commissionters of Commission-the Customs attended at the Door (according to Order) they were called in, as were also the Comptroller-general 'exan,j1!e<£ and the Deputy Collector inwards: And they were examined touching the Method of making up their Accounts.

And then they were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the Receiver-general of the Customs do attend this House immediately.

Complaint being made to the House, of Combinations Lfigh Price entered into, to enhance the Price of Coals j of Coal*.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to enquire, and examine, if any, and what, Combinations have been entered into, to enhance the Price of Coals j and that they do report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Barnard, Mr.

Alderman Parsons, Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. Alderman Child, Mr. Scrape, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Car, Mr. Bowes, Mr.

Whitworth, Mr. Hucks, Mr. Crowle, Mr.

Mr. Fenwick, Sir Charles 'Turner, Sir Thomas Lowther,

Mr. Lowther, Mr. P/umptre, Mr. Gould, Dr. Sayer, Mr.

Hajfey, Mr. Westby, Sir Geo. Seville, Mr. Lumley, Mr.

Brookfbank, Sir John Eyles, Mr. Baron Thomson, Mr. Shutt/eworth, Mr. Handafyde, Mr. , Sir Geo. Oxen-

den, Mr. Powlet, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Gybbon, Sir Wm.

Wyndham, Mr. Tilfon, Mr. Keif all, Sir Nathanael Curzon,

Mr. Evans, Mr. Serjeant Birch, Mr. Conduitt, Mr.

ReynelT, and all the Members that serve for the City of London, and Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Essex, Kent, Northumberland, Durham, Hertfordshire, and for all the Sea-ports j and, all, that come, are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Orders of the Day being read )

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morn* Cobb'*

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Divorce. House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled;

An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Thomas with Rachel Krebs, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Suppression next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, of Piracy, upon the Bill for the better suppressing of Piracy, and forgiving all Prizes, taken from the Enemy, to the Captors.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning Settling Price next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Hotile, of Com im-upon the Bill for settling the Price of Corn and Grain ported» &c-imported, and for ascertaining the Quantity of Corn exported.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Fleet Prison; whole House, to whom the Bill to disable Thomas - disabling bridge, Esquire, to hold or execute the Office of Warden being

of the Prison of the Fleet, or to have or exercise any Wardenl 5 Authority relating thereto, was committed, be received Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock, and nothing t.'» intervene.

4S The

t

346

% 3" — 240

A. 1719.

Supply,

The Order* for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to conliaer further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, being read;

Ordered, That the Account of all Money paid into his Majesty's Exchequer, for the Produce of the respective Branches of his Majesty's Civil List Revenues, from the Twenty-fourth Day of June, 1727, to the Twenty-fourth Day of June, 1728; with ah Account of any Sums paid for Arrears of that Year since that Time, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Money paid into the Exchequer, upon Account of his Majesty's Civil List Revenues, betwixt Midsummer Day 1728, and Lady-day 1729, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the gross Produce of that Part of the Civil List Revenue, which arises out of the Excise, with all Deductions, for Charges of Management, or any other Account whatsoever, before the same was paid into the Exchequer, with an Account of the net Produce from Midsummer 1727, to Midsummer 1728, be referred to the said Committee,

Ordered, That the Memorial of the Commissioners of Excise in relation to the Order of the House, for laying before them an Account of the net Produce of the Civil List Revenue from Michaelmas 1724, to 1727,

as also in relation to the Order, for laying before the House an Account of what Orders, or Directions, have been sent to the said Commissioners, for altering the Charges of Management of the said Revenues, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Produce of the Civil List Revenues from Lady-day 1727, to Midsummer following, stated from the Accounts thereof collected from the proper Officers, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Return of the Commissioners of the Cutloms to the Two Orders of the House, the Eighteenth Instant, relating to the new Subsidy, be referred to the said Committee.

Then a Motion being made, and the Question put, That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Tellers for the YeaJ J?r>S"re,a7 War>

( Sir Conyers D Arcy:

Tel, er5fUr,heNoe,g^».

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair;

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that the Committee, after Examination of the Commissioners of the Customs, the Commissioners of the Excise, the Post-master-general, and other Officers concerned in the Civil List Revenues, who were ordered to attend the House, had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Turner also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Committee Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and of Privileges, Elections be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Chavtor,i

fciutc.

Efluc.

J*4 6-

122.

JoviS) 24° dii Aprihs \

Anno 2* Georgii IIJi Regis, 1729.

Prayers.

A N ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act I\. to enable Henry Chaytor, Gentleman, to limit a Jointure to a Wife, and to let Leases. for Twenty-one Years, of his Estate at Croft, in the County of York, Was read the Third rime.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Bowes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Sir John Rufhout reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting all the Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Tipperary, in the Kingdom of Ireland, late the Estate of Godfrey Boats, Esquire, late one of the Justices of his Majesty's Court of King's Bench in the said Kingdom, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for the Payment of the Debts of the said Godfrey Boate, and for other Purposes, was committed; that the Committee had examined, and found, that the (landing Orders of the House, concerning Notices to be given in Ireland, before any private Bill, relating to Estates there, be brought in, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

The said Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir John Rufhout do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrafted Bill for confirming Exchanges, Allot- Wick-rilling, ments, Divisions, and Inclosures, of Lands in the Parish tonlndolui* of fVick-riJ/ington, in the County of and for establishing the Payment of a yearly Sum to the Rector, and his Success'ors, in lieu of Tythes, pursuant to Agreements, made between Vincent Oakley, Esquire, deceased, and the other Proprietors of the said Lands, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be,

An Act for confirming Exchanges, Allotments, Divisions, and Inclosures, of Lands in the Parish of IVick rijjington, in the County of Gloucester, and for establishing the Payment of a yearly Sum to the Rector, arid his Success'ors, in lieu of Tythes, pursuant to Agreements, made between Vincent Oakley, Esquire, deceased, and the other Proprietors of the said Lands.

Ordered, That Colonel Berkeley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Elde and Mr.

Thurston:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common, called Common, in the Parish of Elfdon, in the County of berland; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

And also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled,

An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An " Act to prevent Abuses in the making of Bricks and " Tiles, and to ascertain the Dimensions thereof, and to " prevent all unlawful Combinations amongst any Brickmakers, or Tile-makers, within Fifteen Miles of the.

" City of London, in order to advance or enhance the price of Bricks or Tiles," with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

And

2

lHa

5*3.

P4

13I

Elfdon

Inclosure.

Brich anti Tilri nuking.

i Geo. II. 440 Ap $47

Sioreditch, And also, the Lords have agreed to tlfe Bill, intituled, tc. Roads. An Act for making more effectual the Acts* passed for repairing the Road from the Stones End in,

in the County of Middlesex, to the furchermost Part of the Northern Road in the Parish of in the fame

County, next to the Parish of , in the County of

Hertford-, and for amending the Road from the Watch-house in Edmonton to the Market-place in Enfield, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Xcgohting A Petition of the several Mariners and Seamen, whose Merchants Hands are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, "* and several others. Mariners of this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that by the Bill depending in this House, for the better Regulation and Government of Seamen in the Merchants Service, they will not only be subject to several Hardships, but in some Cales left without the Remedies they now enjoy by the Laws of the Land, for the more easy Recovery of the Wages justly due to them i And praying, that they may be heard by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee; to whom the Bill for the better Regulation and Government of Seamen in the ' Merchants Service, is committed; and that the Petitioners, if they think fit, be heard by their Counsel against the said Bill, before the said Committee.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard for the said Bill at the same time.

Cokwyof ' A Bill for establishing an Agreement with Seven of t"oiina* the Lords Proprietors of for the Surrender of

their Title and Interest in that Province to his Majesty, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

tolUOffice Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Rm«oe. Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Post-master-general do lay before this House, an Account of the gross Produce of the Post Office, with all Deductions for Charges of Management, or ariy other Account whatsoever, before the same was paid into the Exchequer, with an Account of the net Produce, paid in between Mi 1747, and Midfumther

1728, what has been paid at any time since of the Produce of that Year, and what Arrears are dill (landing out.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's moll honourable Privy Council.

MwtPHfonj Mr. Earle (according to Order} reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to fa® disable 'Thomas Rambridge, Esquire, to hold or execute the Warden. Office of Warden of the Prison of the , or to have or exercise any Authority relating thereto, was committed, the Amendments the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the said Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, one of them was disagreed with, and the rest agreed unto, by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, to impower the Commissioners of the Treasury to order Money to be issued, for purchasing in the Office of Warden of the Fleet Prison.

And the same was Twice read, with Blanks 1 which were filled up.

Vol. 21.

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bilb That it shall not extend to make void the Deputations to William Higgs and Matthevf Tipstaffs to the

Court of Chancery, or Richard , Tipstaff to

the Court of Exchequer.

And the said Clause wds Twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed uiito by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be id did to the Bill,

That it shall not extend to invalidate the Deputation to John Cotton, to act as Clerk of the Rules and Papers to the Prison of the Meet.

And the same was twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Body of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Sir Charles Turner (according to Order) feported from Supply; the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution, they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table j where the iamfc was read, and is as follows j viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Sum of One hundred and Fifteen thousand Pounds be granted to his Majesty, upon Account of the Arrears of his Civil List Revenues, to be replaced and refunded, for the Use and Benefit of the Publick, out of such of the Arrears of the said Revenues, as shall be Handing out at his Majesty's Demise, and, together with the said Sum of One hundred and Fifteen thousand Pounds, shall be more than sufficient to make up the Produce of the said Revenues Eight hundred thousand Pounds per Annum, during his Majesty's Life, to be computed from the Twenty-fifth Day of June, 1727.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

And the House being moved, that a Clause in the Act, of the First Year of his Majesty's Reign, for the better Support of his Majesty's Houshold, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of Great Britaitii whereby Provision is made for making good any Deficiency of the Civil List, might be read j

The faitie was read accordingly.

Then an Amendment was proposed to be made to the Resolution of the Committee, by leaving out, from the Words " out of such,'* to the End of the said Resolution, add, instead thereof, to insert these Words, " Surplusses,

" which shall from time to time, at the End of any " Year, during his Majesty's Life, arise in the Produce " of the said Revenues, over and above the Sum of " £. 800,000. per Annum in clear Money."

And the Question being put, that the said Words, proposed to be left out, Hand Part of the said Resolution 1

The House divided i

The Noes go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas, jj ZI*'

Tellers for the Noes, j } l<+

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Sum of One hundred and Fifteen thousand Pounds be granted to his Majesty, upon Account of the Arrears of his Civil List Revenues, to be replaced and refunded, for the Use and Benefit of the Publick, out of such of the Arrears of the said Revenues, as shall be Handing out at his Majesty's Demise, and, together with the said Sum of One hundred and Fifteen thousand Pounds, shall be more than sufficient to make up the Produce of the said Revenues Eight hundred

348 24 — 25'

thousand Pounds per Annum, during his Majesty's Life, to be computed from the Twenty-fifth Day of June, 1727.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Preservation _ Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday next, at of Woods in "twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of America, &c. wj)0je House, upon the Bill for better Preservation of his Majesty's Woods in , and for Encourage-

ment of the Importation of naval Stores from thence, and to encourage the Importation of Mails, Yards, and Bowsprits, from that Part of Britain called Scotland; and nothing to intervene.

Wapping Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, at new Church, Twelve of the Clock, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for making the Hamlet of trapping, Stepney, in the Parish of Saint

Stebonheath, alias Stepney, in the County of a

distinct Parish, and for providinga Maintenance for the Minister of the new Church there ;and nothing to intervene.

Punishment Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-of Forgery, night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, kc' upon the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing, and further Punish-nlent of Forgery, Perjury, and Subornation of Perjury, and to make it Felony to flea! Bonds, Notes,' or other Securities for Payment of Money.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Apr ills: A. 1729.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill was amended by the Clerk at the lable accordingly. '

Resolved, That the Bill do pa's; and That the Title be,

An Act for indemnifying Persons vs ho have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices or Employments within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further'l ime for that Purpose; and for repealing so much of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Fit ft Year of his late Majesty King George the First, as requires Persons to qualify them-

selves for Offices or Employments within Three Months, and for limiting other Times for such Qualifications.

Ordered, That Mr. Knight do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Elfdon for dividing and inclosing the Common, called Elfdon I«dof«c Common, in the Parish of Elfdon, in the County of Northumberland, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrafted Bill to disable Thomas Esquire, R*

to hold or execute the Office of Warden of the Prison of the Fleet, or to have or excercife any Authority relating fr* being thereto, was read the Third time. Warden.

Resolved, That the Bill do pafsj and that the Title be,

An Act to disable Thomas Bambridge, Esquire, to hold or execute the Office of Warden of the Prison of th or to have or exercise any Authority relating thereto.

Ordered, That Mr. Oglethorpe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. t

Thurofcoe

Inclosure.

Moore's

Name.

Offices and Employment*.

Venerisy 2 5* die Aprilis 5

Anno 2* Georgii II" Regis, 1729.

Prayers.

A MESS AGE from the Lords, by Mr.

Bennett and Mr. Masham:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming the Inclosure and Division of the common Fields, and common Grounds, within the Parish of fhurnfcoe, in the County of Forkto which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

And also, the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable James Moore, and his Issue Male, to take the Surname of Smytke, according to the Will of William Smythe, Esquire, deceased, and for vesting in Trustees. Two thousand Three hundred and Sixteen Pounds, Sixteen Shillings and Ten Pence South Sea Annuities, Part of the Estate of the said WilliaSmythe, to be sold, for the Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrafted Bill for indemnifying Persons who have Omitted to qualify themselves for Offices or Employments within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose, and for repealing so much of an Act of Parliament, passed in the First Year of his late Majesty King George the First, as requires Persons to qualify themselves for Offices or Employments within Three Months, and for limiting other Times for such Qualifications, was read the Third time.

The following Amendments were severally proposed to be made to the Bill j viz.

Press 4. L. 40. To leave out " any University," and insert "cither of the aforesaid Universities:"

Press 5. L. 6. To leave out " Third," and insert " First;" and to leave out " April," and insert " January"

L. 7. To leave out Nine," and insert

" Eight." .

L. 34* After " take" to insert and subscribe."

Ditto.

A Petition of the Matter, Wardens, and Assistants, of WocUta the Incorporation of Weavers, Fullers, &c.together with Minufednre, the principal Merchants, and Traders in the Woollen Manufacturee, of the City and County of Exon, was pre-lented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the chief Support of their Western Pans is the Woollen Manufacture, which hath principally been carried on with Irish Wool; but, notwithstanding the wliolefome Laws, already made, to prevent the running of Wool, both wrought and unwrought, from Inland to foreign Parts, yet that pernicious Practice is carried on to such a Degree, that for these late Years there has been but very finall Quantities of Wool imported from Ireland to which Deprivation hath so funk their once flourn'hing Trade, that, unless some speedy Care be taken to prevent this growing Evil, the English Manufacturee is in danger of being Joft, or at lead reduced to a low Ebb: And praying, that some effectual Me&furcs may be speedily taken, to prevent the running of Wool, and Woollen Goods, from Ireland to foreign Parts.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Clothiers, Drugget-makers, arid

Hollers, of the Town of Ringwood, in the County of

Southampton, on the behalf ot themselves, and several Hundreds more, concerned in the Woollen Manufactory in and about the said Town, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Exportation of Irish,

Wool into foreign Parts is of the moll destructive Consequence to the Trade of this Kingdom, thereby enabling foreign Nations to be our Rivals, which, without British or Irish Wool, the Petitioners conceive, is impossible to be done; and thereby our own Pcor want Employment, and are a Charge to their respective Parishes: And praying, that effectual Measures may be taken for putting a Stop to the pernicious Practice ot running Wool from Ireland to foreign Parts.

Ordered, That the said Petition do Jie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming the Inclosure and Division of the common Fields, and common Grounds, within the Parrlh of Iburnfcoe, in the County' of York, was read tire First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

16 -An

Thurnfcoe

Indore.

n

to

il

a

lit

(k

ifcs

k

1 h

toooore'i

Name.

Newtowne

Eirtiion.

a Geo. II.

25® — 26° Apr His.

34 9

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable James Moore, and his Issue Male, to take the Surname of Smythe, according to the Will of William Smythe, Esquire, deceased, and for vesting in Trustees Two thousand Three hundred and Sixteen Pounds, Sixteen Shillings, and Ten Pence, South Sea Annuities, Part of the Estate of the said William ,to be sold, for the

Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Firil time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House proceeded (according to Order) to the

of the honourable Charles and Sir John Barrington,

and inserting the Names Armand Pow/ett, Esquire,

Baronet, inilead thereof.

The Lord Finch reported to the House, that their Address, of Yesterday, That his Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Post-master-general do lay before this House, an Account of the gross Produce of the Poll Office, with all Deductions, for Charges of Management, or any other Account whatsoever, before the same was paid into the Exchequer,

Answer to AddreU.

further hearing the Merits of the Election for the Borough an^ Account of the net Produce, paid in between of Newtowne, in the Isle of Wight, in the County of Midsummer 1727» a°d *728, what has been

- Jpaid at any time since of the Produce of that Year, and

what Arrears are still (landing out, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had been pleased to command him to acquaint this House, that his Majesty will give Directions, that the said Accounts be laid before this House.

Southampton.

And the Counsel on both Sides were called in.

And the Petitioners Counsel examined Witnesses, to disqualify one of the fitting Members Voters; and to add to the Petitioners Poll several Persons, who tendered their Votes for the Petitioners, and were refused by the Mayor: And the Title Deeds, under which they claimed to vote, were produced, and read.

And the Petitioners Counsel went through their Evidence.

And the fitting Members Counsel were heard.

And they examined Witnesses, to establish the Vote objected to; and to disqualify several of those, which had been offered to be added to the Petitioners Poll; and to

add some Persons to the fitting Members Poll, who ten- citors, and Persons practising as such. dered their Votes for the fitting Members, and were refused by the Mayor: And the Title Deeds, under , That this House will, Tomorrow Morning,

which they claimed to vote, were produced, and read. resolveitfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, upon

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Call of the House be further adjourned until this Day Month.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the better qualifying and regulating Attorneys and Soli-

Call of the House.

Regulating

Attornies and

Solicitors.

Sale of Scotch for-

And the fitting Members Counsel went through their the Bill for obviating any Doubts or Difficulties, that may feited Estates.

Evidence, and summed up the fame.

And the Petitioners Counsel were heard, by way of Reply.

And they examined a Witness: And some Entries in some Court Books of the Borough were read.

To which Evidence the Counsel for the fitting Members were heard.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners finished their Reply.

And the Counsel on both Sides being withdrawn;

Mr. Worjley was heard in his Place: And then he withdrew.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being Supply granted to his Majesty. put, That James Worjley, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Newtowne, in the Isle of Wight, in the County of Southampton;

arise from an Act, passed in the First Year of his present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to explain and amend an " Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of his late Majesty's " Reign, int ituled, " An Act for the Sale of such of the " forfeited Estates in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, as remain unfold, and are vested in the Crown, " and for determining such Claims on the said Estates, " as, having been duly entered, remain undetermined.*'

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the

The House divided: The Noes go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas, 1

48.

102.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better luppressing of Piracy, and for giving all Prizes, taken from the Enemy, to the Captors.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Ways and Means.

Suppression of Piracy.

Committee of Privileges,

Sabbati 26* die Afrilis;

Anno 2* Georgii II" Regis, 1729.

Prayers.

E Clerk of the Crown attended, and (according

I Mr. Ward:

Teliers for the Noes, j CoiondOiiJlow

So it passed in the Negative.

Mr. Holmes was heard in his Place: And then he withdrew.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Thomas Holmes, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess, to lerve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Newtowne, in the Isle of Wight, in the County of Southampton;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the honourable Charles Armand Pow- A to Order) amended the Return for the Borough lett, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this of Newtowne, in the Isle of Wight, in the County of present Parliament for the Borough of Newtowne, in the Southampton.

Isle of Wight, in the County of Southampton.

Resolved, That Sir John Barrington, Baronet, is duly Mr. Fane presented to the House (according to Order) Importation elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for a Bill to revive the Laws therein mentioned, relating to foreign the Borough of Newtowne, in the Me of Wight, in the the Importation of foreign Brandy, and other Waters and randy*&c-

County of Southampton. Spirits; for Importation of Cochineal; to continue several

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend Acts, for preventing Frauds in the Custotns, for Encou-this House Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return ragement of the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom, for for the Borough of Newtowne, in the Isle of Wight, in making Copper Ore, of the British Plantations, an enume-the County of Southampton, by raising out the Names of rated Commodity, and for suppressing of Piracy: And James Worjley, Esquire, and Thomas Holmes, Esquire, the same was received, and read the First time.

Vo l. 21. 4T Resolved,

Newtowne

Return

amended.

L

4

1

55°

a6° Aprilis.

A. 1729.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

fcttulating

Thsmes

Watermen,

fcc.

Mr. Lyjltr, Mr. Paccy, Mr. , Mr.

Mr. Page, Mr. , Sir Robert Austin, Mr. Herds,

Mr. Bertie reported from the Committee, to whom the Mr. Sir Richard Mr. Tttfnell,

Bill for making more effectual several Acts passed, rclat- Mr. , Mr. , Mr. Lewis, Mr. Oglethorpe, Mr.

ing to Watermen, Wherrymen, and Lightermen, rowing Newlaud, Mr. Winning ton, Mr. Mr.

on the River Thames, and for better ordering and go- Mr. Lumley, Mr. Griffith, Mr. Brent on. Sir Tho. Hales, verning such Watermen, Wherrymen, and Lightermen, Mr. Moreton, Mr. Sambroke, Mr. Poivlett, Dr. Sayer, Mr. was committed; that the Committee had examined the Orlebar, Mr. By tig, Mr. Harvey, Sir Tho. Saunderson, Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; Mr. Neale, Mr. Sloper, Mr. Artmdell, Sir Richard Lane, and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and Lord Mr. Vernon, Mr. Knight, Mr. Annejley,

made several Amendments thereunto, which they had General Sabine, Mr. Vane, Mr. Deveretix, Mr. Finch, directed him to report to the House: And he read the Mr. Mr. Monson, Mr. Price, Lord Finch, Sir

Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, Roger , Mr. Grosvenor, Sir Humphry Howorth,

with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where Mr. Taylor, Mr.; and all the Members that the said Amendments were once read throughout, and lerve for the County of Lincoln, and for North Wales: tnen a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the severally put thereupon, one of them was dil'agreed with. Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber, and the rest were, with Amendments to some of them,

agreed unto, by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Message

A

Mr. Allen:

Mr. Speaker,

from the Lords, by Mr. Tothill and

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Tothill and Mr. Allen:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords do desire a present Conference with this House, in the Painted Chamber, upon the Subject-matter of the Bill, intituled, An Act to disable Thomas Bambridge, Esquire, to hold or execute the Office of Warden of the

Leeds The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Prison of the Fleet, or to have or exercise any Authority new Chapel, to make the Chapel of Ease of the Holy and undivided relating thereto.

..... And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to meet the Lords at a present Conference, as their Lordships do desire.

And the Messengers were called in again; and Mr,

Flfet Frifor. j dibbling Bimljriage from bring Warden.

R idler s Eliate.

Leorninlhjr

Roads.

Shepard-storil, Sec. Roa<. s.

Carter's E Slate.

Trinity in the Town of Leeds, in the County of York, a perpetual Cure and Benefice, and for defraying of some Expences in finiffiing the said Chapel, yet remaining unpaid, with One Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

And also, the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Speaker acquainted them, that the House had considered Act to enable Kinard De la Bere, Esquire, Committee of their Message, and doth agree to meet the Lords at a the Eliate of Thomas Rid/er, Esquire, a Lunatick, to fell present Conference, as their Lordships desired. and dispose of Part of the personal Estate of the said Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to manage Lunatick, for the Payment of his Debts; to which the the said Conference.

Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: . And it is referred to Mr. Oglethorpe, Mr. Sir

And also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, Archibald Grant, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Vernon, Dr. Sayer, Act Act for repairing the several Roads leading into the Sir John Rushout, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Conduitt, Mr.

Town of Leominster, in the County of Hereford, without nington Mr. Moore, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Fane, Mr. Hacks, any Amendment: Mr Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Byng, Mr. Laroche, Mr.

And also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, fVyndham, Mr. Mr. Towers, Mr. Holland,

An Act for the more effectual repairing the Highways Mr. Lord Sir Humphry Howarth, Mr.

between Shepard-Jkord and Horsley-upright Gate, leading Cornwall, Mr. Mr. Alderman

down Bagdon Hill, in the County of fVihs, and other Parsons, Mr. Glanville, Mr. Chancellor of the Ex-ruinous Parts of the Highways thereunto adjacent, with- chequer, Mr. Earle, Mr. Cross, Mr. Forbes, Mr. West by, out any Amendment. Lord Finch, Lord Inchequin, Sir Robert Mr.

And then the Messengers withdrew. Colonel Onslow, Mr. Scawen, Sir James Thornhill, Mr. Sir Thomas Lowtker, Mr. Chetwynd.

Mr. Coplefton reported from the Committee, to whom And the Names of the Managers were called over, the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for and they went to the Conference:

Sale of Part of the Estate of Walter Radcliffie, Esquire, And being returned;

in the Counties of Devon and Somerset, and for settling Mr. Ogelthorpe reported, that the Managers had met

other Lands, of equal Value, in the said County of the Lords at the Conference; and that it was managed, Devon, to the same Uses. in lieu thereof, was committed; on the Part of the Lords, by the Lord Privy Seal; who

that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the acquainted them, that the Lords, having entered upon the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties Consideration of the Bill, intituled, An Act to disable concerned, had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Thomas , Esquire, to hold or execute the

Sarisfaction of the Committeeand that the Committee Office of Warden of the Prison of the Fleet, or to have had directed him to report the Bill to the House, with- or exercise any Authority relating thereto, which they out any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at received from the Commons, and having read the said the Clerk's Table. Bill the Firfi time, and ordered it a Second Reading on,

The said Bill was read the Third time. next, do observe, that the Matters of Fast,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass. suggested in the said Bill, as the Ground and Foundation,

Ordered, That Mr. Coplefon do carry the Bill to the upon which it seems to have proceeded in the House of Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed Commons, not appearing fufEciently before the Lords, to the fame, without any Amendment. their Lordships have desired this Conference, that they

may have the Assistance of the Commons, in laying the An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act State of the said Matters of Fast more fully before their for Sale of Part of the Eliate of William Carter, Esquire, Lordships.

in the Counties of Denbigh, Flint, and Carnarvon, and to Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Con-settle other Manors and Lands in the County of Lincoln, of fi dera upon Monday Morning next. greater value, to the same Uses, was read a Second time.

SI

it

fs

RzdcliiTe*

JtJUre.

S

> 1

t

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Williams, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Sandys, Sir John -out. Sir John Hind Cotton, Sir Archibald Grant, Mr. Pitt,

The Order being read, for the House to resolve itself&Jr< into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for obviating any Doubts or Difficulties, that may

from

ii5 r-

ft

g j 1

s?,

:x

it

Jl-

te 2

oi*

lc?

ick

fc:>

if*

loc^;: \\p tft*

J' )[J I*

to

l«tf

ti£

fljf

i Geo. II.

26" — 28 aJprilis.

35*

from an Act, passed in the First Year of his present Re/alved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee Majesty, intituled, "An Act to explain and amend an of the whole House.

" Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of his late Majesty's Resolve That this House will, upon Friday Mornlleigo, intituled, "An Act for the Sale of such of the ifig next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole "forfeited Estates in that Part of Great Britain Called House, upon the said Bill.

" Scotfaud, as remain unfold, and are vested in the

" Crown, and for determining such Claims on the said A Petition of the poor insolvent Debtors, and Smug- Prisoner* in

" Estates, as, having been duly entered, remain unde* glers, confined in the Sheriff's Ward for the County of De»<mG*oL

Devon, was presented to the House, and read; complain* ing of Cruelties and Oppressions from their Keeper, and his Under-agent; and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table,

Sale of

Mr. Conduit (according to Order) reported from the Scotch for-had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend- Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for fcited Estate*. ments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, obviating any Doubts or Difficulties, that may arise from when the House will please to receive the same. an Act, passed in the First Year of his present Majesty,

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday intituled, "An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed

" termined,

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conduitttook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conduitt reported from the Committee, that they

Cobb's

Divorce.

Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Thomas Cobb with Rachel Krebs, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conduit took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

And, in regard there was not Forty Members present, to proceed in the Business,

Mr. Speaker adjourned the House till Monday unto by the House.

in the Thirteenth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for the Sale of such of the forfeited Estates in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, as remain unfold, and are vested in the Crown, and for determining such Claims on the said Estates, as, having been duly entered, remain undetermined," was committed, the Amendments, the Committee had made to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill* with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the said Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed

Morning next. Nine of the Clock

Importation of foreign Brandy, &c.

A'

Eidler*!

Efta-. c.

Regulating

the Nightly Watch,

Luna, 28° die Apr ills;

Anno a* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1729 Prayers.

BILL to revive the Laws therein mentioned, relating to the Importation of foreign Brandy, and other Waters and Spirits; for Importation of Cochineal; to continue several Acts, for preventing Frauds in the Customs, for Encouragement of the Silk Manu-faflures of this Kingdom, for making Copper Ore, of the British Plantations, an enumerated Commodity,

and for suppressing of Piracy, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Fane, Mr. Winning!on, Mr. Taylor, Mr. Scrope, Mr. Bacon, Lord Fitz Williams, Mr. Moor, Mr. Clutter buck, Mr. Metcalfe, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Gould, Mr. Duckett, Mr. Niccolls, Mr. Vernon, Sir Richard Lane, Mr. Pacey, Mr. Morrice, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Sloper, Mr. Holland, Mr. Alderman Child, Mr. Kelfall, Mr. Vincent, Sir Robert , Mr. Pottinger,

Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Cornwall, Mr. , Mr. Hughes,

Mr. Baron Thompson, Mr. Serjeant Birch, Mr Sir Archibald Grant, Mr. Cross, Mr. Hucks, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Colonel Read, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Parsons, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Ongley; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Kinard Dela Bere, Esquire, Committee of the Estate of Thomas Ridler, Esquire, a Lunatick, to fell and dil'pose of Part of the personal Estate of the said Lunatick, for the Payment of his Debts, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for appointing a better nightly Watch, and regulating the Beadles, in England, and for the better

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House (according to Order) proceeded to take Fleet Prison j into Consideration the Report of the Conference with the e

Lords, on Saturday last, upon the Subject-matter of the being Bill, intituled, An Act to disable Thomas Bambridge, Warden. Esquire, to hold or execute the Office of Warden of the Prison of the Fleet, or to have or exercise any Authority relating thereto.

And the Report was read.

Ordered, That the Committee, who were appointed to manage the said Conference, be a Committee, to state the Matters of Fadl, on which the said Bill was grounded, ir. order to be delivered to the Lords at a Conference.

And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker's Chamber, to prepare the said State.

And their Names were called over, and they withdrew accordingly.

The Order being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

The House resolved itself into the said Commttee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Supply.

The Order being read, for the House to resolve itself Supply hill 1 into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for laying a Duty upon compound Waters, or Spirits, Waters, commonly called Gin;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order befog read, for the House to resolve itself _ Settling enlightening the Streets, and publick Passages, within into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the weekly Bills of Mortality, was read a Second time. settling the Price of Corn and Grain imported, and for

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. ascertaining the Quantity of Corn exported j

Vol. 21. Resolved,

L

a8° — 29° Aprilis.

352

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Wapping The House resolved itself into a Committee of the

newChuich. whole House, upon the Bill for making the Hamlet of Wapping, Stepney, in the Parish of Saint

A. 1729.

"Which, in the Opinion of the Commons, did make out the Allegations in the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said State of the Matters of Fact be delivered to the Lords at a" Conference, together with a Copy of the Patent for the Office of Warden of the Prison, granted to Sir Jeremy Whichcot, Amo 19®

IK1, and the Patent of the said Office, granted to the said Thomas Bambridge and Dougall , Esquires, Anno

Stebonheath, alias Stepney, in the County of Middlesex, a Secundo Georgii III. Regis, and the Articles of Agreement

Suppression Suppression of Piracy.

distinct Parish, and for providing a Maintenance for the Minister of the new Church there.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Perry took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Perry reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame,

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better suppressing of Piracy, and for giving all Prizes, taken from the Enemy, to the Captors.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir fVm. Tonge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Wm. Tange reported ftom the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Thursday Morning next.

Fleet Prison.

disabling Bambridge from being Warden.

between the said Thomas Bambridge and Dougall,

relating to the said Office, dated the Thirtieth Day of September, 1728.

Resolved, That a Conference be desired with the Lords upoi> the Subject-matter of the last Conference.

Ordered, That Sir Wm. Yonge do go to the Lords, and desire the said Conference.

And then the House adjourned till To-morraw Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martii, 290 die Aprilis;

Anno 2* Georgii IN' Regis, 1729.

Prayers.

MR. Vernon presented to the House (according to import.-tic* Order) a Bill for the better employing the Poor, otwrought and encouraging the Manufactures, of this Kingdom, by preventing the clandestine Importation of wrought Silks, or Silks mixed with Gold, Silver, or other Materials; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Mow'» to enable James Moore, and his Issue Male, to take the Name, Surname of Smytke, according to the Will of William Smythe, Esquire, deceased, and for vesting in Trustees Two thousand Three hundred and Sixteen Pounds, Six-

Mr. Oglethorpe reported from the Committee appointed to Rate the Matters of Fad, on which the Bill, intituled,' teen Shillings, and Ten Pence, South Sea Annuities, Part An Act to disable Thomas Bambridge, Esquire, to hold or of the Estate of the said William Smythe, to be sold, for execute the Office of Warden of the Prison of the Fleet, the Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second or to have or exercise any Authority relating thereto, was time, grounded, in order to be delivered to the Lords at a , That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Conference, the State of the said Matters of Fad; which . Mr. , Mr. Attorney-general, Mr. Solicitor-general, he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Mr. Bootle, Mr. Mr. Gybbon, Mailer of the

Clerk's Table j where the same was read, and, with some Rolls, Sir Tonge, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Holland, Mr.

Amendments, agreed unto by the House: And the said Vernon, Mr, Plumptre, Mr. Earle, Lord IVm. Powlet.

State is as follows j viz. Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Mr. Mr. Metcalfe, Mr.

Your Lordflrips having at a Conference desired the Duckett, Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. Mr Bucks,

Affiflaoce of the Commons, in laying more fully before Mr. Laroche, Sir Humphry Mr. Pitt, Sir IVm.

your Lordships the State of the Matters of Fa<ft, upon St. Quintin, Mr, Mr. North, Sir Tho. Lo-xther,

which the Bill, intituled, An Act to disable Thomas Mr. Hales, Mr. Brooksbank, Mr. Kelfall, Lord Marqui* Bambridge, Esquire, to hold or execute the Office of of Hartington, Lord Charles Cavendish, Mr. Edgcumbe, Warden of the Prison of the Flee/, or to have or exercise Colonel Berkeley, Lord Colonel Mr.

any Authority relating thereto, was grounded; . Lord Mr. Campbell, Mr. Hojle, Sir Richard

The Commons have commanded us to lay before your Grosvenor, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Whitworth, Mr.

Lordlliips, Lord Mr. Vane, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Baconand

An authentick Copy of the In rol men t of the Patent, all the Members, that serve for the County of Surry:

for the Office of Warden of the Fleet Prison, granted to And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Sir Jeremy Whichcot, Anno 190 Caroli IP1, produced by the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; laid Thomas Bambridge;

The Patent of the said Office, granted to the said An ingrossed Bill for making more effectual several Reflating Thomas Bambridge and Dougall Cuthbert, Esquires, Anno Acts passed, relating to Watermen, Wherry men, and Tk®* 20 Georgii IP1 Regis; Lightermen, rowing on the River Thames, and for better

The Articles of Agreement between the said Thomas ordering and governing such Watermen, Wherrymen, Bambridge and Dougall Cuthbert, relating to the said and Lightermen, was read the Third time.

Office, dated the joth Day of September, 1728, owned by Resolved, That the Bill do pals; and that the Title be, the said Thomas Bambridge. An Act for making more effectual several Acts passed.

The Commons have also commanded us to acquaint relating to Watermen, Wherrymen, and Lightermen, your Lordships, that the said Bill was also grounded upon rowing on the River and for better order-

Evidence given by ing and governing such Watermen, Wherrymen, and

John Huggins, Esquire, Dougall Cuthbert, Esquire, Lightermen.

John Bouch, Richard Bishop, John Pope, John lnnis;Ordered, That Mr. Bertie do carry the Bill to the Thomas Houghton, John Cotton, Elijah Beaves, John Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mackpheadris, Ambrose Burgess, Francis Harbin, John

Crawford, Fitz Norris Wood, Robert By grave, David An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Tkrr.fcw Sinclair j for confirming the Inclosure and Division of the common h-dofute.

20 fields,

D

M

F:

M

Ci

to

I5!

i!

n

I.

Ellfl;*

j^ioiurc*

Importation of foreign Brandy# ic.

4 Geo. II. 29*

Fields, and common Grounds, within the Parish of Thurnfcoe, in the County of York, was read a Second time. \

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. , Mr. Vincent, Mr. Wyndham, Mr. , Sir Geo.

Oxenden, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Campbiil, Mr. Brown, Mr. fVinnington, Lord Wm. Rowlett, Sir Richard Lane, Mr. Earle, Mr. Tufnell, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Metcalfe, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Jenifon, Mr. Towers, Mr. Orle-bar, Mr.. Moor, Mr. Papillon, Mr. Holland, Mr.

Jon, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Vyner, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Bond, Mr. Whitvborth, Mr. Brooksbank, Sir Henry Hoghton, Mr. Cross, Mr. Banks, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Ongley, Sir Geoi Saunders, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Mr. Munro, Mr. Robarts, Mr. Alderman Child, Sir Tho. Clark, Mr. Crowle, Mr.

Mr. Harvey, Dr. Sayer, Mr. Newland, Mr.

Mr. Byng, Mr. Cary, Mr. Plumptre, Sir Robert Mr. Sandys, Mr. Crisp, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Andrews, Mr.

Heathcote; and all the Members, that serve for the County of York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Art ingrossed Bill from the Lords* intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common* called E/fdon Common, in the Parish of Elfdon, in the County of Northumberland, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That thei Bill be committed to Mr. Jenifon, Mr. Holland, Sir Geo. Oxenden, Sir fames Campbell, Mr. Whitworlh, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Page, Sir Thomas

Lowther, Mr. Car, Sir Henry Hoghton, Mr. Tufnell, Mr; Metcalfe, Mr. Bladen, Mr. Byng, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Bacon, Mr; Alderman Perry, Mr; Cary, Mr. Child, Mr. Gybbon-, Mr. Hurts, Mr. Vincent, Mr.

Mr. Clutter buck, Mr. Brown, Mr. Lord IVm.

Powlett, Sir Richard Lane, Mr. Mr. Vernon,

Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Bond, Mr. Brooksbank, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Banks, Mr. Cross, Sir Geo. Saunders, Mr. Munro, Mr. Alderman Barnard,

Sir Thomas Clark, Mr. Crowle, Mr. Robarts, Mr. Harvey, Dr. Sayer, Mr. Byng, Mr. CoSir Robert Aufiin, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Crisp, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Pitt, Sir Humphrey Monoux, Mr. Vane, Lord Limerick, Mr. Robinson; and all the Members, that serve for the

Counties of Durham and Northumberland: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

the House being moved, that the Fourteenth Section of the Act 33° Heurici OElavi, c. 9. For the debarring of unlawful Games, might be read;

The said Clause was read.

Ordered, That it be an Infraction to the Committee, to whom the Bill to revive the Laws therein mentioned, relating to the Importation of foreign Brandy, and other Waters and Spirits; for Importation of Cochineal; to continue several Acts, for preventing Frauds in the Customs, for Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom, for making Copper Ore, of the British Plantations, an enumerated Commodity, and for suppressing of Piracy, is committed; that they have Power to receive a Clause, for making more effectual the Provision in the said Act, of the 33d Year of King Henry the Eighth, for the debarring of unlawful Games.

The House being moved, that the Act of the Eleventh Year of King Henry the Seventh, c. 1a. intituled, " A " Mean to help and speed poor Persons in their Suits," might be read;

The said Act was read;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill to revive the Laws therein mentioned, lefating to the Importation of foreign Brandy, and other Warers and Spirits; for Importation of Cochineal; to continue several Acts, for preventing Frauds in the Customs, for Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom, for making Copper Ore, of the British Vol. 21.

153

Plantations, an enumerated Cdmrtiodity, ind for suppressing of Piracy is committed; that they have Power to receive a Clause, for giving to poor Persons, prosecuted by the Capias, granted by an Act, of the Eighth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, cap. 18. To prevent the clandestine running of Goods, such Help in their Suits, as is given to other poor Persons by the said Act, of the Eleventh Year of lting Henry the Seventh.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to impower his Majesty to visit the collegiate Church of Manchester, during such time as the Wardenfllip of the said Church is or shall be held in with the

Bishoprick of Chester, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed;

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee Of the whole Hotlfe.

Resolved-, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Manchester

Collegiate

Church.

Sir Charles Turner, according to Order, reported from Supply; the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to confidet further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions, they had directed him to report tb the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read* and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Threfc thousand One hundred Eighty-nine Pounds, Eleven Shillings, imd Seven Pence Farthing, be granted to his Majesty, to make good the Deficiency of the Grants for the Service of the Year 1728.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, riot exceeding Sixty-three thousand Nine hundred and Two Pounds, Fifteen Shillings, and Two Pence Half-peny, be granted to his Majesty, for making good the Deficiency of the general Fund of Seven hundred Twenty-four thousand Eight hundred Forty-nine Pounds, Six Shillings, and Ten Pence, and One Fifth Part of a Peny, per Annum, for the Year ended at Michaelmas 1728.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds, bfe granted to his Majesty, upon Account, towards the Support of the royal Hospital at Greenwich, for the better Maintenance of the Seamen of the said Hospital, worn out and become decrepit in the Service of their Country.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second time, were. Upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Order being read, for the House to resolve itself JVfervation into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for of Woods in better Preservation of his Majesty's Woods in America, America, and for Encouragement of the Importation of naval Stores from thence, and to encourage the Importation of Masts, Yards, and Bowsprits, from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland;

Ordered, That the Petition of the Inhabitants of Birmingham, and Parts adjacent, Manufacturers in Iron, presented to the House the Ninth instant, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account, shewing what Quantity of Iron has been imported from Sweden and Spain into the Port of London, for Five Years, ending at Christmas last, distinguishing each Year, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of what Duties are payable for Iron, imported from the British Colonies and Plantations in America, what Quantities of Iron have been imported from thence the last Ten Years, and how much the Duties, paid for the same, amounted to, distingoifty-ing each Year, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee. o f

4 U . Mr.

rf*'

554

a t>° — 3 o' Apr ills.

A.

1729,

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment':

Mr. Dodington took the Chair of the Committee. And lie delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. The said Bill was read the Third time.

Mr. Dodington reported from the Committee, that the Rtf That the Bill do pass. Committee had heard Counsel against the said Bill, upon Ordered, That Mr. of do carry the Bitl

the Petition of Rickard Partridge, Agent for the Province to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath of New Jersey, and alf> Agent for the Colony of Rhoad agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

IJlatid and Providence Plantations, in America, and also

upon the Petition of Jeremiah Dummer, Esquire, Agent An ingrafted Bill for obviating any Doubts br Difr for the Province of the Massachusetts Bay, in Neiv England, Acuities, that may arise from an Act, passed in the First

Saje of

Scorch

XVtpping

new Church.

and also upon the Petition of 'Jeremiah Dummer, and Jonathon Belcher, Esquires, Agents for the Colony of Con-neflievti and that the Committee had considered the Petition of the Inhabitants of Birmingham, and Parts adjacent, Manufacturers in Iron, for the said Bill; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they bad directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.'

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for making the Hamlet of Wapping, Stepney, in the Parish of

Year of his present Majesty, intituled, "An Acfcto explain and amend an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for Sale " of such of the forfeited Estates in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, as remain unfold, and are " veiled, in the Crown, and for determining such Claims " on tire said Estates, as, having been duly entered, remain " undetermined," was read the Third time.

The following Amendments were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press a. L. 3;. To leave out " Scotland," and insert " Ireland

L. 40. To leave out " the Relief of,*' and insert " relieving."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question

Stebonheath, alias Stepney, in the County of A Jiddlesex, severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and

Debtors

Ii»pnfonn<eat.

a distin£l Parish, and for providing a Maintenance for the Minister of the new Church there, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 30° die Apr ills;

Anno a* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1729.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

ton. Sir Nadianael Curzon, Mr. Mr. Hales, Mr.

the Bill was amended by the Clerk at the Table accordingly. J

Resolved, That the Bill do pals; and that the Title be. An Act for obviaring any Doubts or Difficulties, that may arise from an Act, passed in the Fiift Year of his present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to explain and Amend an " Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of his late Majesty s " Reign, intituled, An Act for Sale of such of the " forfeited Estates in that Part of Great Britain called " Scotland, as remain unfold, and are vested in the " Crown, and for determining such Claims on the said " Estates, as, having been duly entered, remain undetermined."

Ordered, That Sir Archibald Grant do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House took into Confederation the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An t to ek-

HAJey, Mr. Byng, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Sandys, Sir Thomas plain and amend an A<fl, made in the Twelfth Year of

Bricks and Tiles making.

Lyttelton, Mr. Clutter buck, Mr. Oglethorpe, Mr. Pacey, Mr. Morrice, Mr. Alderman Child, Mr. Holland, Mr. Hucks, Mr. Orlebar, Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Sir Archibald Grant, Sir Abraham Elton, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Tufnell, Mr. Aijlabie, Mr.

Lyjler, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Fane, Mr. , Sir John Rushout, Mr. Campbell, Mr. kVfut worth, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Mttnro, Mr. Selwyn, L >rd Mickleth ivaife, Sir James Campbell, Sir !Vm. IVII/ys, Lord IVm. Powlett,

Lord Petcival, Mr. Bramston, Sir John AJlley, Sir Thomas Hales. Me. Cockburn, Mr. Dodington, Sir Adolphus

Oughlon, Mr. Baron Thompson, Mr. AUington, Master of the Rolls, Lord Beauclerk, Sir Thomas Mr.

Rudge, Mr. Thompson, Genera Ross, Mr. Alderman

Pdrjons, Mr. Harvey, Sir John Barrington, Mr. pleston, Mr. Wyndham, Sir Humphry , Mr.

Lockyer, Mr. Brook/lank, Mr. Laroche, Mr.; and

all the Gentle men of the Long Robe: And co

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber. >t"

his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act to prevent " Abuses in the making of Bricks and TiJes, and to " ascertain the Dimensions thereof, and to prevent all " unlawful Combinations amongst any Brick-makers, or " Tile-makers, within Fifteen Miles of the City of " London, in order to advance or enhance the Price of " Bricks or Tiles.'

And the said Amendments were read, and.are as follows; viz.

Press 8. L. 37. Leave out from " Offence' to " Provided," in the 3-d Line of the next Press.

Press 3. L. 8. Afier " Bricks" insert "for Sale."

The laid Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the Hoofs.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Child do carry the B it *to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

tq

to

7 r1

' aS1 an Si m

Bmffrrton,

At- . F*-

citant'c of Ad vow ions.

Mr. Thompson, of York, reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Ad vow fan of the Vicarage of Braffet ton, in the County of Fori, in his Majesty, in Exchange for the Advov/fon of the Vicarage of -thorp, in the same County, thereby vested in the --bishop of Fork, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations < f the Bill, and found the same 'td- be -true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Contents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to 22

Mr. Alderman Perry (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House. to whom the Bill for making the Hamlet Stepney, in the

Parish of Saint Dunjian Stebonhealias Stepney, in the County of Miad/e/ex, a diflind Parish, and for providing a Maintenance for the Minister of the new Church there, was committed, the Amendments, the Committee.had made to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Plape, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table;where the said Amendments were

Wipin' nctv Church.

once read throughout, and then a Second time,. one by

one,

a Geo. ft. 3 o° Aprilis. — i ° Mali. 355

one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill,/ with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Lee* The House took into Consideration the Amendment, wwCh*pe' made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act to make the Chapel of Ease of the Holy and undivided Trinity in the Town of Leeds, in the County of York, a perpetual Cure and Benefice, and for defraying of some Expences in finishing the said Chapel, yet remaining unpaid.

And the said Amendment Was read, and is as follows; viz.

Press 15. L. 27. Leave out Forty," and; instead thereof, insert " Ninety." /

And the said Amendment being read a Second time; was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Sir William Milner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment, made by their Lordshipa.

Ffet Prisonj Sir William Yonge reported to the House, that he »b!? having, according to Order, been at the Lords, to desire Waiting Conference upon the Subject-matter of the last Contract,*. S ference; the Lords do agree to a Conference, and appoint the same presently, in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Committee, who managed the last Conference, do manage this Conference.

Then their Names were called over, and they went to the Conference:

And being returned;

Mr. Oglethorpe reported, that the Managers had been at the Conference; and had delivered to the Lords the State of the Matters of Fail, on which the Bill, intituled, An Act to disable Thomas Bambridge, Esquire, to hold or execute the Office of Warden of the Prison of the Fleet, or to have or exercise any Authority relating thereto, was grounded, together with the several Writings, relating to the said Office, which the House had directed to bp delivered to their Lordships.

Sailing Price The Order being read, for the House to resolve itself of Cotmm. into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for P011'*1' settling the Price of Corn and Grain imported, $nd for ascertaining the Quantity of Corn exported;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have power to receive a Clause, to relieve such Persons, who, through Neglect or Inadvertency, have omitted to pay the several Itates or Duties upon Money, given, paid, or contrafted for, with Apprentices.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, to enable his Majesty to dispose of so much of the Sum of Fifty-eight Thousand Pounds, given for Half-pay, for the Year 1728, as shall be more than sufficient to pay the Half-pay Officers, unto such Officers, as shall have been maimed in the Service, or by their long Services may be proper Objects of his Majesty's Compassion, or to the Widows and Children of such Officers.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause of Appropriation.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Reguta»ing resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Attornieiand consider further of the Bill for the better qualifying and Solicitors, regulating Attornies and Solicitors, and Persons practising as such.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Colony of resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Carolina, the Bill for establishing an Agreement with seven of the Lords Proprietors of Carolina, for the Surrender of their Title and Interest in that Province to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec^ Committee tions be adjourned. of Privilege!.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovts, 1* dieMaii;

Anno 2® Georgii Hdi Regis, 1729.

Prayers.

A BILL for the better employing the Poor and en- importation couraging the Manufactures of this Kingdom, by of wrought / preventing (he clandestine Importation of wrought Silks, Slllts-or Silks mixed with Gokl; Silver, or other Materials, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House; upon the said Bill.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, to whom the importance Bill to revive the Laws therein mentioned, relating to of foreign 1 the Importation of foreign Brandy, and other Waters and krauoy, *tc; Spirits; for Importation of Cochineal {to continue fevera'l Acts, for preventing Frauds in the Customs, for Er» couragempnt of the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom, for making Copper Ore, of the BPlantations, an enumerated Commodity, and for 1'uppressing of Piracy, was committed, that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed hinj to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the'Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the said Amendments were once read throughout, and-then, a.-Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House,

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, to oblige Retailers of Brandy, and other distilled Liquors, to take Licences.

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up; and the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That no Licence, to keep Inns, or Alc-houses, shall be granted, but at a general Meeting of the Justices of the Peace fdr the Place, where the Persons dwell.

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; which wree filled up by the House.

And another Amendment being proposed to be made to the said Clause;.

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon; '

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Mafhath and Mr. Allen:

Mr. Speaker, J

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for juii;an»fj j,c> naturalizing John Jullian, and Isaac Pant hand; to which J Nat. the Lords <)efire the Concurrence, this House:

And

35*

t

Maii.

A. 1725).

fleet frrifort; And also, the Lords have commartdedthem to acquaint The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Pumlhmmt

this House, that their Lordships, having under theif whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, Consideration the Bill, intituled, An Act to disable intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing, and c'

Thomas Bambridge, F.lquire, to hold or execute the Office further Punishment, of Forgery, Perjury, and Suborna-

dibbling B*mbtidge from bring Watden.

of Warden of the Frilon of the or to have or exercise any Authority delating thereto, desire, that Richard Corbett, aTipftaff in the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House* may be produced before their Lordships, when desired.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, or his Deputy, do attend the Lords with the

tion of Perjury, and to make it Felony'to steal Bonds, Notes, or other Securities, for Payment of Money.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gybbon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gybbon reported from the Coriimittee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when

said Richard Corbett, in his Custody, in such manner, as the House will please to receive the feme.

is desired by their Lordships.

The Messengers were called in'again and Mr, Speaker acquainted th$m, that the House had considered of that Part of their Message, which related to Richard Corbett', and had ordered, that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, or his Deputy, do attend the Lords with the said

Ordered, That the Report be received bpon Monday

Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn*

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Vr?.rn.'C4S'1^ House, to consider further of the Bill for the better

Solicitor*.

Richard Corbett, in his Custody, in such Manner, as i* qualifying and regulating Attorneys and Solicitors, and

Refolding

Merchants

Seamen.

desired by their Lordships.

Mr. Alderman Barnard reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Regulation and Government of Seamen in the Merciiants Service, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Tabic.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Saturday Morning next.

Persons practising as such.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

settling Price of Corn, imported, See.

Sir Charles Turner (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for settling the Price of Com and Grain imported, and for ascertaining the Quantity of Corn exported, was committed, the Amendments, the Committee had made to the BUI, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at I be Clerk's Table ;where the said Amendments were once

Vtnerisy 2° die Maii j

Anno 2* Georgii II41 Regis, j 729.

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Kinnarddela Bere, Esquire, Committee of the Estate of Thomas Ridler, Esquire, a Lunatick, to sell and dispose of Part of the personal Estate of the said Lunatick, for the Payment of his Debts, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Colonel Berkehy, Mr. Ash, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Fane, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Powlett, Mr. Earle, Mr. Byng, Sir John Dutton, Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Papi/lon, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Law Sir Roger Meredith,

Mr. Hatfey, Mr. Cunningham, Mr. Clutter buck, Mr, Gregory, Mr. Or/ebar, Mr. Campbell, Mr.

Ridler*!

Eflaie.

read throughout, and then* a Second time, one by one, Mr. Sir Or/. Bridgman, Sir Edmund Bacon, Lord

and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed Powlett, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Lee, Lord Limerick,

Sttpprcflion of Piracy.

unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Order being read, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better suppressing of Piracy, and for giving all Prizes, taken from the Enemy, to the Captors, was committed j

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow

Mr. Moreton, Mr. Hucks, Mr. Sandys, Sir John Rushout, Sir 7bo. Read, Lord Vane, Sir John Hind Cotton, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Gybbon, Lord Gage, Sir Geo.

Saunders, Mr. Serjeant Birch, Mr. and all the

Members, that serve for the Counties of Gloucester, Worcester, and Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Morning.

The House was informed, that the Post-master-general attended at the Door; who, being called in, did, at the Bar, present to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, An Account of the grols Produce of the Colony of _ The Order being read, for the House to resolve itself post Office, with all Deductions, for Charges of Manage-Caroiioa. into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for ment, or any other Account whatsoever, before the same establishing an Agreement with Seven of the Lords Pro- was rinto the Exchequer; with an Account of the prietors of Carp/rW, for the Surrender of their Title and net Produce, paid in between 1727* an

Poll Office Revenue,

Li

»t)

Ik

il

tin

i$t

k

b

Sr

Lr

ii

It

Jnfereft in that Province to his Majesty;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Sj>eaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that the said Lords Proprietors had given their to the

Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the

Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive feme. Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read 1

m

Midsummer 1728, what has been paid at any time since of the Produce of that Year, and what Arrears are ftiil Ilanding out.

And then the Post-master-general withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as follows;

1 h

tin

Ur.

Jfe

Ci,

it

account

Graham's

fcftaic.

Wapping oev Church.

2 Geo. II. 49 Maii. 357

ACCOUNT of the gross Produce of the Post Office, with all Deductions, for Charges of Management, or any other Account whatsoever, before the same was paid into the Exchequer; with an Account of the net Produce, paid in between Midsummer, 1727, and Midfummtr, 1728, what has been paid at any Time since of the Produce of that Year, and what Arrears are (till {landing out;

£ s. d.

The gross Produce of the Poll Office, from Midsummer, 1727, to Midsummer, 1728 - - 215,959 — —

Deductions:

For Charges of Management, and Off-takings, for State and Members Letters, d.

Country and returned Letters, and Rebates, included in the gross Produce 113,484 2 6 For 700. per Week, paid into the Exchequer by Act of Parliament 37,too — i — '

For Money paid on Grants front his Majesty's royal Predecessors - - 13,907 a 8

----- ----- ----- -----,64,491 5 2

Net Produce: s. d.

Paid on a Grant and Warrants from his present Majesty - 8,921 8 7

Paid into the Exchequer ----- - 9,144 2 7

----- ----- ----- 18,065 II

Arrears, due from Country Post-masters, and others, incurred between

summer, 1717, and Midsummer, 1728 - - - - 33,402 3

£. 51,467 14 10

a

8

— 51,467 14 1*

Arrears, due at Midsummer, 1728, as above - - 33,40a 3 8

Received on Account of the said Arrears, from Midfummtr1728, to 18 following, till which time the Arrears were not kept separate by the Receiver General, but were accounted for with the Money arising by the Produce of the Current Year - ----- -- - 13,993 l9 6

Paid into Exchequer the Money received on Account of the said Arrears, from the 1Sth October, 17284 t o April, 1729 - 13,126 32

---> ----- ---27,120 a 8

Rests {landing out of said Arrears, 1 ft. April, 1719 - - - 6,282 1 —

Examined per <tho. Horne, Accomptant. 1 11

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ap ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable William Graham, son of John , late

Alderman of Drogheda, in the Kingdom of ,to make Leafesof several Parts of his Ellate in the Counties of Lowth and Meath, and in the County of the Town of Drogheda, for the better Improvement thereof, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Clutterbuck, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Alderman Child, Mr. Sir

Watlmael Curzon, Lord MiMr.

Mr. Halsey, Lord Limerick, Mr. Alderman Parsons, Mr, Bacon, Mr. Lee, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Mr.

Sir Orlando Bridgman, Mr. Ke/fall, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Banks, Mr. Hucksr Mr. Ash, Mr. Mr.

Sir Wilfrid Law son. Colonel Cornwallis, Mr. Vernon, Lord Wm. Powlett, Lord Gage, Mr. Cornwall, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Williams, Mr. Cunningham, Sir Wm. Tonge, Sir Thomas Hales, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Cornwallis, Mr. Powlett, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Mr,

Sandys, Mr. Wyndham, Dr. Bayer, Mr. Lydde/l, Colonel Bladen, Mr. Vyner, Sir RogerBradshaigh, Mr. , Mr. Car, Mr. Huxley, Mr. Conduitt, Mr. Evans, Mr. Fortescue, Mr. Baron Thomson, Sir Geo. , Mr.

Drummond, M#. Dockminique, Mr. Mr, Earle,

Mr. Wortley, Mr. Alderman Perry, Colonel Berkeleyi Mr. Pacey, Mr. Edwards, Lord Archibald,

Colonel Onslow, Lord Percival, Mr. Eyres: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for making the Hamlet of Wap ping. Stepney, in the Parish of Saint Dunstan, Stebonhcath, alias Stepney, in the County of Middlesex, a distinct Parish, and for providing a Maintenance for the Minister of the new Church there, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pafsj and that the Title be, An Act for making the Hamlet of Wapping, Stepney, in the Parish of Saint Dunstan, Stebonheath, alias Stepney, in the Counjty of Middlesex, a distinct Parish, and for Voi.. 21.

providing a Maintenance for the Minister of the new?

Church' there.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Perry do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Jullian'ijAe* for naturalizing John Jullian and Isaac Panchaud, was Nat* read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Wm. Yonge (according to Order) reported from the gupprefflon Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for of Piracy, the better suppressing of Piracy, and for giving all Prizes*) taken from the Enemy, to the Captors, was committed, the Amendments, the1 Committee had made to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House} and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at tho Clerk'9 Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, for

That the other Orders of the Day be now read; Order of the

The House divided: Day.

The Yeas go forth:

| 126.

Tellers for the Noes.J*'"' 60.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the same being read;

The House resumed the adjourned Debate upon the Importation Clause, relating to the licensing of Intis, and Ale-houses, of foreign offered Yesterday to be added to the Bill to revive the Brandy.&c. Laws therein mentioned, relating to the Importation of foreign Brandy, and other Waters and Spirits; for Importation of Cochineal; to continue several Acts, for preventing Frauds in the Customs, for Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom, for making Copper Ore, of the British Plantations, an enumerated Commodity, and for suppressing of Piracy.

4 X And

35«

2° — 3* Mali.

A.

1729.

And the said Clause was amended, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Prefcrration of Woods in America, ice.

committed, the Amendments, the Committee had made to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, Mr. Dodington (according to Order) reported from the upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for by the House; and other Amendments were made by better Preservation of his Majesty s Woods in America, the House to the Bilk

and for Encouragement of the Importation of Naval Stores , That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

from thence, and to encourage the Importation of Mails, ingrossed.

Yards, and Bowsprits, from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, was committed, the Amendments, the The House (according to Order) took into Considera-Committee had made to the Bill, which they had directed tion the Report from the Committee of the whole House, him to report to the House: And he read the same in to whom the Bill for the better Regulation and Govern-

Rfgufating

Merchants

Seamen.

his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Tabic; where the said Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one,. and, upon the Question

ment of Seamen in the Merchants Service, was committed.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, were once read throughout, and then a Second

severally put thereupon, one of them was disagreed with, time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put and the rest were agreed Unto by the House. thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to be Bill, That, A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That for better making cool Tar, for Cordage, the last Half of any Court of Admiralty may proceed, judge, and deter-every Kiln of Tar shall be made into Pitch. mine, upon the Contracts and Agreements, entered into

And the same ivas twice read, with Blanks; which pursuant to this Act, according to the Equity Of the

were filled up: And the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Retaliating the Nightly Watch, See.

maritime Laws.

And the Question being put, that the said Clause be brought up; -

It passed in the Negative.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, For more easy Recovery of Seamens Wages, without pre-Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- ducing the Contracts, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole And the same was twice read, with Blanks; which House, upon the Bill for appointing a better nightly were filled up: And the Clause was, upon the Question Watch, and regulating the Beadles, in England, and for put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made the better enlightening the Streets, and publick Passages, Part of the Bill.

within the weekly Bills of Mortality.

Supply; Puty on compound Waters.

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for laying a Duty upon compound Waters, or Spirits, commonly called Gin.

Mr. Speaker Iefc the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that they had made some Progress in the Bill; and that the Committee had directed him to move the House, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Rdulved, That this House will, Tomorrow, at One of the Clock in the Afternoon, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill, and nothing to intervene.

Colony of Carolina.

Committee of Privilege*.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill establi filing an Agreement with Seven of the Lords Proprietors of Carolina, for the Surrender of their Title and Interest in that Province to his Majesty, is committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be adjourned.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, For compelling Payment of the Forfeitures to the Use of Greenwich Hospital within a short Time to be limited.

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up: And the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, For making the Act temporary.

And the feme was twice read, with Blanks;. which were filled up: And the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

And other Amendments were made by the House to the Body of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned Morning, Nine of the Clock.

till Tomorrow

Sabbati, 30 Maii;

Anno 2® Georgii IIdi Regis, 1729.

P R AVERS.

The House (according to Order) relblved itself into ?apply Bill; a Committee of the whole House, to consider further Duty on of the Bill for laying a Duty upon compound Waters, comp°o»>d or Spirits, commonly called Gin. 4ter$'

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next, at Eleven of the Clock.

Ordered, That (bine of the Commissioners of the Excise do attend this House upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Samuel Kent, Esquire, do attend tin's House upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Samuel Palmer, Esquire, do attend this

IV

t:,;

D. 11

If

if

Colony of Cj Charles Turner (according to Order)reported from House upon Monday Morning next

Carolina. O the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Ordered, That Air. Richard Charlton do attend this Bill for establishing an Agreement with Seven of the House upon Monday Morning next.

Lords Proprietors of Carolina, for the Surrender of their Ordered, That Mr. William Stammers do attend this Title and Interest in that Province to his Majesty, was House upon Monday Morning next.

16 The

f:

ICI

'if

359

2 Geo. II. 3* — 50

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Reflating Resolved, That this House will, upon next, at

Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the better qualifying and regulating Attorneys and Solicitors, and Persons practising as such; and nothing to intervene.

tupprtffion Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the

of Piracy, whole House, to whom the Bill for the better suppressing of Piracy, and for giving all Prizes, taken from the Enemy, to the Captors, was committed, be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Lunce> 50 die Maii;

Anno a* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1729.

Prayers.

joDiin's,&c. \ N ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Nat TV for naturalizing John and Isaac Pane hand,

was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Sandys, Mr. LowlkerSir Rowland Mr. Or/f-bar, Mr. Baker, Sir John Mr. Btereton, Sir Geo. Saunders, Mr. Gould, Sir Henry Hoghton, Sir Roger . Bradshaigh, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Campbell, Mr. , Mr. Banks, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sit John , Sir Abraham Elton, Mr. Will, Mr. Mr. Chol-mondley, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Metcalfe, Mr. Hacks, Mr. Lawson, Mr. Winning ton, Mr. Hughes, Mr. Brooks-

bank, Sir Robert Aujlin, Mr. Holland, Mr. 'Towers, Mr.

Hales, Mr. Page, Sir Thomas Lowther, Lord Limerick, Mr. Dunbar, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Crojfe: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Carter's Mr. Vyner reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of Carter, Esquire, in the

Counties of Denbigh, Flint, and Carnarvon, and to settle other Manors and Lands in the County of Lincoln, of greater Value, to the same Uses, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true j and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's 1 able.

Pnniiment Mr. Gybbon (according to Order) reported from the «f Forgery, Committee of the whole House, to whom the ingrossed &c* Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing, and further Punishment, of Forgery, Perjury, and Subornation of Perjury, and to make it Felony to steal Bonds, Notes, or other Securities, for Payment of Money, was committed, the Amendments, the Committee had made to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the said Amendments were read, and are as follows j

Press 1. L. 13. After " counterfeit" insert " or " cause."

L. 25. After " any" insert " Acquittance '* or Leave out " of," and insert " for."

L. 27. After " false" leave out " or."

L. 28. After forged" insert " or counter-

feited. '

L. 32. After "Money" insert " Acquittance or In the same Line leave out " of," and insert " for."

L. 34. After " be" insert " false."

Yol. SI.

Maii.

L. 35. Leave out " that."

L. 38. Leave out from Clergy" to the

Word and, " in Press 2. L. 4

Press 2. L. 11. Leave out " for," and insert "of."

L. si. Leave out " so."

L. 22, 23. Leave out "as the Order shall " require," and insert " accordingly."

L. 23, 24. Leave Out what shall be contained in such Judgment,"arid insert " such Punishment, as shall be adjudged to be inflicted on such " Person."

L. 24; Leave out " as they," and after " now" insert " in being."

L. 25. Leave out " (land."

L 29. After "transported" insert "shall."

L. 30. After "Transportation" insert " before the Expiration of the Time, for which he shall " be ordered to be transported, as aforesaid."

L. 39. After " other" insert " Person or

Persons."

Press 3. L. 1. Leave out " or Notesahd, in the same Line, after " India Bonds" inferr " Dividend " Warrants of the Rank, South Sea Company, East India " Company, or any other Company, Society, or Corporation."

L. 3. After " Bonds" insert " Warrants."

L. 5. Leave out "another " and insert " any " other Person or Persons, or of any Corporation.

L. 6. After " Particulars" insert " are."

L. 9. Leave out "capable," and insert "with:"

Leave out " uncapable of," and insert " without."

L. 13. After " Bonds" insert " Warrants,

*' Debentures."

L. 14. After " Notes" insert " or secured " thereby, and remaining unsatisried."

L. 15. After " he" insert " or she."

L. 16. After " he" insert " or she."

L. 18. After " Bills" insert "Warrants,

Debentures In the same Line, after " respectively," insert " or secured thereby, and remaining unsatisfiea."

L. 19. Leave out " heretofore," and insert " in anywise."

At the End of the Bill add Clauses A, and B; which are as follows:

A. " Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that no Attainder for any " Offence, hereby made Felony, shall make or work " any Corruption of Blood, Loss of Dower, or Diflierison of Heirs."

B. " And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid,

" that this A«5t shall continue and be of Force for the " Space of Five Years, to be reckoned from the said " Twenty-ninth Day of June, in the Year of our Lord " One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-nine, and " from thence to the End of the then next Session of " Parliament, and no longer."

The said Amendments, being fevefally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

And a Clause being offered, to be made Part of the Bill, for preventing a Failure of Justice in some Cafes of Murder;

The same was twice read, and was withdrawn by Leave of the House,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Trial of the Trial of Murders, where either the Stroke, or Death, Murakn. only, happens within that Part of Great Britain called England} and that Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Gybbon, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for settling the Price of Com and Settling Price Grain imported, and for ascertaining the Quantity of of Corn im-Corn exported, was read the Third time. ported, &c.

Resolved, That the Bill do pais; and that the Title be.

An Act to afeestain the Custom payable for Corn and

Grain

% 6o

6° Maii.

A. 1729.

Grain imported, for better ascertaining the Price, a®$l allowed by the A Cl 20 IVillielmi et for encou-

Quantity, of Corn and Grain, for which a Bounty is pay- raging the distilling of Brandy, and Spirits, from Corn, able upon Exportation; for appropriating the Supplies, and to exempt the same from the Duties, granted by granted in this Session of Parliament; and for giving further Time to the Clerks and Apprentices to pay Duties, omitted to be paid for their Indentures and Contracts.

Ordered That Sir Charles Turner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Privilege. A Complaint being made to the House, that Mr.

this Act.

And the said Clause was- once read.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That it should not extend to rich cordial Waters, viz. Citron

Daniel Brown, of Hendon, in the County of Middlesex, Water, and others named, so as they be not fold under

Attorney at Law, hath in a forcible Manner entered upon a Price, to be set in the Clause.

Supply Bill; Duty on compound Waters.

Part of the Possessions of William Rawlinson Earle, Esquire, a Member of this House, at Hendon aforesaid, and committed Spoil there, in Breach of the Privilege of this ]House;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Matter of the said Complaint, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Sir Charles Turner (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill

And the Question being put. That the said Clause be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Then other Amendments were made by the House to the Body of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Gyhhon preferred to the House (according to Order) a Bill for the Trial of Murders, in Cafes, where either the Stroke, or Death, only, happens within that

Trial of Murdm.

for laying a Duty upon compound Waters, or Spirits, Part of Great Britain called England; and the same was

commonly called Gin, was committed, the Amendments, the Committee had made to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the fapie in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table j where the feme were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put

received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to impower his Majesty to visit the collegiate

Manchester

Collegiate

Church.

thereupon, with an Amendment to one of them, agreed Church of during such Time as the War

unto by the House.

And the House being informed, that some of the Commissioners of the Excise attended at the Door, according to Order;

They were called in, and examined at the Bar; as were also some of their Officers:

And being withdrawn;

A CJaufp was offered, to be added to the Bill, That it should not extend to Medicines, in making up whereof, within the weekly Bills of Mortality. Brandy, or other simple Spirits, are made use of.

And the feme

denship of the f. id Church is or shall be held in ? mendam with the Bishoprick of Chester.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- Regulating ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole the Nightly House, upon the Bill for appointing a better nightly Watch, &e. Watch, and regulating the Beadles, in England, and for the better enlightening the Streets, and publick Passages,

was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up.

And a Motion being made, and the Question put, That the said Clause be made Part of the Bill;

It Defied in the Negative.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That it should not extend to British Brandies, or Spirits drawn from Molasses. Malt, or Corn, meliorated, or rectified, with the Rape of Grapes, according to the Invention of William Stammers, of Radcliffe, Distiller.

And the said Clause was once read, and was withdrawn by Leave of the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, To exempt British Brandy, or Spirits, where the Ingredients for rectifying do not alter the feme into mixed or compound Waters.

And the said Clause being once read;

Ordered, That the Elections be adjourned.

Committee of Privileges and Committee

of Privilege*

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 6° die Maii;

Anno 2° Georgii II" Regis, 1729.

Prayers.

THE Lord Limerick reported from the Committee, Lady Grey to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, inti- &c!ei»ic. tuled. An Act for Sale of Two undivided Fourth Parts of the Manor and Lands of and in Steame, in the County of Northampton, the Inheritance of the Right honourable

The Commissioners and Officers of Excise, attending, the Lady Mary Gray, and Jemima Campbell, and for

were again called in, and examined at the Bar in relation to the Subject-matter of the said Clause:

And being withdrawn;

The feid Clause was read a Second time, and was amended.

And a Motion being made, and the Question put. That the said Clause be made Part of the Bill;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the

v CMr. Bootle, Yeas*lMr. Hughes:

Tellers for (hr Noesjf'Ihch'

1

8l.

20. ‘

laying out the Money, arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of an intire Estate, to be settled to the same Uses, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Contents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

The feid Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Lord Limerick do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Tame, without any Amendment.

k

ft

k

" 1st}

R:

t'cj

tcri

'fa

Mr. Campbell:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, To Cave

the P&wbfick of Three Pence per Gallon upon Brandies, 0 ----- --- , w

or Spirits, drawn from malted Corn, upon Exportation, Seven of the Lords Proprietors of Carolina, for the Surrender

An ingrossed Bill for establishing an Agreement with

Colovy

2 Geo. II.

6° — 7° Maii.

c

t

a

r

5> ' t

e. 1;

a '*

r*

b

n.

o: , od r'

07

r*

V-

!) i1

;ir

w1

s:!> i

render of their Title and interest in that Province to his Majesty, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill dopafs; and that the Title be, An Act for establishing an Agreement with Seven of the Lords Proprietors of Carolifor the Surrender of their Title and Interest in that Province to his Majesty.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Turner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A MeflTage from the Lords*, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Thomas Bennett:

Mr. Speaker,

Medway The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Oyster for regulating, well ordering, and improving, the Oyster filbery. finery in the River Medwaand Waters thereof, under

the Authority of the Mayor and Citizens of the City of Rochester, in the County of without any Amendment:

Prevention of And also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, priberyat An Act ferr the more effectual preventing Bribery and EUfiioui. Corruption in the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, with fbme Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew*.

Com The House being informed that Mr. Oxenford, from imported, the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, An Account of the Quantities of the several Sorts ot Corn importer!, from 1727, to Christmas 1728, with an Account of the Soits, and Quantities of Corn expoited, and from what Places, during the tame Time.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perilled by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

fyrva‘ion An ingrossed Bill for betterPreservation of his Majesty's of Woodi in Woods in America, and for Encouragement of the I in America, fee. porfation of naval Stores from thence, and toencourige the Importation of Malls, Yards, and Bowsprits, from that Part of Great Britain called , was read the

Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act for better Preservation of his Majesty's Woods in America, and for Encouragement of the Importation

of naval Stores from thence, and to encourage the Importation of Malls, Yards, and Bowsprits, from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Ordered, That Mr. Dod:nr ton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Trial <rf A Bill for the Trial of Murders, in Cafes, where either Murdcrr. the Stroke, or Death, only, happens within that Part of Great Britain called England was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, To-rriorrow Morning, tefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Prevention of Ordered, That the Amendments made by the Lords Bnbcry at to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more effectual pre-Mimis venting Bribery and Corruption in the Elections of Members to lerve in Parliament, be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Segohwinjr An ingrossed Bill for the better Regulation and Go-MeriTianti vdrnment of Seamen in the Merchants Service, was road Scimen' the Third time.

Ah ingossed Proviso was offered to be added to the Bill, That it shall not extend to debar Seamen, belonging to Merchant Ships, from entering into his Majesty's Service, and to save the Wages due in the Merchants Service* Vol. 21.

And the said Proviso was thrice reftd, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals; and that the Title be.

An Act for the better Regulation and Government of Seamen in the Merchants Service.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Barnard do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Regulating Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ation.iesand the Bill for the better qualifying and regulating Attorneys 0 lCltors* and Solicitors, and Persons practising as such.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Wm. Strickland took the Chair of the Committee:

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Strickland reported from the Committee^ that they had made a further Progrefi in the Bill, and that the Committee had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itlelfinto a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill; and nothing to intervene.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself irito a importation Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the of wrought better employing the Poor, and encouraging the Manu- s'*t‘* fastures of this Kingdom, by preventing the clandestin'e Importation of wrought Silks, or Silks mixed with Gold,

Silver, or other Materials.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Act ley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Aftley reported from the Committee, that (Hey had made forue Progress in the Bill, and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Rtjolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Mofning next, reloive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill:

The other Orders of the Day being read j

Ordered, That tire Report from the Committee of the Suppression whole House, to whom the Bill for the better suppressing °* Pirac-V. of Piracy, and for giving all Prizes, taken from the Enemy, to the Captors, is committed, be taken into Consideration upon Thursday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Manchester resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Coilerwe the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to impower his Majesty to visit the collegiate Church of Manchester, during such time as the Wardenship of the said Church is or Hull be held in Commendam with the:

Bishoprick of Chester.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 70 die Maii;

Anno 20 Georgii IIJi Regis, 1729.

Prayers.

MR. JeniJon reported from the Committee, to whom Elfdon the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An l"ctofurr* Act for dividing and inclosing the Common, called Elf-don Common, in the Parish of Eljdon, in the County of Northumberland, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Contents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment:

And he delivered the Biii in at the Clerk's Table.

4 Y The

3*2

Mail.

A. 1729.

Thurnfcoc

inclosure.

The Yeas go forth:

ersfcr..*r^"^ }

Telle, for 50.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Elde and Mr.

Thurjiott:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Relief of insolvent Debtors, with some Amendments i to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, Wick-n'Bng-An Act for confirming Exchanges, Allotments, Divi- »" Inclosure, fions, and Inclosures, of Lands in the Parish of riffington, in the County of Gloucester, and for establishing the Payment of a yearly Sum to the Rector, and his Successors, in lieu of Tythes, pursuant to Agreements

Relief of infoJvent Debtor*.

Importation of Foreign

The Lid Bi" was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pats.

Ordered, That Mr. Jenifon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Robert Harks reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming the Inclosure and Division of the common Fields, and common Grounds, within the Parish of Thurnfcoe, in the County of York, was committed;

that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

The said Bill was read the Third time,

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Robert Hacks do carry the Bill to between Vincent , Esquire, deceased, and the other the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath Proprietors of the said Lands; with fpme Amendments; agreed to the lame, without any Amendment. ' to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence

of this House i

An ingrossed Bill to revive the Laws therein men- And also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, Offices and tioned, relating to the Importation of foreign Brandy, An Act for indemnifying Persons who have omitted to

Brandy Sec iviauilg IU lUW liupuuauuil Vl UldllUj) M. V jjmvx. vumivu IV

*' C' and other Waters and Spirits; for Importation of Cochi- qualify themselves for Offices or Employments within neal; to continue several Acts, for preventing Frauds in the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time the Customs, for Encouragement of the Silk Manufac- for that Purpose; and for repealing so much of an Act

tures of this Kingdom, for making Copper Ore, of the british Plantations, an enumerated Commodity, and for Yuppressing of Piracy, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals; and that the Title be. An Act to revive the Laws therein mentioned, relating to the Importation of foreign Brandy, and other Waters and Spirits; for Importation of Cochineal j to continue several Acts,' for preventing Frauds in the Customs, for

of Parliament, passed in the First Year of his late Majesty King George the First, as requires Persons to qualify themselves lor Offices or Employments within Three Months, and for limiting other Times for such Qualifications; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

And also, the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An FleetPnYon;

Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures of thisKing- Act to impower his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, i®powenng com, for making Copper Ore, of the British Plantations, during the Life of 'Thomas Esquire, to grant w

an enumerated Commodity; for making perpetual an the Office of Warden of the Prison of the Fleet to such w»rdeufl)ip, Act therein mentioned, for suppressing of Piracy; for Person or Persons as his Majesty shall think fit, and to &c. enabling Persons, prosecuted upon the Capias in relation incapacitate the said Thomas Bambridge to enjoy the said to the running of Goods, to defend in Forma Pauperis-, Office, or any other whatsoever; to which the Lords for more effectual debarring of unlawful Games; for desire the Concurrence of this House.

licensing Retailers of Brandy, and other dtllilled And then the Messengers withdrew.

Liquors; and for better Regulation of Licences for common Inns and Ale-houses.

Ordered That Mr. Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

d

Lymingtoo

Writ.

Ordered That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burge Is, to lerve in this present Parliament for

Ordered, That the Amendments, made by the Lords Relief of to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Relief of inlbl- |"^vtnt vent Debtors, be taken into Confederation Tomorrow Morning.

Debcois.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act p,ni!bment for the more effectual preventing, and further Punish- of Forgery,

the Borough of Lyminpton, in the County of Southampton, ment, of Forgery, Perjury, and Subornation of Perjury,

&c.

JuVisn's.Scc

Nat.

in the room of Anthony Morga Esquire, deceased.

Mr. Phillips reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Jullian. and committed; that the Committee bad examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

The said Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Phillips do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lam.-, without any Amendment.

and to make it Felony to steal Bonds, Notes, or other Securities, for Payment of Money, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Gybbon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, wirh some Amendments; to which Amendments this House doth desire their Lordships Concurrence.

Jsleduu-

Cobb's

Divorce.

A Motion being made, and the Question put, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, relblve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, further of the the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Thomas Cobb wirh Rachel Krebs, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned;

The House divided:

22

The House proceeded (according to Order) to take prevtrmW into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords Briery ai

to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Ekdiions of Members jo lerve in Parliament.

And the said Amendments were read, and are as follow; viz.

Press t. L. 15. After " that" insert " from and " after the 24th Day of June, in the Year of our Lord " 1729."

L. 14. Leave out future."

L. 22. After " Quakers," inlerf, " in case " the same shall be demanded bycither of the Candidates,

" or any Two of the Electors."

L. 32.

a Geo. II.

Mail.

L. 32, 33. Leave out and that I do freely "give my Vote, without Expectation of any Reward " whatsoever."

L. 38. After 44gratis" insert " if demanded, as " aforesaid."

Press 2. L. 11. After " summary" insert " Action."

L. 17. After " demanded" leave out " by " either of the Candidates, or any Two of the Electors," and inlert " as aforesaid."

L. 28. After " Suit" add " and that, if any " Person shall vote or poll at such Election, without

Tellers for the Noe

3 6l

j 88.

f Mr. s' I Mr.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The following Amendments, made by the Lords, as far as to the Amendment, Press 3. L. 11. being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Amendment, Press 3. L. 11. being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to Clause A, Part of the said Amendment, by inserting in the said

" having first taken the Oath, or, if a Quaker, having Clause, after the Word "whatsoever," these Words, and

" made his Affirmation, as aforesaid, if demanded, such " Person shall incur the same Penalty, which the Officer is subject to for the Offence above-mentioned."

Press 3. L. 3. After4* shall" inlert to the bell of my Judgment appear to me to."

L. 4, 5. Leave out " freely, and without any " Expectation of any Gratuity or Reward whatsoever."

L. 7. After made" insert 44 or, in his- or " their Absence, any Three of the Electors."

L. 8. Leave out " which," and insert and

44 such."

L. 11. Leave out from aforesaid" to "and," in the 16th Line of the same Press, and add Clause marked A.

*' that all Judgments, to be given in the Premises, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, 44 shall be final; and no Writ of , Writ of Er-

44 ror, or other Writ, Process, or Appeal, shall lie, or be granted or allowed, to remove, teview, or reverie, the fame."

And the Question being put. That the said Words be there inserted; ,

It passed in the Negative.

Then the said Clause A was read the Third time, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The next Amendment, Prels 3. L. 24. being read a Second time, and Clause B being read the Third time.

A. "And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by " such Votes shall be deemed to be legal, which have the House.

" been (o declared by the last Determination in the House "of Commons; which last Determination concerning any County, Shire, City, Borough, Cinque Port, or " Place, shall be final to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; any Usage to the contrary notwithstanding."

L. 24. Leave out from " Perjury" to and, " in the 37th Line of the 4th Prels, and add Clause, marked B.

B. "And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that no Person, convicted of wilful and corrupt

The llelidue of the said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Sandy sdo carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Regulating Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Attnrniesand the Bill for the better qualifying and regulating Attorneys Solicitor*.

Perjury, or Subornation of Perjury, shall, after such and Solicitors, and Persons practising as such.

44 Conviction, be capable of voting in any Election of " any Member or Members to serve in Parliament."

Press 5. L. 7. Leave out " for," and insert " by and, in that and the 8th Line, leave out " as Agent for "another," and insert "employed by him."

L. 16. Leave out Fifty," and insert " Five hundred."

L. 31. Leave out from dead" to44 and, " in the 25th Line of the 6th Prels.

The said Amendments, as far as to the Amendment in Press 2. L. 11. being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Amendment, made by the I/irds, Press 2. L. it. (alter time;

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Wm. Stritkland took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir IVm. Strickland reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report,-when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To morrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

R, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for appointing a better nightly summary" insert " Action") being read a Second Watch, and regulating the Beadles in , and for the better enlightening the Streets, and publick Pafi'ages,

Regulating the Nightly Watch, & c.

And the Question being put. That the House do agree within the weekly Bills of Mortality, with the Lords in the said Amendment;

The House divided: The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas,

91*

89.

I Mr. Vane,

1 Mr. Lifter:

Teller, for the Noe, j ^BrZfiank:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Amendment, Press 2. L. 17. being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Amendment, Press 2. L. 28. being read a Second time;

The Journal of the House, in the Year 1702, as to

Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill then depend- with the Bishoprick of Chester; and nothing

ing, For preventing occasional Conformity, in relation to to intervene.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Trial of Murders, in Cafes where either the Stroke, or Death, only, happens within that Part of Great Britain called England; and nothing to intervene.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to impower his Majesty to visit the collegiate Church of Manchester, during such time as the

Wardenlliip of the said Church is or shall be held in

Trial of Muiders.

Manchester

Collegiate

Church.

pecuniary Penalties, was read.

And the Question being put, that the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment;

The House divided;

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas $ Slf Th°'

1 ellers for the Yeas, Mr

Vol. 21.

98.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec- Committee tions be adjourned. of Privilege*.

And then the House. adjourned till To-morrpw Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Suppfy Bill; Duty on compound Waters.

Westminster

Streets.

Fleet Frlfon; impowering the Crown to grant the Wardenship, dec.

Debtors

Itnpnumoient.

3^4

8° Ma

A, 1729,

" to be charged, in Execution* as aforesaid, in any other " Gaol or Prison."

L. 10. After " his" insert " her or their and, in the same Line, after the 2d " his," insert " her or " their."

L. 11. After " he" leave out " stands," and

AN ingossed Bill for laying a Duty upon compound insert " lhe or they stand."

Waters, or Spirits, commonly called Gin, was read L. I5. After "he" insert "the or they;" and,

in the same Line, after " was" insert " or were."

L. 16. After " his" insert her or their."

L. 17. After "his" insert "her or their."

L. 22. After "his" inlert " her or their."

L. 26. After " he" leave out " stands," and insert " the or they stand."

Press 10, L. 23. After " his" insert " or her."

L. 30. After " he" insert " or die."

Press 11. L. 6. After " his" insert " or her."

L. 7. After "him" insert "or her."

L. 16. After "him" insert "or her."

Press la. L. 4. After "his" insert "or her."

L. 5. After "his" insert "or her."

L. 9. After "his" insert "or her."

L. 10. After "his" insert "or her."

L. 16. After "he" insert "or the."

L. 24. After " he" insert " or file."

Press 13. L. 3. After " his" insert " or her."

L. 5. After "he" insert "or the."

L. 12. After "he" insert "or the."

L. 18. After "he" insert "or the."

L. 23. After "he" insert "or the."

L. 41. Leave out from " Ifi'uc" to " and, " An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act in Press 14. Line 15. to impower his Majesty, his Meirs and Successors, during At the End of the Bill add Clause A. the Life of Thomas Bambridge, Esquire, to grant the A. "And be it further enacted by the Authority afore-Office of Warden of the Prison of the Flet to such Per- " said, that every Sheriff, Under Sheriff, Bailiff, Serjeant son or Persons as his Majesty shall think fit, and to inca- " at Mace, or other Officer or Minister aforesaid, offend-pacitate the said Thomas Bambridge to enjoy the said " ing against this Act, shall (over and above such Penal-Office, or any other whatsoever, was read the First time. " ties or Punishments, as he shall be liable unto by the

fovis, 8* d Mali;

Anno 2* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1729.

Prayers.

N ingossed Bill for laying a Duty upon compound Waters, or Spirits, commonly called Gin, was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, Press 14. L. 5. after " thereof," to insert " within Or.e " Calendar Month next after the Offence is committed."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon,

agreed unto by the House; and the Bill was amended by the Clerk at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals; and that the Title be,

An Act for laying a Duty upon compound Waters, or

Spirits, and for licensing the Retailers thereof.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Turner do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and

Mr. Masham:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for better paving and cleansing the Streets in the City and Liberty of Westminster, and other Places within the Limits of the weekly Bills of Mortality, in the County of Middlesex, without any Amenvlment.

And then the Meficngers withdrew.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be now read a Second time.

The Bill was accordingly read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refo/ved, That this House will. To morrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Wimington reported from the Committee, to

whom the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Relief of Debtors!, with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons, was committed; that the

Laws now in force) for every Offence against this present Act, forfeit and pay to the Party thereby aggrieved,

" the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be recovered, with treble " Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of the Courts at; where-

" in no Efibign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more " than One Imparlance, shall be allowed."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Sir William Strickland (according to Order) reported Rejulatin» from the Committee of the whole House, to whom tire Atmrni«»ni Hill for the better qualifying and regulating Attorneys So'>c'Ur».

Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and Solicitors, and Persons practising as such, was com and found the same to be true; and that the Committee mitted, the Amendments, the Committee had made to had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend- the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the

Alter " no" insert " Sheriff."

ments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the said Amendments were read, and arc as follow; viz.

Press 1. L. 22

L. 32. Leave out " Friend," and insert " Tenant;" and, in the same Line, leave out " Acquaintance," and insert " Relation."

Press 3. L. 13. After " publick" insert " or other."

L. 18. After " publick" insert " or other."

L 28. After " every" insert " Sheriff."

Press 6. L. 18. Leave out " for Debt."

Prds 8. L. 20. Leave out " for Debt."

L. 38. Leave out " for Debt."

Press 9. L. 9. Alter "Pounds," insert "from and after " tire 23th Day of Marth, in the Year of our Lord 1719, " with respect to Prisoners, charged, or to be charged, " in Execution, as aforesaid, in the Prison of the Marshalsea, or County Gaol of Surrey, and from and after " the 29th Day of September, which was in the Year of " our Lord 1728, with respect to Prisoners, charged, or

House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, (as far as to Clause A) and were, upon the Question leve-rally put thereupon, with Amendments to several of them, agreed unto by the House.

Clause A (That Attorneys and Solicitors Clerks shall serve Five Years Clerkship) being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by leaving out the Word " Five," and inlerting, instead thereof, " Seven."

And the Question being put, That the Word " Five" stand Part of the said Clause;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas,j . }

Tellers for the Nocs.j } 0.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative. n

Then

t

2 Geo. XI.

Mail.

3^3

Then the Clause was upon the Question put there* upon, agreed unto by the House.

The Amendments next following, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, as far as to Clause B.

Clause B, impowering the Justices of the Peace, at their Quarter Sessions, to inflict Penalties oh Pedons asking as Attorneys or Solicitors, when not qualified, being read a Second time}

And the Question being put. That the House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Amendment; The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Tellers for «fc "j; ,

Tellers for the Noes* Hr'

40.

21.

'I Mr. Andrews:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The residue of the said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be.added to the Bill, To make it temporary.

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up.

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

" Queen's Majesty are bound by an Act, made in the " Thirtieth Year of the Reign of the said King Charles " the Second, intituled, An Act for the more effectual "preserving the King's Person and Government, by " disabling Papists from fitting in either House of Parliament, to repeat, and subscribe, a like Declaration against Transubstantiation, together with <ome Addi* " tions; and the Declaration only against Transubftantiation being, as to these Persons sufficient: be it " further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, that so " much of the said last mentioned Act, as relates to the " Iworn Servants of the King's or Queen's Majesty, shall " be repealed; and if any such Person hath offended contrary to such Part of the said Act, intended to be hereby repealed, he shall be freed from any Penalties and Incapacities incurred thereby."

At the End of the Title add, " as also for the Repeal " of so much of an Act, passed 30° Carols Ild‘, as relates " to the sworn Servants of the King or Queen's Majesty."

And the First of the said Amendments being read a Second time;

And the House being moved, that the Ninth Section of the Ad, 30* CarolsIIdi, cap. 1. Stat. 2. intituled,

" An Act for the more effectual preiei ving the King's " Person and Government, by disabling Papists from fitting in either House of Parliament," might be read; The Tame was read.

Then the said First Amendment was, upon the

And another Amendment was made by the House to Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Trial of kinder*.

Relief of Insolvent Debtor

the Body of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The other Orders of the Day beinj* read;

Resolved, That this House will, lo-morrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Trial of Murders, in Cafes where either the Stroke, or Death, only, happens within that Part of Great Britain called England.

Ordered, That the Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Relief of insolvent Debtors;- be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vweris, 90 die Mali;

Anno 2" Georgii IP1 Regis, 1729.

Prayers.

Office* and HpHE House proceeded to take into Consideration E»pi«iroeui». I the Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill,

And the other of the said Amendments, being read a Second time, was also, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Knight do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath.agreed to the Amendments, made by their Lord ships.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Tot hill and Mr. Allen:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Sale of for obviating any Doubts or Difficulties, that may arise Scotch from an Act, passed in the First Year of his present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to explain and amend " an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for Sale of such of " the forfeited Estates in that Part of Great Britain called " Scotland, as remain unfold, and are vested in the Crown,

".and for determining such Claims on the said Estates,

" as, having been duly entered, remain undetermined," with one Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Vincent reported from the Committee, to whom the intituled, An Act for indemnifying Persons who have ingrossed Bill from the I^orcls, intituled, An Act to omitted to qualify themselves for Offices or Employments enable James Moore, and his Issue Male, to take the Sur-within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further name of , according to the Will of,

Time for that Purpose; and for repealing so much of an Esquire, deceased, and for vesting in Trustees Two thou* Act of Parliament, passed in the First Year of his late find Three hundred and Sixteen Pounds, Sixteen Shil- Majesty King George the First, as requires Persons to lings, and Ten Pence, South Sea Annuities, Part of the qualify themselves for Offices or Employments within Estate of the said William Smythe, to be sold for the Three Months, and for limiting other Times for such Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; that the

Moore's

Name.

Qualifications.

And the said Amendments were once read, and are as follows; viz.

At the End add a Clause, marked X: Which is as follows:

X. " Whereas all Persons, having Command or Place of " Trull from or under his Majesty, or who are of the Houshold, or in the Service of his Majesty, are bound by an " Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of

Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

The said Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Vincent do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed

the late King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act " for preventing Dangers which may happen from Popish to the fame, without any Amendment.

" Reculants, to make and subscribe a Declaration against "Transubstantiation in the Sacrament of the Lord's . A Petition of the Persons, whose Names are thereunto " Supper; and the sworn Servants of the King's or subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Vot. 21. 4Z Owners

Hijrh Pi ice of Coal».

Debtors

Jtaipi'ifounica:.

Government of Gibraltar.

Manchester

Collegiate

Church.

TrLl of Mttrilus.

Fleet Fnfon;

impowering

the Crown to

grantihc

Wardenflnp,

kc.

3 66 90 — 10° 1729.

Owners of Ships, employed in the Coal Trade, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of great Oppressions, and the Lois of their Trade, occasioned by Combinations of the Coal-buyers at London, since their Incorporation: And alleging, that the Regulation, which the Petitioners have entered into, for dispofingj of their Coals in Order, as their Ships arrive, is only to protest them Lives from the Impositions of the Lightermen, and to enable the Petitioners to trade without Loss, and not to raise the Price of Coals; and that, if they are not allowed to employ Agents, or Factors, to dispose of their Coals, they cannot carry on their Trade: And praying the Consideration of the House, and such Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report from the Committee, appointed to enquire and examine, if any, and what Combinations have been entered into, to enhance the Price of Coals, be received.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An A<£V for the Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons, was read the Third time.

Refolded, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do

pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Wimington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with Ionic Amendments; to which Amendments this House doth desire their Lordiliips Concurrence.

Refilled, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, to return him the humble Thanks of this House for the Directions he has been pleased to give, in, order to the settling a civil Government at and humbly to desire his Majesty, that he will he graciously pleased to continue his Care and Endeavours to accomplish the fame, as soon as the Nature and Circumstances of it will admit thereof.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

The House (according to Order) refo'ved ilself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrotfed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to impower his Majesty to visit the collegiate Church of Mane heft er, during such time as the Wardenship of the said Church is or (half be held in Commendam with the Bishoprick of Chester.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Brereton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed-the Chair.

Mr. Bv ere ton reported from the Committee, that the Committee haft gone through the Bill; and baddlrested him to report, the same to the House, without any Amendment.: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

The House (according to Order)-resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Trial of Murders, in Cafes, where either the Stroke, or Death, only, happens within that Part of Great Britain called England.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gybbon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gybbon reported from the Committee, that they had gone t. a rough the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had dire died him to report, when the House will pi case to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, AaAftMO impower-hw 5

Majesty, his Heirs, and Successors, during the Life of Thomas Bambridge, Esquire, to grant the Office of Warden of the Prison of the Fleet to such Person or Persons, as his Majesty shall think fit, and to incapacitate the said Thomas Bambridge to enjoy the said Office, or any other whatsoever:

Rofolved, That this House will. Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill, and nothing to intervene.

A Petition of the said Thomas , a Priinner in Fleet Prison;

Newgate, was presented to the House, and read; fitting impewern* forth, that the Petitioner, to his great Surprize, hath been ,hr*r|jWDt0 informed, there is a Bill now depending in this House WwdeclLip, against him, which hath passed the House of Lords, for tic. the same Offences, for which another Bill is now there depending; in winch Bill, now before this House, there are several severe Penalties, and disabling Clauses, which, he hopes, are not warranted by any thing, that hath hitherto been objected against him, and to which he hath, as yet, made no Defence, having had no Notice of the said Bill, while the same was depending in the House of Lords: And praying, that he may have a Copy of the said Bill; and that lie may be heard by himself, and Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to impower his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, during the Life of (Thomas Bambridge, Esquire, to grant the Office of Warden of the Prison of the Fleet to such Person or Persons, as his Majesty shall think fit, and to incapacitate the said Thomas Bambridge to enjoy the said Office, or any other whatsoever, 16 committed and that the Petitioner be heard before the said Committee, by himself, and Counsel, against the said Bill, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That the said Thomas be brought up, to attend the said Committee of the whole Hou fa Tomorrow Morning; and that Mr. Speaker do iffiuq his Warrant accordingly.

Ordered, That the said Thomas Bam bridge- have a Copy of the said- Bill.

Ordered, That- the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, do acquaint the said Thomas Bambridge with ther said Orders*.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sahbati, I Oq die Maii J

Anno 2* Georgii II41 Regis, 1729.

P R A.Y £!t S.

AN ingrossed Bill for the better qualifying and re- Rep.uUrinjr gulating Attorneys and Solicitors, and Persons practising as such, was read the Third time.

The following Amendments were severally proposed; to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press 1. L. 1. Leave out " regulating," and insert " Regulation."

Press 2. L. to Leave out " in open Court."'

Press 3. L. 40. Leave out in open Court."

Press 5. L. 30. Af ter " Person" insert " who Avail " not before the said First Day of December have been " sworn, admitted, and inrolled, pursuant to the Directions of this Act."

Press 10. I,. 26. After " no" leave out sworn;" and after " or" leave out " sworn."

L. 28. After " Time" insert "who shall become bound by Contraft in Writing, as aforesaid,

" after the said First Day of July, to serve him as Clerks."

Press 14. L. 15. A'ter " Execution" insert " or,

" feme Label annexed to such Writ or Process."

L. 19. After " Attorney"' inlert " Clerk,

" in Court, or Solisitor."

2 Geo. II. io* — 12° Maii.

L. 43. After " Attorney" infer! " Clerk in " Court or Solicitor."

L. 25. After" Action" Inlert " or Suit."

Press 7 5. L. 18. After " Courts" inlert " in which the " Business, contained in such Bill, or the grtafcft Pitrt " thereof, in Amount, or Value, shall have been trans-" acted."

Press 16. L. 33, 34, 35, 36. After" Courts" leave out '* in which the Business, contained in such Bill, or the " greatest Part thereof, in Amount, or Value,/ha)J have M been transacted."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill was amended by the Clerk at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That ttys Bill do pass; and that the Title be.

An Act for the better Regulation of Attorneys and Solicitors.

Ordered, That Sir William Strickland do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Trial of Mr. Gybbon (according to Order) reported from the ^ludas. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Trial of Murder, in Cafeswherccither the Stroke, or Death, only, happens within that Part of Great Britain called England, was committed, the Amendments, the Committee had made to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, fate ingrossed.

Cobb'i A Petition of Rachel, the Wife of Thomas Cobb, was Divorce, presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that*, during the Petitioner's Separation from her laid Husband, being in low Circumstances, (lie was necessitated to contrail several Debts, amounting near to ,£.8o. and by the Bill, now depending in this House, for dissolving the Petitioner's Marriage with the said Thomas Cobb, no Provision is made for Payment of the Petitioner's Debts, or for her future Support, ah hough it hath been fully proved before the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed, that the said Thomas Cobb is to be married to the Widow Cluer, with whom he is actually in Partnership, and whole Business is worth at least £. 500. per dunum i lb that if the said Bill should pass into a Law, without some Provision for the Petitioner, she may be burthensome to her Parish, or be imprisoned for her laid Debts, where (he mud inevitably perish for Want: And "praying, that a Clause or Clauses may be inserted in the said Bill, for satistying the Petitioner's said Debts, and for making some Provision for her future Support, as to the House shall seem reasonab'e.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Thomas C»bb % with Rachel Krebs, and to enable hint to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, is committed.

Ordered, That it be an lnllruftion to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause or j Clauses, purloant to the Prayer of the said Petition.

I A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Thomas Bennett

I and Mr. Burroughs.

I Mr. Speaker,

BjflMsg The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making more effectual several Acts passed, relating to Fatttoen, Watermen, Wherrymen, and Lightermen, rowing on the f River of Thames, and for better ordering and governing I I such Watermen, Wherrymen, and Lightermen, without

I > any Amendment: t lapping A*nd also, the Lords have agreedtb the Bill, intituled,

ru"* vdL.n. v 1

An Act for making the Hamlet of trapping. Stepney, in the Parish of St. Dunstan Stebunheath, alias ,the County of Middlesex, adiltinct Parish, and for providing a Maintenance for the Minister of the new Church there, without any Amendment:

And allb, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, £!ony of An Act for establishing an Agreement with Seven of the *ro ua‘ Lords Proprietors of Carolina, for the Surrender of their Title and Interest in that Province to his Majesty, without any Amendment:

And also, the Lords have agreed to the Amendments, Pnoilhroenf made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the of Forgery, more effectual preventing, and further Punishment of &c* Forgery, Perjury, and Subornation of Perjjry, and to make it Felony to (teal Bonds, Notes, or other Securities, for Payment of Money.

And then the xVIeflcngers withdrew.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Fleet Prison; Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill ,jnpow«'inS from the Lords, intituled, An Act to impower his grant 1 he" l° Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, during the Life of Wardenship, Thomas Bambridge, Esquire, to grant the Office of Warden &c-of the Prison of the Fleet to such Person or Persons, as his Majesty shall think lit, and to incapacitate the said Thomas Bambridge to enjoy the said Office, or any other whatsoever.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hughes took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hughes reported from the Committee, that the Committee had heard Mr. Bambridge, and his Counsel, against the said Bill; and had gone through the Bill, and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the BUT in at the Clerk's Table.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Cobb'* Committee of the whole House, to consider further of *verce* the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Thomas Cobb with Rachael Krebs, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conduit took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conduit reported from the Committee, that the Committee had heard Counsel and Evidence for and against the Bill and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Lunce, 12* die M;

Anno 2* Georgii Iiai Regis, 1749.

Pray ers.

ANj ingrossed Bill for the Trial of Murdefs, in Cafes Trial of where either the Stroke, or Death, only, happens 1Iurdw*. within that Part of Great Britain called Engwas read

the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pats; and that the Title be,

An Act for the Trial of Murders, in Cafes where either the Stroke, or Death, only; happens within-that Part of Great Britain called England.

Ordered, That Mr. Gybbon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. ClutterbuckReported from the Committee'to whom Graham'*

the ingrossed Bill from' the Lords, intituled, An Act to £fiaCe-enable William Graham, Sdn of John Graham, late Alderman of Drogheda, in the Kingdom ds^ Ireland; to make

*\ Leases

368

12* Mail.

A. 1729.

RWler't

Efatc.

High Price of Coals.

JL^ases of several Parts of his Estates in the Counties of Lowth and Meath, and in the County of the Town of Drogheda, for the better Improvement thereof, was committed; that the Committee had examined, and found, that the standing Orders of the House, concerning Notices to be given in Ireland, before any private Bill, relating to Estates there, be brought in, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had cl 1 rested him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

The said Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Clutterbuck do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Colonel Berkeley reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Kinard De la Bere, Esquire, Committee of the Estate of Thomas Ridler, Esquire, a Lunatick, to sell and dispose of Part of the personal Estate of the said Lunatick, for the Payment of his Debts, was committed j that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found theftme to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

- The said Bill was read the Third time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Colonel Berkeley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Petition of several Brewers, Dyers, and other Con-fiimers of Coals within the City of London, and Suburbs thereof, was presented to t he House, and read; complaining of the extraordinary Price, which they are obliged to all such reasonable Costs, Charges, and Expences, as give for Coals, occasioned by Combinations enteral into, " they shall or may respectively be put to in and about and now carrying on, to the great Detriment of all Con- " the Execution of the said Trust; any thing herein fumers of Coals: And praying the Consideration of the *' contained to the contrary notwit h {landing."

House, and such Relief, as *0 the House shall seem meet. The said Amendments, being severally read a Second

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, until the Report from the Committee, appointed to enquire agreed unto by the House.

and examine, if any, and what Combinations have been Ordered, That Colonel Berkeley do carry the Bill to the entered into, to enhance the Price of Coals, be received. Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed

L. 7. Leave out " Thomas ."

Press 7. L. 4. After " Heirs" insert " Executors, Administrators."

L. 22. After " Successors" insert " Execu* " tors, Administrators."

L. 35. After " Successors" insert " Executors, Administrators."

Press 8. L. 8. After " Heirs" insert " Executors, Administrators."

Press 9. L 7. After " said" insert " Joseph Girdler, " and Roger Ac her ley, his Trustee, their Heirs, Execu* " tors, Administrators, and Assigns, respectively, arid " the Equity of Redemption thereof to the said."

Pr. 16. L. 3". After " Proprietors" insert " of the " Equity of Redemption."

Pr. 18. L. to After " and" insert " the like Sum." Pr. 19. L. 25. Leave out from " Parish" to " and " whereas," in the 39th Line of the same Press.

Pr. 20. L. 18. Leave out " this Summer," and, in* stead thereof, insert " before the 30th Day of,

" W-"

Pr. 22. L. 19. After " made" insert the Clause, marked A: Which is as follows;

A. " Provided a'.lo, that the said Bertram " ham. Sir IVm. OJbaldeJion, and Humphry Ambler, or any " of them, or the Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, " of any of them, shall not be answerable or accountable " for any Money, to be received by virtue of and under " the Trust aforesaid, any otherwise, than each Person " for such Sum or Sums of Money, as he or they shall " respectively and actually receive; and shall not in " anywise be answerable for, or chargeable with, the Acts, Deeds, Neglects, or Defaults of each other; but " only each for himself, and his own Deeds, Neg'efts, or " Defaults; and that it shall and maybe lawful to and for " the said Bertram Ashburnham, Sir Ojbaldefm,

" and Humphry Ambler, their Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, and every of them respectively, by and out of the said Equity of Redemption, and the Money, " to be raised and received out or, or for, or upon Account of, the fame, to deduct and reimburse themselves

Wlck-rifling- The House proceeded to take into Consideration the tonlnclosure. Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming Exchanges, Allotments, Divi* fions, and Inclosures of Lands in the Parish of Wick

to the Amendments, made by their Lordships.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to diflolvc the Marriage of Thomas Cobb with Rachel , and to enable him to marry again, and for other riffington, in the County of Gloucjler, and for establishing Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third time, the Payment of a yearly sum to the Rector, and his Sue- That the Bill do pass.

ceflors, in lieu of Tythes, pursuant to Agreements be- Ordered, That Sir James Campbell do carry the Bill to tween Vincent Oakley, Esquire, deceased, and the other the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath Proprietors of the said Lands. agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

And the said Amendments were read, and are as follows; viz. Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Pri-

Press a. L. 15. After " Lands" insert " except the vileges and Elections, touching their Examination and " said Anne Hope and Thomas Minchin." Enquiry, whether the several Petitions, to them referred,

L. 24. After " Lands" insert " except the relating to the Election and Return for the District of

said Anne Hope and Thomas Minchin." Boroughs of Dumbarton, Renfrevo, and Rut her-

L. 29. Leave out the first " said." glen, are the fame, in Substance, with those presented lad

L. 30. Leave out " said." Session, and signed by the same Persons, and touching

L. 42. Leave out " Bertram Ashburnham, the Manner of obtaining and signing the said Petitions, " Sir William OJbaldeJion, and Humphry Ambler, have be received Tomorrow Morning.

" agreed," and instead thereof, insert " Vincent Oakley,

" since deceased, did agree." The House took into Consideration the Amendment,

Press 3. L. 20. After " thereof" insert "except the made by the Lords to the: Bill, intituled, An Act for ob-said Anne Hope and Thomas Minchin."

Mi:

1 I

1 A

4

I ft

1 'i

‘C

I'D i m t

t

c!o

"l

«ii

‘.r

"in

(0 'll

i ‘it

‘0 ' "i

T

spc>:

0

at'

r

A

ii

Jl:

3k

T.'.

A

b

Cobb'.

Divorce.; I

‘ h Ca fe h k

to

Dumbarton, I &c. Eliftion.

Hr

Press 5. L. 21. After " Yard Forty-two Sheep Commons." Press 6. L. 5. Leave out " Anne

viating any Doubts or Difficulties, that may arise from an Lands" insert " and Act, passed in the First Year of his present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed " in the Thirteenth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, in-

" utuled,

Salt of . Scotch for*; feitedEftaicij

k\

tad

M

In

Jl

2 Geo. II.

i 2° A&//;

0?

« citnlccly An Act for Safe of fii'Ch of the forfeited Estates that they have conformed to the find Agreement: That, " in that Part of Great Briiaid called Scotland, as remain if Ships went to Newcastle without a Certificate, he has unfold, and are vested in the Crown, and fdr dett'r- heard, they have been denied by the Fitters to hate any " mining such Claims oil the said Estates, as,- having more Coals,- till such time as they had one: That he has " been duly entered, remain undetermined." ieeit so'm£ of the Certificates,' bat never fa any delivered

And the said Amendment was read; and is ds follows: at the Office i

That Matters of Ships Would hot unload out of Turn; marked X: flrilefi they had 6 i. or iid. per Chaldron more, thdn the

Ship iri Tarn had, Whereby Goals were raised to 23 j. at which time the Mailers seemed to be fdtisfied; bat irf of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Fir fly a Day's time they have been advanced 6 d. per Chaldron: " intituled, an Act for enlarging the ' Time to determine That he has bought Coals, and in Three Hours time " Claims on the forfeited Estates, the Court of Delegates, they have been advanced One Shilling per Chaldron: therein mentioned, were impowered in such Cases, as That Coals have been raised to 25 s. and those in Warethey thought fit, to temit the Cause to the said Corn- houses (o per Chaldron: That hi , Coals

missioners and Trustees; with such Iriftructions, as they hive been sold at iSs. per Chaldron'; arid has knoWa " should think proper: And Whereas the Powers of the Ships lie Nine Weeks, before they were unloaded:

" said Commissioners and Trustees being determined, it That about the 27th January last he went from " may remain a Doubt, how the said Court of Delegates, to Hull, where he met with one Mr. Joseph , who " now established, ought to proceed in such Cases, as asked him; if he had herfrd of the Agreement between

we.

At the End of the Bill add Clause,

Which Clause is as follows;

X. " And whereas by arf Act, made in the Fifth Yeas

" the former Court at Delegates might have remitted, " to be further heard, and determined, by the said Com-u missioners and Trustees: Be it hereby enacted and " declared, that in all and every Cafe, in which the said

Mr. Wdrd, Mr. Hurjlori, and the Coal-owners, and Fitters, That no Coals should be delivered on board any Ship till the Third of March:

That he was told by Mr. Ward, about the 9th or

" former Court of Delegates rhight by the Law, as it February, at Whiiby, that it was agreed at and

" then flood, have rcmitted the further hearing of the Sunderland, not to put any Coals on board till the Third Oause to the said Commissioners rind Trustees, it shall of MarchAnd several Matters have told him the fariie; " and may be lawful to the Court Of Delegates, now and that there was an Agreement between the Coalconstituted and appointed by his Majesty, to proceed owners and Fitters.

u with the Hearing of the Cause in their own Presence; Being asked; whether he knew of any Coal-owners, or 0 and to do all such Matters and Things, touching thd Fitters, that were in this supposed Agreement; he said, " fame, as the said Commissioners and Trustees lawfully he knew of none, except Two, who were Rndson and

" could have done in pursuance of such Remit; as aforesaid."

The laid Amendment, being read a Second time, was,-upon the Question put thereupon, agreed urito by the House.

Reed, who were both Coal-owners and Fitters, and Two more, Simpson and Atkinson, Who are only Fitters j but he knew of no other Coal-owners:

That the Coal-Owners are largely concerned in Shipping, as well as Coals; but thinks, they get nothing by'

Ordered, That Sir Archibald Grant do carry the Bill to Shipping: Believes; it hris been the Enhance of the Price

Carter*

Etfcue.

of Coals ever since the full Rife of the said Office: That he hai heard, that the Mailers came to a Resolution, rio to unload their Coals under 28 r. per Chaldron:

That he has known a Ship loaded with Coals for Lifboh, without a Certificate; but fttc came for London r That Mr. Nathanael Tout came to one Mr. Crow,

High Price of Coals.

Mr. Alderman Batnard reported from tire Committee, appointed to enquire and examine, if any, and What, Combinations have been entered into, to enhance the Price of

High Price of Coats,

the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment, made by their Lordships.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the Ellate of William Carter, Esquire,

in the Counties of Denbigh, Flint, and Carnarvon, and

to settle other Manors and Lands in the County of Lin*Fitter, and demanded his Loading; Who said, he would coin, of greater Value, to the same Uses, was read the not have him be iri a Hurry, but desired, he might not Third time. be the first, that fitted out after the Agreement, for it

Resolved, That the Bill do pass. Would not look Well:

Ordered, That Mr. Tyner do carry the Bill to the Lords, That they have trolled the Managers 3 d. per Chaldron and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the in their Hands, Which was proposed should be laid by fame, without any Amendment. to' be distributed amongst some of the principal Traders;

if they came into the Agreement: That he answered Mr; , that he could not cotne into any Agreement, to enhance the Price of Coals:

That evei-jr Man has Liberty to bay his own Goals; Coals, the Matter as it appeared to them* which' the dnd that the Lightermen get a good Livdyhood by their Committee had directed him to report to the Horise: Lighterage: Knows no Difference in buying Coals 30 And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards Years ago, and now: That any One may keep Lighters delivered it in at the Clerk's Table j where the same for their own Use, employing Watermen td Work them: was read, and is as follows; viz. That the Lighters are riurhbered; and believes, there

That the Committee, in order to prove the Matter of may be about 800 Lightermen, arid about 300 Cord-the said Complaint, examined the following Wit- buyers, in and about London: Believes, about April, nesses; viz, 1725, he hid 12 per Lighter paid into his Hand; but

Maltus Ryal, Esquire; who said, that after the first it was for carrying on Prosecutions against them, that Fleet of Colliers, which came about February or March, Hole Coals, Oars out of the Lighters: Has heard, 1727-8, Coals were then sold at 2 w. 6 d.and at that there has been Meetings among the Lightermen.

Price, he said, the Mailers were uneasy, and had Reason to Mr. Willyford produced a Letter from Mr, George

complain: That afterwards, one Mr. William Ward told Foster, dated 31st March, 1729, from North Skieldi, the Mailers of Sips, that he would put them in a better deliring him to fend him down a Certificate; Which, the Way to get a Price for their Coals; upon which the Officers at the Tavern told him, was sent: That one Matters came to an Agreement to take Turns; and ac- John Coats loaded Coals for beyond Sea, but came to cordingly two Men were employed to fend up Word, London with them: That the common Report was at what Ships, and what the Matters Names were, that Newcastle, that no Coals should be loaded till the Third passed by Greenhith; and those, that patted by first, took of March: That he went for a Certificate to the Office Turn first; for which Purpose there was an Office kept at the Do; Tavern, but was refused it, because he did not at the Dog Tavern at BiBingfgate, which is kept by pay the id per Chaldron: That the Ship, that comes by Mr. William Ward, and others, who receive One Peny per Greenhith, first, goes to Work first; and the Ships, that Chaldron, for which they receive a Certificate, to justtly, unload out of Turn, are not allowed any Certificate; Vol. 21. 5 A neither

Price

Coals.

370 ii6 Mail A, 1719.

neither are they allowed to load at Newcastle without one: That he never knew of any other, betides Harmin and Turpin, denied Coals, for want of a Certificate: That all Ships, he is concerned with, keep their Turn: That he has asked several Ships, if they would go to work; but was answered, they were not in Turn: That Ships out of Turn will work, if they would give 6 d. per Chaldron extraordinary: That he

has heard, that there are great Complaints, about the City, of the Badness of Coals, and more now, than formerly.

Mr. Willyford being asked, whether he knew of any Agreement, entered into by the Coal-owners; he an-lwered. No:

That they generally buy Coals unseen, and if they do not prove so good, as expected, they generally abate something; and, if the Coals have proved good, has paid 3 d. perChaldron extraordinary: That, if a Ship in

Turn fells at 27;. the other Ships do the fame: That his Servants, and the Meter, are the Judges of the Goodness of Coals: That he always alks a Matter, what he will have, but never mentions any Price, that he will give; but it is customary to ask, if Coals are dry, and found; and, if they do not answer, then they generally abate 3 d.per Chaldron: That it is usual to pay One-third in Money, some Part into the Custom-house, and the rest give a Note for, payable in Forty Days: That about April, 1725, he was lent down the River by his Father, to fee, if any Ships were at work after Twelve of the Clock: That there were Ships then at work: That they had Orders given them to leave off; and believes, they might do so: That the Lightermen generally meet every first Wednesday in the Month, about One o'Clock,

and every Morning, upon the Keys.

Mr. William Ward said, that he has kept an Office

about Five Years, as an Undertaker, for hiring Labourers to unload Ships: That they had a Book some Part of last Year; but the present Book begins about the Seventh of Mareh.h. % wherein he enters all Ships, belonging to the Coal Trade, that come up the River: That about Twelve Months ago, when Coals were from 20 to 21 6 he

heard several Matters say, that they were under very great Hardttiips, and much reduced; so were obliged to think of Rules, for some Regulation: That 6 or 7 Matters of Ships met, and complained to one an'other of their Hard-ships; and then agreed amongst themselves, that Ships should keep Turn: That they came tohim, and desired him to keep a Register Book for them; which at first he refused, but, at the Request of one Mr. Thomas , was

prevailed upon to keep it; and that he keeps it now: That at the first Beginning Ships took their Turn, as they patted by Greenhith, and do lo now: That about the Be-

ginning of March last, 3 3 Sail of Ships came up the River, and, he being out of the Way Three Hours, half of them fold out at 28 s. per Chaldron: That he endeavoured all

he could to keep down the Price of Coals, the Wind being the contrary Way: That, when Ships are unloaded, the Matters come, and pay one Peny per Chaldron which was for the Trouble, the several Agents would have, in attending the Matters, and being Witnesses to their several Bargains and Agreements with the Lightermen for their Coals, who for want of such Witnesses, have suffered many Hardships, it being customary for the Lightermen, to buy Coals at one Price, «nd pay another; and then he has a Certificate granted, wherein is certified, that he has unloaded and conformed here: That the Use of the Certificate is to convince the Owners of Ships, that the Matters had kept their Turn, and to satisfy the Fitter and Coal-owners, what Quantity of Coals they delivered: That the Coal-buyers and Lightermen are opulent, and a few in Number; who meet, and let what Piice they please on Coals: That they have their monthly, weekly, and daily Meetings, and have come to several Resolutions: That the Lightermen generally buy Coals upon Honour, and then pay the Matters what they please for them: That they pay Part in Money, for the Expence of the Ship, Part in a Note, upon Demand, for the Duty, and the rest in a Note, payable in Forty

*5

Days, for the Stock; never give Notes for Value received, and sometimes not to Order: That the Matters scruple to make any Agreement, without proper Witnesses: There are Six Persons, who belong to the Office, viz. Mallory Peirfon, Esquire, Mr. John Gibson, Mr.' Benjamin Horn, Mr. Joseph Merry man, Mr. James -ston, and Mr. William Ward, who are to fee, that Turns are kept, and to be Witnesses to all Agreements: That the Lightermen had rather never buy Coals, than hav&" Witnesses to any Agreement; That in December last there was a very great number of Ships in the River, and in November Coals were offered at 25 per Chaldron: That it was agreed upon, that he and Mr. John Hurston should go into the North, to consult with the Owners of Ships, not to fend their Ships up: That they called at all the Sea-ports, as they went: Some sent their Ships, and others would not: That several Matters of Ships desired them to endeavour with the Coal-owners at,

not to load any Ships before the 15th of; but

they would not agree thereunto; and the Fitters would not agree to help them in anywise: That he believes, 400,000 Chaldron of Coals per Annum are brought to London: Believes, many Ships never take any Certificates; and has heard, a Ship has been refused Coals, for want thereof; but has known several Ships been loaded without Certificates; That the Matters of Ships have had strict Orders from the Owners, to keep their Turn: That he has granted Certificates to some, who have worked out of Turn: That the first granting of Certificates was about last Michaelmas: That the Ship-owners along the Coast were requested, nr t to let their Ships go to Sea till the 15th of March: That he applied to the Coal-fitters, and to Coal-owners, in the Capacity of Ship-owners, and they agreed, that, if possible, they would influence the Matters, not to go to Sea till the Third of March: That he was instructed to apply to the Coal-owners, not to load any Ships, without they had Certificates from his Office, that they had kept their Turn, according to the Direction of the Ship-owners; but was answered, that they could not come into it, because the principal Coal-owners were at , and he mutt: apply to them: That it is a Method of the Owners of Ships at Yarmouth to keep a Book; and the Matter, when he has fold his Coals, at his Return gives an Account to the Book-keeper, who enters it: That he came to London the Nineteenth Day of , and applied

to several Gentlemen, who vend about Two thirds of the Coals, that are brought to London; who told him, they could not agree to it, for they had writ to their Agents, to load all, that demanded: That there is no Penalty, if any Person fells his Coals without the Consent of others: That there was no Agreement, to enhance the Price of Coals: That he applied to the Coal-owners, not to load without a Certificate; which they would not agree to: Believes, the Matters generally keep the Certificate.

Mr. Ward produced a Book, and a File of Letters; which were read. He said, the Letters were sent him, for the ordering the Matters felling their Coals: And said, the Lightermen keep a Correspondence, by which they know the Scarcity, or Plenty, of Coals at Newcastle, or when there is a great Fleet at Sea, or the Winds contrary, they make use of it, to settle the Price of Coals: Has heard Matters say, they have fold Coals to Lightermen for 24 s.per Chaldron, who fold them again for 40r. per Chaldron: That several Ships came out in February loaded: That several Ship-owners agreed, not to fend any Coals till the Third of March: That several Ships would have been laid up, if this Agreement had not been made; That there is a very great Difference between Lightermen; Some said, that, if the Agreement went on, the whole City would know the Price of Coals, and then they could not live by their Lighterage.

Mr. Thomas Watson laid, that about Fourteen Years ago he fold Coals at 24 s.per Chaldron; and afterwards a Press happened, and the Lightermen fold them again for 40 and 42*. That lit lay Nine Days here; and, about Five Days after he was here, was offered but 22 That

he.

a Geo. II.

r 2° Mali; __ ‘ 3 71

he has been a Masterabout Twenty Years, and nevergot Mr. IVillmott laid, that he went River, to Highftiee

Thirty Shillings per Chaldron: That he has known feve- forbid his Men to work} and federal of the Trade desired of Coal*, ral fell their Coals very dear, when the Masters have been him to tell their Men, not to take in any more Coals, informed, there have not been many Ships at Newcastle: till they had further Orders: The Lighters take Turns;

That about the i 2th of February was Twelve Months and he, that comes first, loads first: They often load as there were about Eight or Nine loaded Ships, and the many, as they please, and leave offi as they please; and,

Lightermen would give no Price, saying, they came too if the Coals do not rife well, then they abate in the Toon; but persuaded them to go to work, without a Price; Has heard several lay, they would not load any Price: That Mr. fVilly/ord told him, he would give him more Coals, for fear the Price should fall. He further the same Price, he gave others} and gave him but 21 s. 6d. said, that he never knew of any Money being for- and said, he was not able to give more: That about the feited: Believes, the Lightermen might have agreed Twelfth of February was Three Years, Coals were sold at amongst themselves, at a Meeting at a Tavern, not to ajx. and 24 s.per Chaldron: That he has fold Coals at load any more Coals, than what the present Occasion a certain Price, and has had less for them, than agreed required.

for: That in June last he fold Coals at 25 s. 9 d. but was Mr. John of , said, that he was

obliged to give a Note, to allow 3d. per Chaldron an- appointed by the Coal-masters to be their Agent at

other time, Mr. Willyford saying, other People fold them Rochester, along Mr. John Moor: That the Masters,

cheaper: That the Lightermen have given him Notes, being but Four in Number, viz. Mr. Mr.

payable in Forty Days, but not for value received; and Dowfeland, Mr. Harland, and Mr. ordered him

when be has requelled them so to do, has been refused to fee, that Ships took their regular Turns, and Delivery;

the fame: That they pay the Notes, when they please: and that, if they did not, to write to one Mr. Francis

One Richard Oldner gave him a Note, which was not Armorer, Attorney at Newcastle: That he gave to every

paid in Twelve Months: Believes, there is the same one, that unloaded in Turn, a Certificate, for want of

Agreement in the Out-ports, as in London, to pay One which they have been refilled to load again: That about

Peny per Chaldron; and that there has been too many Four Years ago Coals were sold at Rochester for Eighteen,

Coals brought to London at a time: That he has a Ship- Nineteen, and Twenty Shillings per Chaldron, but now load in the River, which has been here about Nine Days: are sold at Two-and-Twenty: Ships of about One Believes, there are about Ten Persons, who buy Two- hundred Tons, when they sold at i8x. have loft about thirds of the Coals, that come to London: Has known a Ten Pounds: That they deserve 20 or 21 x. from Lady-Ship lie Six Weeks, before the Coals have been fold: day, to Michaelmas; and under 10s. cannot get a living That the meaning of a Ship being marked is, that Ihe Price: Believes, the foie Cause of the Dearness of Coals must lie sometime, before lhe can fell her Coals: That is occasioned by the Agreement of Combinations entered about Twelve Years agooneEdward Fox {laid Six Weeks, into, as also there being an Imprels. for asking a larger Price for his Coals, than others fold Mr. John Moor, of Rochester, produced Three Let ten, for, and afterwards was forced to fell at a Loss: Has relating to the Coal Trade; one from Whitby, of the heard, that Ships have been here, and staid for a Price, 13th of another from Scarborough, of the 20th of

when other Ships have been unloaden, though just come the same April, and the other from of 22d of

from Newcastle:That he has been here about Nine Days, the same Month; which were read: That the Agents and no body has asked him the Price of his Coals, by Names are Mr. Francis Armorer, of Newcastle, Mr. Fox, reason People hope, they will be cheaper: That several of Sunderland, and Mr. Boulby, of That Coals

Ships have loft considerably by that Trade; which Trade . have been sold at Rochester, out of Warehouses, at above had like to have been ruined, before the Agreement was Thirty Shillings this last Winter, made for taking Turns: That 2 6s.per Chaldron is a Mr. JoJ'eph Bennet said, that he has known, that there

good living Price, though some Ships get more at 24 s.has been Meetings among the Lightermen, in order to than others at 26 j. Can't maintain the Ship under 23 s.suppress the dealing of Coals, Head-fasts, and Oars; pei' Chaldron: The reason of not having a living Price and each Lighter to pay One Shilling for that Purpose: was, the Lightermen bringing down the Price; and the And he produced a Paper, dated the 31st March, 1723,

Reason of not having so many Apprentices, as for- touching that Matter.

merly, is, because they cannot get a living Price; and Mr. Joseph Goodchild said. That about the Ninth or more able Seamen were bred formerly, than now: That Tenth-of February last he was at Newcastle, and there he, and another Person, unloaded forty Chaldron of heard, that Ships worked in Turn at; and

Coals, and they riling final], he was forced to abate for that Ships would not beloaden, without a Certificate: them. That he had a Letter from one John Simpson, a Fitter,

Mr. Gibson, Coal-factor, said, that he had heard, that that he would load them the first Voyage; but if they in 1725, at a Meeting of the Lightermen, it was agreed, did not bring Certificate the next time, they would not that they would not work off any Coals after Twelve a load them.

Clock (unless they could reduce the Coals to under 24*. That about the 6th of February, 172S, at , Mr.

per Chaldron) and, if they did, were to forfeit ioj. 6 d.Ryal asked Mr. how Affairs went; and he said,

That Mr. Willyford and Mr. fVilmott went down the that they had completed the Affair; which Mr. Goodchild River, to fee, if Ships were at Work after that Time: took to be an Agreement amongst the Fitters, not to That he has heard the Masters say, they soon felt the load any Ships before the Third of March: That Mr.

Effect of the Resolution: Only one Ship worked, and Simpson sent him a Letter, that they had writ to the the Lighterman forfeited his Money: Mr. Bouchand Office, in order to lower the Price of Coals to 24*. or 25 Mr. Graham have not their Money yet, which they de- No Ships loaded the 6th of; but believes, they

posited on that Account. might by the Third of March: Ships cannot get out of

Mr. William Peirfon said, that in April, 1725, he was Whith, but by Spring, Tides: That it is hazardous to at work, and was stopt for Two Days, but does not know come out before the Third of March-, but has heard, on what Account: That, when the Men were at work, one did come out before: That one and a Half per Cent. a Lighterman's Servant went down the River, and told Insurance was paid at that time, but in Summer it is him, they must work no longer, it being about Twelve something cheaper.

a Clock: That he had then fold his Coals at 24 s. and was Mr. Henry. Walker Master, said, that in April, 1725, afterwards obliged to fell them at 23 s.9 d.or 23 s. 6 d. he had a Ship, that was stopt working, and lay some That one Bennet and one Hymore, Lightermen, after they Days: That he had fold his Coals at 24 s. per Chaldron, had unloaded Part of his Ship, would not unload the and afterwards they would give him but 23 6 d. That

rest, unless he would abate in the Price: That he had his Ship never was marked.

fold his whole Cargo at 245. per Chaldron to Two Mr. John Master, said, that he heard Mr.

Persons, and, after having taken Part, they made a full Wilmott say last Monday, That we will break up the stop. Office, or put it down; and then some Ships shall lie in

Vol. 21.

Wg* Prici AfCoil*.

372 iV Mali. A. 1719.

(fie Pool «fll Summer: Tfiit TibomrisSrnahvood was in the better for she Owners: That a Ship ought to hiaki Co fri party, vfrhen the Wdrds were fpbke; and it is a Eight Voyages, and to have 25 s'. per Chaldron, to get common thing for 12 or 15 Lightermen to be at a a living Profit: The cheaper they are, the better for tfW Meeting. Consumers.

Tha't he Has been Matter upwards of Twenty Years , A Member of the House produced a- Letter from and, when he has been added to work, and, if he atked Boston wherein was inclosed a List of Persons Names, the Lightermen iPrice, they would immediately answer, and Places, where Offices are kept: Which; Letter and Wodld he hot work on Honour ? That, when there is a List Were read.

targe Fleet, they durst not atk any Price for them: He Mr. Edmund Blanket i said, that it iS custcrmary to abate has lain 5 or 6 Days, before he could dispose of his Coals, something in the Price of Coals; and the Matters leavi by reason he asked a Price: That in February or March it to the Lightermen, to give them what Price they please,

Was Two Years he asked a Price of 26 s. or 27 S. being provided they Will take their Goals off: That it ij ufutt the Market Price: That Robert Bland, of Shields, got for the Matters to get by their Servants Wages, and 2 6s.or 26 s. 6d.and worked on Honour: That about fomettnfies the Matters get the Owners Ships t6 dispost half a Dozen Ships came up the River at a time, during of: Believes, that the Matters making a great marry Bland's time: Believes, Bland came up with him; and Voyages has been their Ruin of late: That he has beeti tteft his asking a Price waS the Reason bf his not being concerned with others in Shipping, and for Two trf unloaded so soon, as others were: That he has had great Three Yeats last past they have been very great Sufferers: Hardships from the Lightermen, and has lain Three That they fefdom a'fk. the Matters tb set a Price, but Weeks in the River, and a Week in Turn, yet has hot the Matters leave it to them, to do as they please: fold near his Csirgb: That, if he does not fell them at That, if Coals do not prove so good, as profnifed to be,

27 s. 6d. he shall lose £.12. or upwards, Wages being he has often abated in the Price, higher than usual: Has paid £.4. ioj. When formerly Mr. John Kitchchmaii laid, that he was formerly a 6ut 36r. That he had fixed all his Men at 30 s.but Matter bf a Ship; and that it was a common Practice for believes, he shall be obliged to give them 50 s.That he Lightermen to set Ships at Work, without a (king a

has made Seven or Eight Voyages between Lady day Price: That it was a Crime to atk a Price, and that, ind Michaelmas: That he took his last loading in about when Lightermen got Coals info their Lighters, they she middle of March, and that was as soon as he could: would give what Price they pleased for them afterwards;

That he was about a Fortnight in the River before Mi and that, when arty Price was agreed ripon between Turn: That it is customary to take turn at Newcastle, Matter and Lightermen, it has been a common Practice Which has been a Custom time out of mind: When he with the Lightermen to take some Coals, ancf thfeh drop was first Matter, the common Ships built were from Six them, unlessthey will lower the Prite; and that he has'

Score to Twelve Score; and that there were as many been often served so hrimself:

Ships then, as there are now: That the Ships from That in 1718 several Matters had lost their Stocks, Thirteen Score to Eighteeri Score get more Money, than and obliged to lay up their Ships; on which they catrte the smaller Ships get: That they go with less Men than into a Regulation of keeping Turns, which latted Three' usual, yet lose Money: Ships being so large, and Wages Years; and, during that time, Chats were frorti 25 s. td low, they are forced to hire more Men; for a Boy is good 27 s. and not more: That he has been Owner in federal for little to what he was formerly; and yet more Seamen Ships, amounting to £. 1,000. and about Fourteen Years then, than now: That he has Two Men going into the since he had a Ship built; and he loft some Money by Merchants Service, because their Wages are rtot sufficient: *her; and never received One per Cent, from Ten Yeats Twenty Boys in a Winter have come to him, to get them last past, to this Day: That there were Forty-three Sail Matters; arid but TWo came last Winter: That, when of Ships belonging tb , sold by the Matters; and the Three Years Protection was granted, there were five some have been obliged to lay up their Ships, and others hundred Boys came to be hired; but now very few to fell them, by reason of the lowness of the trial Trade: come: That the Anchor and Cables are less, than they That 25 Sail of Ships were sold at Sunderland, and 31 at usually were, because of the Want of Hands, though Scarborough, which was chiefly owing to the small Com-the Ships are much larger: That Whitby is very much pany, who were the Buyers: There are not above 15 or impoverished by the said Trade. 16 considerable Dealers at who have frequent

George Oldner, Lighterman, said, that there is an Office Meetings; and believes, they put a Price on Coals; and, kept at the Dog Tavern, which is to fee; that Ships keep if the Craft was free and opfcn to any, Coals would be their Turn: That they bad abated Six Pence in a Chal- fold much cheaper: Believes, generally 3 or 400 Sail of dron, since she Committee took the same into Considera- Ships might be in the London Trade in a Year; and that tion: He has fold about 25 or 26,000 Chaldron in a Year: a great Number of Ships must have been laid up, if the

That there are too many Lightermen, and Matters of Price had not been better than 21 6 Thatfreknetoa

Ships: That in April), 1725, he heard Lightermen (ay. Ship, wds.hid Up for this Reason; and that a Ship of they would give no more than the Mafket Prite: That abbut 120 Chaldfbn, James Hurftofi Matter, went Eight some have bought Coals in a Puht, and then have set a Voyages in the Year 1726, which waia corrimon Number; Price upon them, and fold them again: That she Matters, but knew not, what was given for Coals at Newcastle; and Lightermen, cateh as cateh can: That, if Coals are That Cedis wtre fold for Six Pence, br Twelve Pence, never fobad, can have hone, till the Ship is unloaded in per Chaldron more at Newcastle for London, than for other her Turn; and often bad Coals are fold Within Six Parts; out of which they could afford to give a Premium. Pence per Chaldron as dear, as the best are: That he has of Three Pence per Chaldron, to the Lightermen: That fold, by forehand Contract, to the Victualling Office, the Lightermen would have Six Pence, or Nine Pence, Coals at 22 s. 9 d.arid sometimes for what they can get: per Clialdron at , as a Premiom; and, if the Coals,

"Matters cannot get a living Price under Twenty-five which are brought to London, don't pay a Prertiium to Shillings per Chaldron in the Summer Months, and the Lightermen, they are blown upon; but, if a Pre-Twenty-eight Shillings per Chaldron in the Winter mium is paid, then those Coals shall go off: He named Months: That Eight Months in the Year will be suffi- Mr. Gilroy and Mr. VeJJey, as Two Agents, who pay the cient to work out the Coals, and Six Months will not be Premium to the Lightermen for Two Collieries: All the sufficient: Coals ought to be dearer by Three Shillings Lightermen receive the Premium thertiselves: He laid, per Chaldron in the Winter, than in the Summer: Coals he had brought Coals to London, and had no Buyers; arid were, a( an Average, about 23 s. 6d. for about Six Years found, the Reason was, not paying the Premium: He last past: Coals fold in the River at 2 I s. 6 d.and 22 s. told the Agent for that Colliery, and took care to pay the (which, he thought, occasioned the Agreement) which Premium: The Coal-owners don't pay the Premium is less by Three Shillings, than the living Price: The willingly, but would fain throw off the Y oke: That for Matters will be forced to lay up their Ships, if they can- Coals, going to any other Ports, they allow in the Price not get a living Pi ice: The less Voyages the Matters make, about 12 d. per Chaldron; and that the Measure is the

"fame,

hi

| k

i Ir:

ns

fci

d

P-

A:

V

t

a Geo. II. 12®

fame, as formerly, at Newcastle; as also at; and

no Difference Coattwile, or lor London: Believes, might Vend worse Goals at London, than at other Ports; and, if Trade was open, no Premium would be given: That considerable Sums have been paid for Premiums, since the Corporation was erected: That they did not pay any Premium, to enhance the Price of Coals at London, but Coals would not go off without; and that he believed,

£. 12,000. per Ann.was paid to Lightermen for Premiums:

That it has been the Custom of paying Premiums for 20 Years last part: Has heard, that the Lightermen were incorporated in the 1 ith and 12th Years of the Reign of King William; and that Premiums were paid from that Time: If Ships delivered in Turn, no Occasion for a Premium; for all Ships might go to work, when they please: That Woodmongers deal in Coals, as well as Wood, and are at Liberty to use their own Lighters: The Matter of a Ship, loaded with Two hundred and Twenty t Chaldron, mutt fell at 27 to get a living Price; but believes 26 s.in the Summer Months, would be sufficient to get a living Profit, with Insurance included; and, when Coals are lotv at Billingsgate, Freights to Norway are low also; and, if high at Billingsgate, then the Freights are so to Norway: That the Coal Trade was so bad, he had rather give £.50. than venture 100. in a Ship for that Trade; but that Ships, using the Mediterranean Trade, get good Profit for the Owners.

Mr. Wm. Dickenson laid, that in his iaft Voyage, which was in April, he fold One hundred Chaldron to James Roberts, junior, and Eighty Chaldron to John;

and Robertsafked him, who he had fold the rest to: He answered, to one Tickner: And he said he was no Lighterman; so, if he had them, he would have none; So he got Tickner to relinquish, and he fold them to others: And, if Housekeepers buy, they are obliged to employ Lightermen.

Mr. James Roberts owned, he told Mr. Dickenson, as aforesaid; and generally bought Mr. Dickenson's. Coals, when he came to London.

John Tickner, Dealer in Coals, and Dickenson, made a Bargain for 80 Chaldron, at 27 6 and Roberts said,

if he had any, he would have none of them: That he generally employs Lightermen; yet they will not buy of any Master, that deals with him: That Mr. Parry and Mr. Beaty suffered by being denied to work with them: That Lightermen receive a Premium of Six Pence per Chaldron, which he can't have, as being no Lighterman: That the Lightermen can fell cheaper, than he, by reason of the Premium: That the best Coals pay Premium, as well as the worst.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, that several Agreements and Combinations have been entered into by the Matters and Owners of Ships, using the Coal Trade from Newcastle upon Tine, and Places thereto adjacent, unto the Port of London, and other Parts of this Kingdom, and also by the Lightermen of the said Port, which said Agreements and Combinations are illegal, and tend to the enhancing the Price of Coals, to the Oppression of the Poor, the Prejudice of several Manufactures, and to the lessening the publick Revenue.

Messagefron Mr. Treasurer acquainted the House, that he had a tire King. Mfcflage from his Majesty to this House, signed by his Majesty: And he presented the same to the House; and it was read by Mr. Speaker, and is as followeth;

GEORGE, R.

His Majesty thinks fit to acquaint this House, that he intends, for divers weighty and important Reasons, speedily to visit his Dominions in and to appoint

hisdeareft Consort the Queen, Regent of this Kingdom, during his Majesty's Abknce.

A Message from tire Lords, by Mr. Justice,

and Mr. Justice Probyn:

Mr. Speaker,

Fegtncvof The Lords have patted a Bill, intituled, An Act toen-the Queen, able her Majesty to be Regent of this Kingdom, during

Vol, 21.

Mail. 573

his Majesty's' Absence, without taking the Oaths; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House;' And then the Messengers withdrew.

The said Bill was read the First time.

ResolvedThat the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be now read a Second time.

The Bill was read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be now read the Third time. The Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill dopafs.

Ordered, That Mr. Treasurer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

The Lord Finch reported to the House, that their Ad* dress, of Friday last, To return his Majesty the humble' Thanks of this House for the Directionshe has been pleated to give, in order to the settling a.civil Government at Gibraltar-, and humbly to desire his Majesty, that he would be graciously pleased to continue his Care and Endeavours to accompliQi the fame, as soon as the Nature and Circumstances of it will admit thereof, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty was pleased to receive the said Address very graciously.

The House (according to Order) took into Confederation the Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors.

And the said Amendmerys were read, and are as follows; viz.

Press 3. L. 38. Leave out " poor."

Press 6. L. 42. After " and" inlert " all the Estate, Right, Title, Interest, and Trust, of such Prisoner, of,' in, and unto."

Press 8. L. 42. Before "and" add Clause marked x: Which Clause is follows; viz.

X. " Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that where any Rent, not exceeding " one Year's Rent, shall be due to any Person or Personsr " from any such Prisoner or Prisoners at the Time of his " or their rcipedlive Discharges, or in respect of any" " Messuage, Lands, or Tenements, then in Lease to ftlch " Prisoner or Prisoners respectively, for Life or Lives, " for Years, at Will, or olberwife, no Goods or Chattels, then lying cr being in or upon the respective Tetie* " ments, so in Lease, or liable to be distrained, shall be' " assigned by the Clerk of the Peace in Manner aforesaid,' " but shall by. such Clerk of the Peace be. transferred to " such Landlord or Landlords, or some Person or Per* " fons intruded for him or them respectively, towards " Satisfaction of the Rent then due, not exceeding dne " Year's Rent, as aforesaid, unless the Person or Persons, " to whom such Alignment shall be made by such Cleric " of the Peace, shall, by Writing under his or their ra " spedlive Hands and Seals before such Assignment, agree " to pay or satisfy to such Landlord or Landlords the " Rent to him or them respectively due, not exceeding " one Year's Rent, as aforesaid, to the Intent that such " Landlord or Landlords may be satisfied the Rent or " Rents to him or them respectively due, before any " Division of the Estate or Effects of such Prisoner or " Prisoners among his other Creditors, in like Manner, as " he or they might be satisfied the Rent to him or them " respectively due, before the Removal of such Goods or Chattels by virtue of an Execution, by Force of the Statute, made in the Eighth Year of her late Majesty's " Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Security of " Rents, and to prevent Frauds committed by Tenants; " any thing herein before contained to the contrary there* " of in any wise notwithstanding. Provided also, and be " it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that nothing in " this Act shall extend, or be construed, to hinder or prevent any Mortgage or Mortgages upon the Estate " of such Prisoner or Prisoners, or any Part thereof, to " take place upon the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, comprised in such Mortgage or Mortgages respectively, nor to prevent any Statute-staple, Statute-

5 B " merchant.

AnfVer to Address.

Relief of lafolvent Debtors.

374

i 2* — 13*

Mail.

' A. 1729,.

Ah ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Fleet Prison} to i:npower his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, during 'te^'8 the Life of Thomas Bambridge, Esquire, to grant the sr»in the °lS Office of Warden of the Prison of the Fleet, to such Person WirdenQup, or Persons, as his Majesty shall think fit, and to incapa- *c* citate the said Thomas Bambridge to enjoy the said Office, or any other whatsoever, was read the Third time.

And Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

And there not being Forty Members present in the House, to proceed in the Business}

Mr. Speaker adjourned the House till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

w merchant, Recognizance, or judgment, acknowledged And the said Amendment was, upon the Question " by, or obtained against, any such Prisoner or Prisoners, put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

" to take place upon the Lands, Tenements, or real The residue of the said Amendments, made by the " Estate, of such Prisoner or Prisoners, and also where any Lords, being severally read a Second time, were, upon Inquisition shall have been taken upon any such Sta- the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the " tute, or Recognizance, or any Writ of Execution shall House.

" have been taken out, and delivered to the Sheriff, or , That Mr. do carry the Bill to the proper Officer, upon any such Judgment, before such Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed " Assignment made by the Clerk of the Peace* as afore- to the Amendments, made by their Lord ships, with an " said, upon his or their personal Estates respectively, Amendment to one of them; to which Amendment this " preferably and prior to any Division of the Estate and House doth desire their Lordships Concurrence.

Effects of such Prisoner or Prisoners among his other " Creditor'or Creditors, for so much, as shall remain " really due up>on any such Mortgage, Statute, Recogni-v zance, or Judgment, respectively, in like Manner, as

such Mortgagees, and Creditors by Statute, Recogni- zance, or judgment, would have been preferred to M other Creditors of an inferior Nature against the real " or peifonal Estate of such Prisoner and Prisoners re-

speftively, if this Act had not been made j any thing " hereirt before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding."

Pr. 16. L. 8. Leave out " are now in force and'*

Pr. 18. L. a8. Leave out the Second " any," and insert such."

Pr. 22. L. 7.1-eave out " are now in force and"

Pr. 23. L. 14. After " Person" insert " out of Prison."

L. 15, 16. Leave out "with any Debt to

his Majesty," and insert " at the Suit of the Crown,

" or indebted to any one Person in the Sum of Five " hundred Pounds, besides Interest, and Colls, unless by " the Consent of every such Creditor, to whom he shall V be indebted in such Sum, as aforesaid."

Pr. 17. L. 36. Leave out " Twenty," and, instead thereof, insert " Fifty."

Pr. a8. L. 2. Leave out from " that" to the End of the Bill, and, instead thereof, insert " notwithstanding

the Discharge of any Prisoner or Prisoners by virtue of this Act, if it shall hereafter appear, the same was

obtained fraudulently, the same shall be void, and of " none effect."

In the Rider A, L. 7. Leave out "high Court of

" Chancery," and insert " respective Courts at Westmin-

from whence any Process issued, upon which such y Prisoner or Prisoners was or were committed, whole " Eflefts are so assigned, or where the Proceis issued out *.* ofahy other Court, to and for the Judges of the Courts " of King's Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, or * any Two of them."

*L. 14. Leave out Courts," and insert " Courts or u Judges respectively."

The laid Amendments, being severally read a Second time, as for as to the Amendment, Prels 23, L. 1 ?, and

1'

9 ll

a*

I*

II

ail

h

Ei

fe

3Q

Manchester

Collegiate

Courch.

MarttSj 130 dieMqii J

Anno 2° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1729.

Prayers.

AN ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to unpower his Majesty to visit the collegiate Church of Manchester, during such time as the Warden-ship of the said Church is or shall be held in with the Bishoprick of Chester, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Hoghlon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Oglethorpe presented to the House (according to Regulating Order) a Bill for the better regulating the Prison of the Fleet, and for more effectual preventing, and punishing, the

arbitrary and illegal Practices of the Warden of the said Warden. Prisoni and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, that Yesterday, Fleet Prison; after the Third reading of the ingrafted Bill from the »rap®wrin5 Lords, intituled, An Act to impower his Majesty, his ^antThT Heirs and Successors, during the Life of Thomas - Wardenship,

the Office of Warden of the

"i

'At

A

"i

'T:

'A.

'ci

is.

ti, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, bridge, Esquire, to grant greed unto by the House. Prison of the Fleet to such Person or Persons, as his

The said Amendment, Press 23, L. 15, and 16, being Majesty shall think fit, and to incapacitate the said lead a Second time; tf;as Bambridge to enjoy the said Office, or any other what-

An Amendment Was proposed to be made therein, by soever, and the said Bill being opened to the House, leaving out these Words " unless by the Consent of eve. y there was not afterwards a sufficient Number of Members

such Creditor, to whom he shall be indebted in such Sum. as aforesaid," and, instead thereof, insert " if w any such Creditor, to whom the Sum of Five hundred " Pounds, or more, shall be owing, shall oppose the Discharge of such Prisoner, and shall infill, that such Prisoner becontinued in Gaol; and that then, and in such , " Cafe, such Creditor or Creditors, opposing the said ." Prisoner's Discharge, as aforesaid, shall, at his, her, " and their, proper Costs and Charges, allow and pay such a weekly Maintenance to the said Prisoner, not

present in the House, to proceed in the Business.

The laid Bill was now put to the Question.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Hughes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess, to lerve in this present Parliament for the Borough of A Jaiton, in the County of York, in the

Malron

Will.

" exceeding Three Shillings and Sixpence '. per \\eek, in room of the honourable Henry Finch, Esquire, who, since " such Manner, as the said Justices in the.r General Quar- his Elc(5lion for the said Borough, hath accepted the ~ " ter bessions shall order and appoint; and, upon Non- office of Receiver-general and Collector of the Revenues " payment of the same for the Space of Six Weeks, the in the Island of Minorca.

" laid Prisoner, upon Application to the said Justices in their General Quarter Sessions, shall be discharged, " pursuant to the Intent and Meaning ol this Act."

22

Mr Earle (according to Order) reported from the Duir.ba*ton( Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it *c- Ehftion

appeared

2 Geo. II. 13° Maii.' 375

appeared to them, upon their Examination and Enquiry, by reason of the great Number of Names, subscribed to Dumbarton; whether the several Petitions, to them referred, relating both the Petitions from they had reduced them *tc"

to the Election and Return for the District of Burghs of into an Alphabet; and that it appeared, in the Letters A Dumbarton, Glasgow, Renfrew, and Rut her glen, are the and B, Sixty Persons had signed the Petition, presented fame, in Substance, with those presented last Session, and this present Session, that had not signed the Petition, signed by the same Persons; and also upon the Enquiry presented the last Session.

into the Manner of obtaining, and signing, the said Peti- To which the Counsel for the Petitioner made no tions; and the Resolution of the Committee thereupon: Objection.

Which Report he read in his Place, and afterwards That, as to the Particular of Enquiry info the Manner delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the Report, and of obtaining, and signing, the said Petitions,

Resolution of the Committee, were read, and are as The Counsel for the fitting Member called follows; viz. ‘John Simpson; who said, that the People, by the Ma-

That the Committee have made the said Examination gift rates Direction, being summoned to the Town Church and Enquiry. or Sessions House, to sign the Petition from,

That the several Petitions, relating to the said Election they assembled accordingly; and that one Smith

and Return for the said District of Burghs of Dumbritton, was summoned, under the Penalty o 1 o. Scots; but that Glasgow, Renfrew, and Rut her glen, presented to the he himself was summoned without any Penalty: That he House this present Session, were agreed to be the fame, signed the last Petition, though he did not sign the in Substance, with those presented the last Session; first, because he was told, they, who did not, would be Except as to the Petition of the Delegate, chose lor the accounted Enemies to the Town, and Contemners of Burgh of Rutherglen, and of the Magistrates, and Com- the Magistrates: And gave Evidence of Five others, mon Council, and of several of the Inhabitants, uf the who signed the last Petition, for the like Reason, that said Burgh: did not sign the first.

In the Body of which said Petitions, from Rutherglen, Donald a Biirgefs of gaveEvidence

are the Three following Variations; viz. concerning Four Persons, whose Names are subscribed

ill, In the Petition, presented this present Session, there to the Petition, presented iri this presented Session from is this Allegation; viz. " That George Smallet, Provost the said Burgh, that there were no such Persons inhabiting " of the said Burgh of Dumbritton, without any legal within the Town; and that no such Persons were Bur-'* Authority warranting him so to do* on the said Ninth gefies; viz. Robert I dew, Walter Lay, and

" o1 September went into the Tolbooth, or Town-boule, 'Thomas Watson.

" of Dumbritton, where the Election is usually made, That the Petitioners Counsel produced no Evidence " tdgether with ‘fame's Duncanfon, his Clerk ;" whereas, in Answer thereto.

in the Petition, presented the last Session, it is thus alleged; And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee

viz." That the said George Smallet, without any legal came to the following llesolution;

" Authority warranting him so to do, on the said Ninth Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That " of September went imo the Tolbooth, or Town-house, great Numbers of Persons have signed the Petitions from "of Dumbarton, where the Election is usually made, the Magistrates, and several of the Inhabitants, of the " together with one James Duncanfon, who had been Burghs of Dumbarton, Renfrew, Rutherglen, zad Glasgow, common Cleric of the said Burgh of Dumbarton." presented to the House upon the Fourth Day of February The Reason of which Difference the Petitioner's Coun- last, who had not signed the former Petitions from the fel alleged to be, because the House last Session had laid Buigiis, presented to the House the Tenth Day of determined, That the said James Duncanfon was the April, One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-eight; common Clerk of the said Burgh of Dumbarton', and and that several Alterations are made in the Bodies of that the Words " his Clerk?' being inferred instead the last Peritions, different from the first. of the Words " who had been common Clerk of the That the Committee beg Leave to submit to the said Burgh otDumbarton?was in Conformity to the Consideration of the Horde, whether the before-men-said Determination. tioned Variations between the former Petitions, and

ad, In the Petition, presented last Session, it is alleged, those presented this Session, do not make the same " That George Smallet placed a Guard of armed High- different in Substance.

" landers in the Town-house the Night before, and at The said Resolution being read a Second time;

" the Hour of Election* by himself and other Persons, Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Com-

" employed by him* set another Guard in the said Tol- mittee, in the said Resolution, That great Numbers of " booth, or Town-house Door, with Halberts in their Persons have signed the Petitions from the Magistrates,

" Hands, and did in a violent and forcible Manner and several of the Inhabitants, of the Burghs of Dumbarhinder feme of the Delegates from entering said ton, Renfrew, Rutherglen, and Glasgow, presented to the " Tolbooth, in order to elect their Burgess, particularly, House the Fourth Day of February last, who had not " David Colhoun, who was Delegate for Dumbarton;" signed the former Petitions from the said Burghs, pre-which Words, " particularly David Colhoun, who was fented to the House the Tenth Day of April, 1728 ;and " Delegate for Dumbartonin the Petition, presented that several Alterations are made in the Bodies of the

this present Session, are entirely omitted. last Petitions, different from the first.

3d, In the Petition, presented this present Session, afeer Then the House came to the following Resolutfons; the last mentioned Allegation, it is thus alleged; viz. viz.

"pretending, that he (George Smallet) as Provost, had Resolved, That the Petition of the Magistrates and " the foie power of judging, who had a Right to vote at Common-council, and of several of the Inhabitants, of " the said Election, and who ought, and who ought not, the Burgh of Glasgow, presented this Session, complaining " to be admitted ;" which Words, " and who ought," of an undue Election and Return for the said District of are blotted out in the Petition, presented last Session. Burghs, is not the same in Substance with the Petition It was also adtmtted, that there was the same Variations from the said Burgh, presented to the House the last ifl the other Three Petitions, as in that of Rutherglen. Session of Parliament.

As to the Particular, whether the Petitions are signed Resolved, That the Petition of the Magistrates, Com-by the same Persons, the Committee find, that in the mon-council, and several of the Inhabitants, of the Burgh Pititions, presented this present Session, there are, of Renfrezv, presented this Session, also complaining of

1.Dumbarton42,) Names of Per- an undue Election and Return for the said District of Renfrew 30 >fons,‘who did not Burghs, is not the same in Substance with the Petition Rutherglen 27 J figu the Petition, from the said Burgh, presented to the House the last presented last Session. Session of Parliament.

And the Counsel for the fitting Member alleged, that ,. Vol 21. Resolved,

376 if — >4

Resolved, That the Petition of the Delegate, those for the Burgh of Rutherglen, and of the Magistratesand Common-council, and ot several of the Inhabitants, of the said Burgh, presented this Session, also complaining of an un- ~ due Election and Return for the said District of Burghs, is not the same in Substance with the Petition of the said Delegate, and from the said Burgh, presented to the House the last Session of Parliament.

Resolved, That the Petition of the Delegate, chose for

Mail

A.

1719.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 140 die Maii; Anno 2* Georgii II"1 Regis, 1729. Prayers.

Settling ^rice of Corn imported, Ice.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Tot hill and Mr. Allen:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to ascertain the Custom, payable for Corn and Grain imported; for better ascertaining the Price, and Quantity, of Corn and Grain, for which a Bounty is payable upon Exportation; for appropriating the Supplies, granted in this Session of Parliament; and for giving further Time

Liverpook

Writ.

the Burgh of Dumbritton, and of the Magistrates and S~\RDER ED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant Southampton Common-council, and of several of the Inhabitants, of to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, Writ,

the said Burgh, presented this Session, also complaining for the electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Par. of an undue Election and Return for the said District of liament for the Town of , in the room of

Burghs, is not the same in Substance with the Petition of Robert Eyre, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said the said Delegate, and from the said Burgh, presented to Town, hath accepted the Office of one of the Commis-the House the last Session of Parliament. f'oners for managing the Revenues of Excise.

Ordered, That the said several Petitions be rejected. Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the

Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of in the County Palatine of

Lancaster, in the room of Thomas Brereton, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of one of the Commissioners for victualling his Majesty's Navy.

That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the to Clerks and Apprentices to pay Duties7 omitted to be electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for paid for their Indentures and Contracts; without any the Borough ot Clifton Dartmouth Hardness, in the County Amendment: of in the room of , Esquire, who,

And also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, since his Elect ion for the said Borough, hath accepted An Act for better Preservation of his Majesty's Woods in the Office of one of the Clerks of his Majesty's most mcnca, c' America, and for the Encouragement of the Importation honourable Privy Council, of naval Stores from thence, and to encourage the Importation of Malts, Yards, and Bowsprits, from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, without any Amendment:

And also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled,

An Act for the better Regulation and Government of Seamen in the Merchants Service, without any Amendment:

Dartmouth

Writ.

Preservation of Woods in

0*

ptt

It!

to

I®

ft*

tali

T

till

bar

Of?

It

j at,

Hot

' Lite

i h

tut.

i P

k:

Wy

Newport

Writ.

Regulating

Merchant*

Seamen.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Newport, alias in the Hie of

(Eight, in the County of Southampton, in the room of George , Esquire, who, since his Election for the

And also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, fa,d Borough, hath accepted the Office of Commissary-An Act for laying a Duty upon compound Waters, or general of the Mullers.

Spirits, and for licensing the Retailers thereof, without any Amendment: Mr. Oglethorpe, from the Committee, appointed to Enquiry inti

And also, the Lords have agreed to the Amendments, enquire into the State of the Gaols of this Kingdom, the State of imprisonment ma<je by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the made a Report of some Progress, which the Committee Gaols.

Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imnrifonment of had made in their Enquiry into the State of the Prison of

Supply BIU; Duty on Compound Waters.

Debtors

Lanerk

Writ.

Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Commissioner, to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Lanerk, in the room of the honourable Archibald Hamilton, Esquire, commonly called Lord Archibald Hamilton, who, since his Election for the said Shire, hath accepted the Office of one of the Commissionerst for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain.

Stirling, &c. Writ.

enquiry 1

the Court of Marshalsea, and of the King's Palace Court of Westminster, and also of a further Progress, which the

Committee had made in their Enquiry into the State of the Fleet Prison, with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the fame, with the Appendixes, in at the Clerk's Table; where the Report, and Resolutions of the Committee, wdre read, and are as follows; viz.

The Committee, having, in pursuance of the Order of this House, of the Twenty-fifth Day of February, 1728, to enquire into the State of the Gaols of this Kingdom, adjourned to the Prison of the Court of the and of the King's Palace Court of (Festminster, and at several Times examined into the State of that Prison, have made some Progress therein, which they have -thought fit to lay before the House.

It appeared to the Committee, that the Prison of the Marshalsea doth belong to the Court of the Marshalseaof the King's Houllioid, and to the Court of Record of the

to

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the District of Burghs of Stirling, Inverkeithing, Dumferm-

' ling, Queensftrry, and Culrofs, in the r< om of Thomas

Er/kine, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said District of Burghs, hath been Thade a Captain of Foot in King's Palace of; and that the Person, who

his Majesty's Army.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. 7 Mr. Allen:

Mr. Speaker,

Relief of insolvrnt Debtor*.

hath the Care of the Prison, and Custody of the Jen, is lliled Deputy Marshal of the Marshalsea of the i thill and King's Houllioid, and Keeper of the Prison of the same Court, and of the Prison of the Court of Record of the King's Palace of (Westminster; and is appointed by the

The Lords have agreed to the Amendment, made by Knight Marshal for the Time being.

this House to one of their Lordships Amendments to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Relief of insolvent Debtors.

The Messengers withdrew.

That Sir Philip Meadoivs, then Knight Marshal of the King's Houllioid, did, by Deed Poll, given under his Hand and Seal the 25th of November, 1720, constitute John Darby, Gentleman, Deputy Marshal of the Mar-

shalfea

a Geo. II. 146 Maii. 377

fhaljea of the King's Houftiold, and Keeper of the Pri-fbns aforesaid, during the Term of his natural Life.

And tire fard Knight Marshal, by Articles of Agreement indented, bearing even Date with the said last mentioned Deed Poll, declares the Conditions, under which the said John Darby is to enjoy the said Offices; and, among others, that, if the said John , without the Knight Marshal's Consent in Writing, shall at any Time let to farm the said Offices, or any of the Fees, Profits, Advantages, or Benefits, thereof, the said Grant shall cease, determine, and be void.

That John Darby, contrary to the said Conditions, hath let the Profits of the said Offices, without Consent of the said Knight Marshal; and by Indenture of Lease, bearing Date the aid Day of March, 1727, did grant, and to farm let, to William Ail on. Butcher, the Mar* Jhalfea Prison for £. 140. per; and by the fame

Lease did let the Benefit of the Lodging of the Prisoners, and other Advantages, for the further yearly Rent of £. 260. to be paid to him, clear of all Taxes, for the Term of Seven Years.

That to make the Profits of the Prison arise, to answer the said exorbitant Rents, no Kind of Artifice, or Oppression, hath been unpraftifed.

It appears, upon the Examination of many Witnesses, that, on the entry of Prisoners into the said Prison, Money has been extorted from them, for obtaining the Liberty of going to the Mailer's Side, though the said

Darby acknowledged, he had noRight toanyFees, till the Prisoner was discharged: And, in order to create a greater Profit, by vending Liquors, and Food, the Servants of the Keeper have obstradled the bringing in ne-Ceflary Liquors, and Provisions, contrary to the express Words of the Act of Parliament, of the Twenty-second and Twenty-third Year of King 2d; and have

often, under the Pretence of searching for Liquors, treated very ruddy and indecently, Women who came to relieve and support their Husbands, labouring under the Hardships and Necessities of the Gaol: And they raile the Price ot Liquors and other Necessaries, inso much that the necessitous Prisoner is obliged to pay Three Pence per Quart for worse Beer, than he can buyout of the Prison for Two Pence Half-peny: And they have also encouraged a Praft ice among the Prisoners, of forcing those, newly committed, to pay Garnish, and of levying Fines upon each other, under frivolous Pretences; the Money arising from which is to be spent at the Tap-house; so that he, who is moll aftiye in exact ing it, is favoured, as the greatest Friend to the House. This Method of levying Garnish Money, and Fines, is so publickly allowed, that there are Tables hung up in each Room, of the Rated Garnish Fees, some of which amount to 7 some to more; and, if the unhappy Wretch, which is the general Cafe, hath not Money to pay them, tire Prisoners strip him in a riotous Manner, which, in their Cant Phrase, they call letting the black Dog walk.

This (hews the Inconveniency of the Keeper's having the Advantage of the Tap-house; since, to advance the Rent thereof, and to consume the Liquors there vended, they not only encourage Riot and Drunkenness, but also prevent the needy Prisoner from being supplied by his Friends with the mere Necessaries of Life, in order to increase an exorbitant Gain to their Tenants.

And these Extortions, though small in the Particulars, are very heavy upon the unhappy Prisoners, many of whom are so poor, as to be committed for a Debt of One Shilling only; for, by the Usage of the said Court of Record, Processes are issued for the smallest Sums; and, though the Cause of Action is but One Peny, a Process is issued, t he Process is returned, and the Proceedings are carried on, till such Time as the Colls amount to above 40 s. and thereupon the Debtor is thrown into Prison; and, by adding the Colls to the Debt, the late Act of Parliament, against frivolous and vexatious Arrests, is eluded: Nor is it probable, that he can be from thence released; for, if he was incapable before to pay the Cause of Action, he must be much more so, when the Colls are

Vol. 21.

added thereto; and, if his Creditor then relents, he is detained for the Gaoler's Fees, and Colls of Suit, infinitely greater than the original Debt.

It appeared to the Committee, that there was no Lift of Fees publickly hung up in any Part of the Prison, though required by Law: As to which the said John Darby being examined, he acknowledged, that no such-Lift of late had been hung up; but he delivered to the Committee a Paper, which, he informed them, was a Schedule of Fees, established by the Judges the Court of the King's Palace of Westminster the 17th of December, 1675, hereunto annexed in the First Appendix, marked with the Letter A; which Fees seem very exorbitant, in regard there are different Fees paid by the same Prisoner to the same Officer, and the whole amounts to more than is proportionable to the Smallness of the Sums, for which Processes are issued out of that Court.

Upon Inspection of the several Parts of the said Gaol, the Committee find, that the said Gaol is divided into Two Divisions, viz. the Mailers Side, and the common Side; and that a Part thereof is only fenced in with a few weak old Boards: That there are several Rooms on the Matter's Side kept empty, some with but One or Two Persons in them, and others at the same time crouded to that Degree, as even to make them unhealthy; particularly, in one of the Rooms in a Part of the Prison called the Oake, Nine Men are laid in Three Beds, and each Man pays 2 s.6 d.per Week; so that Rootnfingly produces jC.x. 2 s.6d. per Week: But a more particular

Account of the number of Prisoners in each Room, and of the Sums they are to pay for Chamber Rent, will appear by the annexed Appendix B.

It appeared to the Committee, that the Gaoler of the said Prison, out of a View of Gain, hath frequently refused to remove lick Persons, upon Complaint of those who lay in the same Bed with them; a particular In-Itance of Which follows:

Mrs. Mary Trapps was Prisoner in the and

was put to lie in the same Bed with Two otherWomen, each of which paid is. 6d. per Week Chamber Rent: She fell ill, and languished for a considerable Time; and the last Three Weeks grew so offensive, that the others were hardly able to bear the Room: They frequently complained to the Turnkeys, and Officers, and desired to be removed; but all in vain: At last (lie smelt so strong, that the Turnkey himself could not bear to come into the Room to hear the Complaints of her Bedfellows; and they were forced to lie with her, or on the Boards, till (he died.

And the Committee, inspecting the various Parts of the Gaol, saw a Prisoner, who kept his Bed with a Fillula, and Two other Persons obliged to lie with him in the same Bed, though each paid 2 s. 6 per Week; yet they even submifted to such Rent, and Usage, rather than be turned down to the common Side.

The common Side is inclosed with a strong Brick Wall'; in it are now confined upwards of 330 Prisoners, most of them in the utmost Necessity: They are divided into particular Rooms, called Wards; and the Prisoners belonging to each Ward, are locked up in their respectiveWards every Night; most of which are excessively crouded. Thirty, Forty, nay Fifty Persons having been locked up in some of them, not Sixteen Foot square; and at the same time that these Rooms have been so crouded, to the great endangering the Healths oft he Prisoners, the largest Room in the common Side hath been kept empty, and the Room over George's Ward was let out to a lay lor, to work in, and nobody allowed to lie in it, though all the last Year there were sometimes Forty, and never less than Thirty-two, Persons locked up in George's Ward every Night, which is a Room of Sixteen by Fourteen Feet, and about Eight Feet high: The Surface of the Room is not sufficient to contain that Number, when laid down; so that one half are hung up ihHammocks, whilst the other lie on the Floor under them: The Air is so wasted by the Number of Persons, who breathe in that narrow Compass, that it is not sufficient to keep them

5 C from

Enquiry into the State of Gaols.

378

14° Mail.

A. 1729,

' 1

Enquiry into from stifling, several having in the Heat of Summer the Stat« of perished for want of Air: Every Night, at Eight of the G>ok. Clock in the Winter, and Nine in the Summer, the Prisoners are locked up in their respective Wards, and from those Hours, until Eight of the Clock in the ^Morning, in the Winter, and Five in the Summer, they Cannot, upon any Occasion, come out; so that they are forced to rease Nature within the Room, the Stench of which is noisome beyond Expression, and it seems fur-prizing, that it hath not caused a Contagion.

The crouding of Prisoners together in this Manner is one great Occassion of the Gaol Distemper; and, though the unhappy Men should escape Infection, or overcome it, yet, if they have not Relief from their Friends, Famine destroys them: All the Supporti'uch poor Wretches have to subsist on, is an accidental Allowance of Pease, given once a Week by a Gentleman, who conceals his Name, and about Thirty Pounds of Beef, provided by the voluntary Contribution of the Judge and Officers of the Marshalsea, on Monday, and; which

is divided into very small Portions, of about an Ounce and an half, distributed with One Fourth-part of an Half-peny Loaf: Each of the Sick is full served with One of those Portions, and those that remain are divided amongst the Wards; but the Numbers of the People in them are so great, that it comes to the Turn of each

All the Charities belonging to the Prison were formerly received by a Steward, chose by the Prisoners on the common Side; and the said Prisoners had a common Seal belonging to them, kept by their said Steward; and they were divided info Six Wards, each of which chose monthly a Constable; and the said Constable signing a Receipt, and sealing it with the said common Seal, was a full Discharge to the Persons paying the Charities.

In 1722 Matthew Pugh was chosen Steward by the Prisoners, and, at their Request, approved by Sir John Bennet, then Judge of the Marshalsea Court. Pugh discovered several Charities, which had been before concealed, and applied them to the Use of the Prisoners; and in 1725 he acquainted the then Constables, that John Darby, and his Servants in the Lodge, had got Possession of the old common Seal, and that Edward Gilbourne, Deputy Prothonotary of the said Court, had the Possession of another Seal, with the same Impression, which he had Reason to believe was made use of t? affix to Receipts for Charity Money, to the great Fraud and Oppression of the poor Prisoners: Upon which the said Constables agreed to be at the Expence of rftaking a new Seal, with this Addition, " Marfiialft a Prison, 1725 and they also bought

a Chest, with Seven different Locks and Keys, so that the Chest could not be opened without all the said Seven Keys, one of which was lodged in the Hinds of each Constable,

Man but about once in fourteen Days, and of each and the Seventh in the Hands of the Steward; and they Woman (they being fewer) once in a Week. fixed the Chest to the Wall in the Ward, called the Con-

When the miserable Wretch hathwornout the Charity stables Ward, and locked up the Seal therein; and, when-of his Friends, and consumed the Money, which he hath ever any Receipt was to be sealed, the Six Constables,

' raised upon his Cloaths, and Bedding, and hath eat his and the Steward, were all concurring; and the Money, last Allowance of Provisions, he usually in a few Days so received, was publickly known, and divided.

frows weak, for want of Food, with the Symptoms of a But this publick and just Manner of receiving, and e&ick Fever; and, when he is no longer able to stand, distributing the Charities, was disliked by the Keeper, if he can raise 3 d.to pay the Fee of the common Nurse and his Servants; and they complained to the Judge of of the Prison, he obtains the Liberty of being carried

into the Sick Ward, and lingers on for about a Month or two, by the Assistance of the above-mentioned Prison Portion of Provision, and then dies.

The Committee saw in the Womens Sick Ward many miserable Objects lying, without Beds, on the Floor, perishing with extreme Want; and in the Mens Sick Ward yet much worse: For along the Side of the Walls of that Ward, Boards were laid upon Treftles, like a Dresser in a Kitchen; and under them, between those Treftles, were laid on the Floor, one Tire of sick Men, and upon the Dresser another Tire, and over them hung a Third Tire in Hammocks.

On the giving Food to these poor Wretches (though it was done with the utmost Caution, they being only al

the Palace Court, and gave Information, that the said Pugh was a very turbulent Fellow; and procured a Rule (a Copy of which is hereunto annexed in the Appendix, marked C) by which it is ordered, that Matthew Pugh shall be no longer permitted to have Access to the said Prison, or Court; and the Prisoners are allowed to chuse another Steward i And accordingly John Grace, then Clerk to the Keeper, was chosen Steward by those in the Keeper's Interest; but the Constables, in behalf of the Prisoners, refused to deliver up the Keys of the Chest, where their Seal was, infilling, that all Receipts should be sealed, as usual, in a publick manner, that they might know, what Money was received v and thereupon the said Chest was broke down, and carried away, by the said

William Act on, and the said John . lowed at first the smallest Quantities, and that of liquid The said William Aston, in his Defence against this Nourishment)one died: The Vessels of his Stomach were Charge, did not deny this Fact; but said, he did it by so disordered, and contracted, for want of Use, that they Order of the Court: And being required to produce such were totally incapable of performing their Office, and the Order; he said, it was a verbal Order, given him by the unhappy Creature perished about the time of Digestion. said Edward Gilbourne: And the said Edward,

Upon his Body a Coroner's Inquest fat (a Thing, which, being examined in the Presence

of the said William

though required by Law to be always done, hath for many Years been scandalously omitted in this Gaol) and the Jury found, that he died of Want.

Those, who were not so far gone, on proper Nourishment given them, recovered, so that not above Nine have died since the 25th of March last, the Day the Committee first met there, though, before, a Day seldom passed without a Death, and, upon the advancing of the Spring, not less than Eight or Ten usually died every 24 Hours.

The great Numbers, who appeared to have perished for Want, induced the Committee to enquire, what Charities were given for the Subsistence of the Prisoners in this Gaol: They have as yet been only able to come at full Proof of £. 10. per Annum, left by Sir Thomas Gresham, and One Pound per Annum, paid by each

Aston, denied, that he gave any such Order.

This Transaction was about the Time the Act for Relief of insolvent Debtors, in 1725, took place; and the old Prisoners, who knew this Affair, being discharged by that Act, those, who were newly committed, being ignorant of their Rights to Charities, were defrauded thereof under this Abuse.

After the Time of taking by Violence, Possession of the Prisoners Seal, as before mentioned, the said Seal was used in the Lodge, without the Privity or Consent of the Prisoners, and was affixed to Receipts for Legacies, and Charities, which the said Gilbourne received, and disposed of, as he pleased, in a very irregular, and arbitrary Manner, until Complaint thereof was made to Sir John Darnall, Judge of the Court; and then what was afterwards paid for the Prisoners was distributed regularly.

County in England, commonly called Exhibition Money; but no Account was given to the Prisoners, by Gilbourne, but have Reason to believe, there are many other Sums, of the Moneys he received.

0\

iSf

ikia

1st,

aSte'

likav

Htpt Bxi bit. Tael as in

mi

rkis

3!Wl

kim

sail

which the Shortness of the Time prevented the Committee from being able fully tQ discover.

Till the turning out of Pugh, and the violent breaking open the Prisoners laid Chest, the Steward used to distri-

bute

2 Geo. II.

14° Maii.

379

charge poor Prisoners, and at the Tame time expressJy Enquiry into directed Mr. Ballard to give no other Money to any the/stati*_of Person whatsoever.

The above-mentioned Edward Gilbourne, Deputy Prothonotary, received the said Money, and was Two Years in disposing of it, discharging such only, as he himself thought proper.

In that time an Act, for Relief of insolvent Debtors, took place, by virtue of which many Persons were dif-

bute the Charity Money among the Prisoners equally and indifferently, without Favour or Affection, and accounted regularly to the Prisoners, and never received any Money without their Privity, and Orders; but since the said Violence, nothing hath been regularly done in respect of the Charities: Sometimes the said Edward

Gilbourne, at other times the said John Grace, distributed

them, as they thought fit; and, since the said William Aston, Butcher, hath rented the said Gaol, there has been no Steward, nor any Account given of the said Charities, charged out of the said Prison, and others were at several he having taken upon himself to act as Steward, without times also discharged by private Charities from Persons the Choice, or Consent, of the Prisoners: And, upon his unknown; but the Names of those, thus released, can-Examination, he confessed, that, from May 1728, to not now be discovered, or compared with the Lift, May 1729, he had received Charity Money for the poor delivered by the said Gilbourne, of the Names of the Prisoners, amounting to above £. 115. of which he had Prisoners, which, he pretends, were discharged by the kept no Account, and took no Notice thereof, till this Duke of said Charity.

Committee was appointed, to enquire into the State of It appeared to the Committee, that the Keepers in the the Gaols, not expecting to have been asked about it. Lodge have greatly imposed on the charitable Persons, He pretended, he had distributed the Money among the who, without discovering their Names, have released Prisoners directly, but produced no Sort of Vouchers Prisoners, by paying their Debts and Fees. These Keepers for it. have a Set of idle Fellows, employed by them as Agents

The present extreme Want and Necessity of the Pri- in carrying on their wicked Designs, and whom they in-foners in the said Gaol proceeds from the Charities being dulge in Riot, and in abusing their Fellow-prisoners, and grossly perverted, and not laid out in proper Provisions, allow to go out, as Messengers. These Persons are' and divided into proper Portions: For if £. 1 15. a Year, voluntary Prisoners; and in the Lift, given in by John which Aston himself acknowledges he had received, had Darby, he acknowleged 20, who chose rather to be con-been laid out in Bread only, it would have afforded each fined, than at Liberty. These the Keepers generally Prisoner Two Pounds of Bread per Week; supposing the produce, as proper Objects of Charity, when pious Per-Prisoners on the common Side to have amounted, one fons, unknown, come to discharge poor Prisoners in time with another, to Three hundred; which Pittance, secret; and their pretended Debts and Fees being paid, though very small, would have prevented the starving to as such Objects, they, in Form, go out of the Prison, Death many miserable Wretches, who have perished in but in a little time return back again to the lame

the said Gaol with mere Hunger.

The Committee have reason to believe, that the Charities, given by well-disposed Persons unknown, have been sufficient for the Support and Maintenance of the poor Prisoners in this Gaol; but the Modelly of the Do

wicked Pradbce, to the scandalous Abuse of such pious and excellent Charities, and to the great Fraud and Oppression of the miserable, for whom they were intended.

The Abuse of the Begging Box is another great Im-

nors concealing their Alms, this too great Fear of Often- position. tation, hath enabled the-Gaoler, and his Miscreants at the The Prisoners have all along had a Right to nominate Lodge, to pervert the Charity Moneys, and defraud the Persons to go about with Begging Baskets, and Boxes, poor miserable Prisoners thereof. and to give them Deputations, under their Hands and

The Committee have discovered some private Chari- their common Seal, to make such Collections; but since ties, notwithstanding the industry of the Donors to con- that Seal has been violently taken away, and kept in the ccal them, particularly that of his Grace the Duke of Lodge, as aforesaid, these Deputations are countersigned, Dorset, the present Lord Steward of the Houshold, who and foaled, by the Deputy Marshal, or some of his Agents, ~ or Servants; and the Prisoners have been forced to fob-

raised a Fund of Charity upon the Destruction of that pernicious Practice of felling Offices.

The Custom of this Court formerly was to foil all the Places belonging thereto, and the very Counfol, and Attorneys, purchased the Liberty of pleading, and pradfifing, in this Court; for which the first gave as far as £. 1,000. the latter as far as £. 1,500. each; One Moiety of which Sums was for the Benefit of the Lord Steward, and the other Moiety for the Knight Marshal.

As the present Enquiry is not into the Nature hnd Practice of this Court, the Abuses of which well deforve a particular Enquiry, the Committee do not enlarge upon the ill consequences of such Corrupt Sales; but cannot forbear to observe, that the first who stemmed this Tide of Corruption, was his Grace the Duke of Argyle, then Lord Steward, who, disdaining to share the Spoils of the Unfortunate, scorned to take any Money arising from the Sale of Offices, and made an excellent Precedent, very much disliked by the practising Part of the Court, that of appointing Officers for their Merit, not for their Money. Upon the Death of Sir John Bennett, his Grace, without Fee or Reward, appointed Sir John nall Judge of the Court, and followed the same Method in disposing of the other Offices of the Court.

The Duke of Dorset, now Lord Steward, was very much importuned by the Officers of the Court to permit the Practice of felling, as formerly; but, being resolved not to give way to it, yet willing to be eased of their Importunity, he let them know, that he would fell the Place of one of the Counsel, then vacant: The Sum, he fold it for, was One hundred Pounds only, to George,

Esquire, which his Grace ordered to be applied *to dif-Voi. 21.

mit to give to such Persons, for their Pains, all the Moneys collected by them, provided they bring in Two Baskets only of broken Victuals per Week, or, in lieu thereof, pay Two Shillings; and even this disadvantageous Agreement is not complied with; for the Prisoners are Months together without hearing any thing at all of their Basket Men.

So that the good and charitable Intentions of Mankind are wickedly perverted, and rendered ufoless, and of no avail, to the poor Prisoners, who can neither come out to be relieved, nor can those, who come to relieve, have easy access to such poor Wretches, nor distinguish the Impostors from the Unfortunate.

The only effectual. Way to distribute such Charity rightly seems to be, to foe some Prisoner of each Ward, who is not in the Keeper's Interest, and from such Prisoner to know the most necessitous.

The above-mentioned Practice of farming and defrauding the Begging Box is not peculiar to this Prison of the Marshalsea only :. The poor Prisoners in the Fleet

Prison are abused in the same manner.

In this Prison of the Marshalsea, Pirates are kept, as well as Debtors; and the first, who are generally a very desperate and abandoned Sort of People, are fullered to mix with all the unhappy Debtors of the common Side; which may be of dangerous Consequence: For this being a Prison for the poorer Sort, in which great Numbers of poor Sailors are commonly confined, the Conversation of these Pirates, and their Boasts, how riotously they Jived, whilst at Sea, may instil Inclinations of following the same wicked Practices. This Correspondence with these . desperate

14* M

A. 1719.

desperate People hath already had some Influence upon the poor Debtors, and was, in part, the Occasion of fevered of them attempting to escape j to which Hunger and extreme Want being added, some of them became so desperate, that, after having fasted Four Days, and seeing no Hope of Relief, they attempted to break through the Prison Wall, and were taken in the Attempt.

This gave the Gaolers a pretence to exercise their greater Cruelties. All the Persons, so attempting to escape, were called into the Lodge by the said Acton, one by one, and there examined. One of them was seen to go in perfectly well, and, when he came out again, he was in the greatest Disorder: His Thumbs were much swollen, and very fore; and he declared, that the Occasion of his being in that Condition was, that the Keeper, in order to extort from him a Confession of the Names of those, who had assisted him, and others, in their Attempt to escape, had ferewed certain Instruments of Iron upon his Thumbs, so close, that they had forced the Blood out of them, with exquisite Pain: After this he was carried into the strong Room; where, besides the other Irons, which he had on, they fixed on his Neck and Hands an Iron Instrument, called a Collar, like a Pair of Tongs; and, he being a large luity Man, when they ferewed the said Instrument close, his Eyes were ready to start out of his Head, the Blood guihed out of his Ears and Nofc, he foamed at the Mouth, the Slaber ran down, and he made several Motions to speak, but could not: After these Tortures, he was confined in the strong Room for many Days, with a very heavy Pair of Irons, called Sheers, on his Legs.

It has been usual in this Prison for the Keepers unlawfully to assume to themselves a pretended Authority of Magnates, and not only to judge and decree Punishments arbitrarily, but also to execute the same unmercifully. Numberless are the instances of their immoderate beating poor Debtors, at their Pleasure; inso much, that the very Name of the-Instrument hungup in the Lodge, for beating the Prisoners, became a Terror to them.

The various Tortures and Cruelties, before-mentioned, not contenting these wicked Keepers in their said pretended Magistracy over the Prisoners, they found a Way of making within this Prison a Confinement more dread-ful than the strong Room itself, by coupling the Living with the Dead; and have made a Practice of locking up Debtors who displealed them, in the Yard with human Carcases. One particular Instance of this Sort of Inhumanity was of a Person, whom the Keepers confined in that Part of the lower Yard, which was then separated from the rest, whilst there were there Two dead Bodies, which had lain there Four Days; yet was he kept there with theha Six Days longer; in which Time the Vermin devoured the Flesh, from the Faces, eat the Eyes out of the Heads of the Carcasses, which were bloated, putrified, and turned green, during the poor Debtor's dismal Confinement with them.

The great Business depending in the House of Commons, having often required the long Attendance of the Members of this Committee, the Committee have not been able to go through the Examinations, which they had entered into, upon the various Complaints laid before them, of cruel beating, ironing, torturing, and murdering, Debtors, too (hocking, and two numerous, to be thoroughly examined in so short a Time, as the Remainder of this Session of Parliament allows.

One cruel and barbarous Instance, among others, which appeared to the Committee, they cannot omit; viz.

In the Year 1726, Thomas a Carpenter, not having any Friends to support him, was almost starved to Death in the Prison; upon Which he attempted to get over the Prison by a Rope, lent him by another Prisoner: In the Attempt he was taken by the Keepers, dragged by the Heels into the Lodge, barbarously beaten, and put into Irons, in which he was kept several Weeks. One Afternoon, as he was quietly standing in the Yard, with *7

his Irons on, some of the said Alton's Men called him into the Lodge, were Alton was then drinking, and merry, with Company. In about Half an Hour Bliss came out again crying, and gave an Account, that when he was in the Lodge, they, for their Diversion (as they called it) fixed on his Head an Iron Engine, or Instrument, which appears to be an Iron Scull-cap, which was ferewed so close, that it forced the Blood out of his Ears and Nose. And he farther declared, that his Thumbs were at the same time put into a Pair of Thumb-screws, which were ferewed so tight, that the Blood started out of them: And from that Time he continued disordered to the Day of his Death. He was let out of the Prison, without paying his Debt; and, at his going out, Alton desired, that all, that was pad, might be forgot, and that he would not bear him any Ill-will. This miserable Wretch was put into St. Thomas's Hospital for Help, but died very soon.

The Committee observe,

That, though in this Prison there are many Rooms Intirely empty, yet in other Rooms the Prisoners are crouded together, to the utter Destruction of theit Healths, and the endangering a general Infection:

That, notwithstanding Thirty and Forty Prisoners wer locked up together in One Room, yet the said Darby, the Keeper, did certify to the Committee, that the said Prison of the Marshalsea was sufficient commodiously to contain the Number of Prisoners thereto committed:

That the Charities have not been accounted for, but have been scandalously perverted, while great Numbers have perished in the Prison through mere Want;

That many Prisoners have died daily in the said Prison, as well those in Execution, as others, and no Coroner's Inquest hath fat upon their Bodies.

The said William Alton, being examined, at first de-

nied, but, after being confronted with several Witnesses, acknowledged, that he had had Thumb-screws in his Possession, and pretended, he had given them to the Gaoler at York. He positively denied the having any Iron Instrument, or Cap. for the Head; and yet afterwards directed the Turnkeys, where to find the Iron Scull-cap before mentioned, and it was produced to the Committee.

The Committee also found several very heavy Iron Bars, Shackles, Fetters, and Handcuffs, for the miserable Prisoners in the said Marshalsea Prison.

The unwarrantable letting to Farm the Benefit of keeping these Prisoners, hath unjustifiably increased the Profits of the Prison, to the greater Oppression of the Prisoners. The said William Al, to whom the Profits of the said Prison are let by the said John Darby, hath, in this First Year of his farming the fame, invented new oppressive Methods, to make his Profits double those of the preced i ng Year.

It the Gaolers are not punished for these their wicked Devices, and due Care be not taken, to prevent the like barbarous Practices for the futufe, the poor Prisoners, who may happen to survive these Cruelties, must be more miserable than can be expressed.

The Committee, apprehending the Conclusion of this Session to be now lo near, as to prevent their proceeding to farther Enquiries, have thought it their duty at this Time to lay a State of these Fadts before the House; hoping, some effectual Provision will be made in the next Session of Parliament, for remedying the great Grievances before mentioned, for better Regulation of Gaols, and for inflicting proper Punishments upon Gaolers for Cruelties to their Prisoners.

And the Committee have come to the following Resolutions; viz.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That William Alton, Clerk of the Prison of the Marshalsea, and Farmer of the same Gaol, and the Profits thereof, by Lease from Mr. John Darby, the Keeper of the said Prison, hath been guilty of many high Crimes and Misdemeanors in the Execution of his Office, and hath arbitrarily and unlawfully loaded with Irons, tortured, and

( ' destroyed,

2 Geo. II. 14

destroyed, in the most inhuman, cruel, and barbarous Manner, Prisoners for Debt under his Care, in high Violation and Contempt of the Laws of this Kingdom.

Resolved, That it appears to tHis Committee, That the Charities, given by well-disposed Persons, for the Relief and Sustenance of the poor Debtors, confined in the said Prison of the Marshalsea, are notoriously and scandalously misapplied; and that the Keeper of the said Prison, and his Dependents, and Agents, instead of distributing the said Charities to the said poor Debtors, have most unjustifiably possessed themselves thereof, and wickedly perverted the same to their own Uses, to the great Fraud and Oppression of the said poor Prisoners in general, and

Mail. 381

to the darving many, who have perished in the said Prison, for want thereof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Mr. John Darby, Keeper of the said Prison of the Marshalsea, having contrary to, and in Defiance of, the Law, let to farm his said Gaol, and Office, and the Profits thereof, unto the said William and having grofly

neglected his Duty, in not preventing, or remedying, the said Inhumanities, Cruelties, Frauds, and Abuses, is guilty of a high Misdemeanor in his Office, and a notorious Breach of his Trust, in contempt of the Law, and to the great Oppression and Ruin of many of his Majesty's Subjects.

Appendix, A.

A SCHEDULE of such Fees,"as are appointed and established by the Judges of the Court of the King's Palace of Westminster, the 17th Day of December, 1675, Atmoque R. R. Car. IP* 47*, to be from henceforth

taken and received by the Keeper of the Prison belonging to the said Court, as followeth j

£ s- A-

For the Knight Marshal's Fee upon the discharging of every Prisoner, for the fird Action only - - — 1 2

For the Knight Marshal's Deputy upon the like Discharge - 3

For the Prothonotary, upon the like Discharge - 15

For his own Fee, for his Care and safe Cudody of every Prisoner, to be taken upon the Discharge of every such Prisoner, for the Fird Action - 48

For his Porter, upon the like Discharge - - - — 16

For his own free, upon every Discharge of such Prisoner, for the Second Action - 3 8

For his Porter, upon the like Discharge - - - — 14

For his Clerk, for entering the Charge against every Action, except that upon which he is fird brought into Cudody - - - 1 ——

For his Lid Clerk, for entering every Discharge of a Prisoner, for every Action - - - — 1 —

Edmond W

Jus. Butler.

i 1

Vol. 21.

J D

Appendix,

Enquiry into the State ot Gaols*

V

382

14° M

A. 1

7*9-

Enquiry into the State of Gaols.

Appendix, B.

An ACCOUNT of the Number of the Prisoners, now lying for Debt in the Marshalsea Prison,

and of the Chamber Rent.

The Matter Side is divided into Five Parts iviz.

' The Horse-pond, 3 Rooms,

The Oake, 8 D#

The Nursery, 5 D*

The Park, n D*

The Long Gal. 6 D*

In the Horse-pond Floor.

In the First Room are 1 wo Persons -

In the Second Ditto One Man - -

The Third is the Turnkey's.

Adjoining is a Gallery, consisting of Four empty Rooms.

In the Chamberlain's House are Five empty Rooms.

In the Oake Ground Floor.

A small Coffee Room, rented by a Woman, at First Room has ——

Second Ditto - -

One Pair of Stairs.

A Room, and Closet -

Two Pair of'Stairs.

First Room

Second Ditto - -

Third Ditto - -

Fourth Ditto ——

Here is also a large Chamber, let out for Three Prisoners to Work in, at -

In the Nursery.

The Ground Floor is a Chandler's Room, rented at

One Pair of Stairs.

First Room ——

Second Ditto

Two Pair of Stairs.

First Ditto

Second Ditto ——

In the Park are Two Stair-cases.

In the First Stair-case are Five Rooms.

Ground Floor.

0

One Pair of Stairs.

One Room

First Room Second Ditto - -

Two Pair of Stairs.

First Ditto -Second Ditto -

In the Second Stair-case are Six Rooms.

First Room Second Ditto

First Ditto Second Ditto

Ground Floor.

One Pair of Stairs.

Two Pair of Stairs.

First Ditto Second Ditto -In the Long Gallery

52 Weeks per Annum amounts to

The Number of Beds in each Room. Number of Persons lying in each Room, What each Prisoner pays per Week ror his ]Lx>dging,

I 2 s. d. 2 6

I I 2 6

2 6

2 3 Worn. 2 6 each

2 3 D* a 6 D*

2 2 D* 2 6 D#

3 9 Men 2 6 D°

1 2 D* 1 —

2 6 D* 2 6 each

3 7 D* 2 6 D#

- - - - 1 — D°

6 —

1 2 D* 2 6 each

2 5 D° 2 6 D*

I 3 D* 2 6 D9

2 6 D* 2 6 D°

I 2 D* 2 6D°

I 1 D* 5 —

I 1 D* 5 —

I 3 D» 2 6 each

I 3 D® 2 6 D°

I 3 D* 2 6D*

I 3 D* 2 6 D°

I a D* 2 6 D*

3 ?D* 2 6 D*

1 2 D° 2 6 D*

1 2 D* 2 6D*

Peek

Total paid per Week.

£ d.

— 5 —

— 26

— 46

— 76

— 76

126

— 2 —

— 15 —

-r- I7 6

— J

— 6 —

5 7 12 6

- 7 6

- 15 —

— 5

— 5 —

— 7 — 76

- 7 I

— 76

— 17 6

— 5 "

— 5 —

— 1 —

10 .13

Total paid per Annum.

C S. d.

555 2 —

In the Long Gallery are Six indifferent Rooms: Two of them arc taken up by a Prisoner, and his Family, and a Third by another Prisoner, paying One Shilling per Week: But this Building is in a very ruinous Condition, and unsafe for the Confinement of other Prisoners, than such, as the Marshal is well assured of* the Walls being very weak, and lying next a Court, which communicates with the Borough of Southwark.

Oa

2 Geo. II

140 Mail.

383

Number of Persons lying in each Room* Number of Beds, or Hammocks, in each Room* What each Prisoner pays per Week for Lodging. Total per Week. Total per Annum.

On the common Side are Three Stair-cases, and Two Wards. The First Stair-case contains Five Rooms or Wards. On the Ground Floor is Gs Ward, containing 32 Men, and but 16 Hammocks - - - . - 3* 16 j. d. £ > d. £ s d.

One Pair of Stairs. The petitioning Room, containing 13 Women; some lying of Beds, others on the Floor -The Cook pays for a Chamber, and Liberty to fell Provision to the Prisoners ----- *3 4 — — 4 —

Two Pair of Stairs. The Women's Sick Ward: Seven Women in a deplorable Condition ----- - New Room: Fifteen Women; some lying on Beds, others on the Floor - - -At the Foot of this Stair-case is a large empty Room, kept, at we are informed, for Workmen, though, the Wards being so extremely crouded, it had been very proper to have placed some Prisoners in itl The Second Stair-cale contains Five Rooms. 7 *5 \

On the Ground Floor. The Sick Men's Ward, containing Eleven miserable Men in such Beds, as they had; being some on the Floor, and others on a Bulk over them, crouded in a small Compass, in a very melancholy and affecting Condition ----- --- 11

One Pair of Stairs. The Prince's Ward - The Warrant Room, for Lodging, and Liberty of working therein ----- -- Another Room, containing Two Prisoners, having their own Furniture, who pay - 36 Men iD* 14 Ham. I — each a 6 i I (A 1 1 '

Two Pair of Stairs. The Charity Room: 13 Women, with a few Beds on the Floor ----- --- Between the 2d and 3d Stair-cases are Two Ground Wards First, Pump Ward - - - -Second, Constab. Ward -In the 3d Stair-cale are Five Wards. *3 25 D# 38 D* 17 Ham. 20 Ham.

On the Ground Floor. The King's Ward - 04 OO o 13 Ham.

One Pair of Stairs. The Duke's Ward - - - - -The Queen's Ward - - - - 33 d* 29 D* 20 Ham. 18 Ham.

Two Pair of Stairs. The Duchess's Ward: Few Beds on the Floor The Debtor Womens Ward, Ditto - 11 Worn. 9D" *. I ' ( *-

" I I — 16 —

Enquiry into the State of Gaols;

The Amount of the common Side -The Amount of the Matter's Side -

Total Amount per Annum r

41

555

£' \s96

; i

Appendix

384

*4

Mail

A. 1729.

Appendix, C.

Palace Court, 30th July, 1725.

Enquiry into , Upon Information given to this Court by the Keeper the Sate of of the Prison thereof, that one Matthew Pugh, who has Gaols.) for some Time pad received for the Prisoners of the said Prison, the Gifts and Legacies belonging to them, has under that Pretence, very often behaved himself very turbulently in the said Prison, frequently occasioning Disturbances amongst the said Prisoners; and because of the impudent Behaviour of the said Matthew Pugh, as well in this Court, as the Office of the Prothonotary thereof; it is this Day ordered, that the said Matthew Pugh be no longer permitted to have Accels to the Prison of this Court, upon the Pretence aforesaid; and that the Prisoners of the said Prison be at Liberty to appoint another Person, to receive the Gifts and Legacies belonging to them.

By the Court.

Gilbourne.

Farther, in relation to the Fleet Prison.

The Dispatch, which your Committee found themselves obliged to give to their former Report, relating to the Fleet Prison, prevented their inserting several Fads, which in the Course of their Examination havefince con e to their Knowledge in a fuller Light, and which they think proper to lay before the House, by way of Supple-ment to their said former Report, as followeth; viz.

It farther appeared to the Committee, that Mr. mentioned in the said former Report, whilst he was in the Tap house of the said Fleet Prison, during the War-denship of John Huggins, Esquire, and behaving himself quietly, was suddenly seized by James Barnes, Agent for Huggins, and, without any Reason given, was forced into the strong Room, or Dungeon, on the Matter's Side; which Dungeon, being then but lately built, and fodamp, that the Drops hung upon the Walls, was very nauseous, and unwhollome. In this Place was this unfortunate Man locked up, and never once permitted to go out; but by an Accident, on a Sundry, the Door being opened, he ran into the Parlour, adjoining to the Chapel, during the Time of divine Service. He had then no Covering upon his Body, but the Feathers of a Bed, which Bed was thrown in to him by a Prisoner, into which he crept, to defend himself from the Cold; and the Feathers stuck and were clotted upon him by his own Excrements, and the Dirt, which covered his Skin.

He was immediately seized, and carried back into the said Dungeon; where, through the Cold, and' the Restraint, and for Want of Food, he loft his Senses, languished, and perished.

notwithstanding the miserable Condition of this Man, and the Applications, which were made to Mr. Huggins, then Warden, who law this miserable Object lying naked in the said Dungeon, and unable to speak, but lifting up his Eyes to Mr. Huggins,j the said Huggins bad no -Companion on him, but caused the Door to be close locked upon him.

Oliver Reed, another Prisoner in the Fleet Prison, was loaded with Irons by the Directions of Mr.;

who confessed to the Committee, that he sent for the Fetters ana Manacles~from Newgate, and ordered them to be put 'on the Hands and Legs of this ymfortunate "Debtor! wltoin October last was put into another £>ungeon -and; way continued there, till your Committc went to view The Gaol, where he was forced to lie on a small Bed, -with Chains of Forty PoTinds Weight, which even Bam-- thought too heavy, and applied to Huggins for

lighter. Reed had nothing but a thin ragged Blanket, to cover his naked Body, in the most piercing Weather of the last hard Winter; and within Three Yards of him was a Window, treble barred, without Glals or Shutter; under which Window was a Heap of the most noisome Offals, to feed the Dogs, there kennelled; And the Place was the more unwholsome, because of a Necessary-House in the same Room, the Stench whereof,n{aa so intolerable, that your Committee could not continue in the

Room Six Minutes, to examine t! is unhappy Person, whose great Sufferings, under the Warden's cruel Usage of him, were far greater than your Committee can express. ‘

It appears also to the Committee, that the said Mr. Huggins hath, in Combination with Richard Bishop, his Tipstaff, consented to let out several Prisoners, whom they call by a cant Name, Pidgeons, to go into foreign Parts, as well as into several distant trading Counries at home, and furnished them with a lham Credit, to buy Goods; which beir.g consigned to the said Bishop, he took out CommilEons of Bankruptcy against the Persons, so let. out of Prison, and fraudulently employed, as aforesaid, and thereby cheated the Creditors, who dealt with them, of their Goods, to a very considerable Value; and that a Waggon Load of scarlet Cloth was brought away from the Owner, on such false Credit; but the Owner, pursuing it, seized the Cloth, as they were unloading it, upon Ludgate Hill.

And farther it appears to your Committee, that, during the said Mr. Huggins's Wardenship, several Writs of Habeas Corpus ad testijicandum, were surreptitiously taken out by his Direction, to protect Prisoner, who desired to go to any Part of the Kingdom, on Pretence of giving Evidence at some Trial, or at some Assizes; for which Liberty Huggins received large Sums of Money; and even those Writs have had Blanks left in them, to insert a pretended Cause; and, to avoid Suspicion of such Writs being colluftve, Huggins, by Letter under his own Hand, and now in the Hands of your Committee, pretended to caution his Servants not to be concerned in taking out such Writs; And by the said Letter it fully appears, that this wicked Practice was for Lucre only; and such Liberty, thus given, was to Prisoners committed for very large Sums.

Your Committee, notwithstanding their Diligence and Zeal in the Premises, have not been able to come at a true Account of the Charities, given for Relief of the Poor Prisoners in the Fleet Prison; but your Committee have no Reason to believe, there is in that Particular Jess Iniquity in the Warden's Management, than in the other Practices, whereof the following may serve as an instance: Lieutenant Robert FitzSimmonds, being discharged by the

Plaintiff's Executors on the 12th of 1728, lay then in Prison for his Fees only; about which time a Gentleman came to the Fleet Prison from an unknown Lady, to discharge all such Prisoners, as remain there for Fees only, provided the same exceeded not the Sum of Three Guineas each, or that the Warden would discharge such Prisoners of all Fees and Demands for that Sum. Upon which, Mr. 'Thomas Bambridge, then. Warden, sent for

Twelve Prisoners, and gave the said Gentleman a List of their Names with his full Demands on them severally, which were considerably more than Three Guineas each: However Bambridge, in Compliance with the Lady's great Charity, and in regard to the poor Prisoners, consented to accept the Three Guineas for each Prisoner, in full Discharge of all Demands, alluring tire said Gentleman, that they should be discharged on that Condition. Whereupon he paid Bambridge, in the Presence of the said Twele Prisoners, Thirty-six Guineas for their Discharge; but, as soon as the Gentleman's Back was turned, Bambridge infilled on all his former Demands to the full, and vyould not suffer them to go out of Prison, till they had given him Notes for what exceeded the Three Guineas.

Mr. Fitz-Simmonds, one of these Prisoners, was forced to sign a Note, drawn by Bambridge himself, payable to William Pindar, one of his Accomplices, or Order, for Twenty-seven Pounds, Ten Shillings; and the other Eleven of the said Prisoners were forced to do in the same Manner.

It also appears to the Committee, that the first bringing of Soldiers to the Fleet Prison, to put in Fear, and to insult the poor Debtors, was in the Time, when Mr. Huggins was Warden.

In Justice to his Majesty's Revenue, the Committee think it their indispensable Duty to lay before the House

one

2 Geo. II. 14 ' Ma it*

one particular Transaction of Mr, Huggins with Mr.

\Thomas Perrin, of London, Merchant, Debtor to the Crown in several Bonds, to the Amount of £.42,037. wherewith he was charged in the Fleet Prison, and was permitted to escape from thence by Mr. Huggins, when Warden. The Committee, having come to a more particular Knowledge of this Affair by the Papers, which the said Perrin lent over from Holland to the Treasury here, as his Calc, the Committee crave Leave to subjoin the fame, by way of Appendix to this Report; with this Observation, that at the Time, when Mr. Huggins was examined before the Committee touching this Escape, he acquainted them, that he had got a Quietus for the same in the late King's Reign, and also, that the Commissioners of the Customs having put up to Sale s

Security to the Crown, he, Huggins, bought in the said Debt of £.42,057. for about £.2,000.

The Committee think it proper to lay before the House the same of Sir IVm. Rich, Baronet, a Prisoner for . Debt in the Fleet Prison; viz.

It appeared to the Committee, that Sir IVm. Rich removed himself by Habeas Corpus from , where

he lay for Debt, to the Fleet Prison; but, instead of being admitted, as he desired, into that Prison, he was carried to, and confined at, Corbett's Spunging-house for a Fortnight, at very great Expences-, and, though he often applied to be put into the Prison, it was refused, unless he would pay £.5. to the Warden, as a Commitment Fee, and also for. per Week for his Lodgings; which exorbitant Demands he was obliged to comply ‘ with, not being able to support and pay the heavier Extortions of the said Spunging-house.

In about Ten Weeks after Sir s Removal, Mr.

Bambridgebecame Deputy Warden; to whom Sir William applied for a Chamber at a less Rent, which he obtained, at 3 s. 6 d. per Week, on payment of Pour Guineas.

After Sir William had been in this new Chamber about Three Weeks, William Pindar, the Chamberlain, came to him, and demanded the Rent of 3 per Week,

which was paid; but Sir William not being able to pay all the Arrears of the great Rent, due for the former . Chamber, a Message came from Mr. Cambridge, that he wanted him in the Lodge; but Sir William conceiving, ' it was the Part of Mr. Bambridge to come to him, if lie had Business, answered to that Effect; thereupon James Barnes, Corbett, and others, armed with Pikes, and Halberts, required Sir William to go and wait upon Mr. Bambridge-, but Bambridge, immediately following his laid Messengers, met Sir William upon the Stairs, seized him by the Collar, and, the rest of s Followers

a (lifting, dragged Sir William into the Lodge, and soon after procured him to be removed by Habeas Corpus to the King's Bench Prison, where he remained Twelve Months, and was afterwards brought back to the Prison, by another Habeas Corpus, and carried again to Corbett's Spunging-house, in order to extort a farther £.5. as a Baronet's Fee, for his Commitment, though Sir William offered to pay the Fee, settled by the Court of Common Pleas, of £. a.4 s. d.

After Ten Weeks Stay at Cor belt's. Sir Wiilium, late at Night, was ordered into the Prison, and, by the Consent of one of the Prisoners on the Matter's Side, went into his Room; where the said Prisoner permitted him to have Part of, his Bed, and, desiring his Stay, said, he would raise Money to pay the Warden.

Soon after this the said Bar came into the Room, to turn Sir William out by Force; and the Reason being asked, Barnes answered shortly, lie would -not stand arguing with him; and then put a red hot Poker to Sir William's Bread, and swore, if he did not pay the Money, or go down immediately, he would run the Poker into his Body.

Then came in Two Men, fike Russians, armed with - Muskets, and Bayonets fixed on them, and forcing the Standers-by out of the Room, Barnes run at Sir William with the said red hot Poker, which Srr William having the good Luck to put by, ,on that Disappoint-

' Vo l. 21.

ment, ordered the said Russian$ to fire oh him; but being Enquiry into told by another, that, if they killed him, they would be *use o1, hanged, they desisted to fire; and Barnes being afterwards, Ga0 put out of the Room by some of the Prisoners, wlibl came to protect Sir William from the said Danger, Sir

William went quietly down into the Ward on thef common Side, called Julius Cafar's Ward; and the next.

Morning intending to go again to the Matter's Side, and being opposed by a Centinel, placed by Bambridge, he returned, and went into a Room on the common Side, and staid by the Fire; and a Cobler being the re at work,

Sir William borrowed a Knife, to cut a Piece of loose Leather from his Shoe; which being'done, he laid down the Knife upon the Table. - tv

-Bambridge, with Corbett, and John Everett, and feveiial

others, hi* Accomplices, from Newgate, fofne with Muskets, and Bayonets fixed on them, rushing. together mto the Room to Sir William, Bambridge haughtily demanded of-him, how lie durst ule his Servants ill; and instantly, without flaying for any answer, struck Sir with al Sticky thicker than his Wrist; but in lotne Meafore:Sir'

William put by the Blow, and in his Surprize caught up, and Struck Bambridge with, the said Knife, which lay on the Table near him. Bambridge ordering his Men to fire, one of them snapt his Firelock at Sir William, and Corbett made a Stroke at him with a.Hanger, which Stroke; one Langley happening to receive, it gave him a great Wound in his Head through his Hat and Wig.

Immediately after this, Sir William was Ioadfd with heavy Irons, and put into the Dungeon on the common>

Side for Two or Three Days, and was then removed to the Dungeon on the Matter's Side, in which deplorable Situation, in the last hard Winter, he remained Ten Days, and could have no Fire, but Charcoal, which, there being no Fire-place, the Closeness of the Dungeon, and the Fear of being fuffbeated, rendered mole dangerous, and intolerable, than the Severity of the Weather*

Sir William applying to the Court of Common Pleas for Redress, a Ruie was made for his Removal, and lighter Irons, Bambridge being wounded. Sir William was accordingly removed, but the heavy Irons were kept on him; and in that Condition he suffered, until the Committee visited the Prison, having been fenced to lie in his Cloaths for a Month before, by reason of the said Irons.

One Application to the Court of Common Pleas for Redress, cost Sir William £. 14.

The Expence of the meanest Prisoner, on the Eirft Motion to the laid Court for Redress, is as followed}; viz.

£. s. d.

An Attorney, to take Instru&jons for drawing the Affidavit - 3 4

For drawing, according to the Length ----- ----- 6 8

Stamps - — 1 j

To the Judge's Clerk, to take the Affidavit - — 6 8

To Counsel, to move - 10 6

To the Prothonotary for the Rule, which i

generally nift - - - — % —

Copy, and Service on the Wafden - . - — 2 a

The Attorney's Attendance in Court - — 3 4

The Counsel's Second Fee, when, the Warden shews Cause 1 - - . - .- 1- ip 6

The Attorney's Attendance - - -- — 3.4

To the Prothonotary, for the second Rule - —: a <i —

Copy, and Service - - ' 2 —

*3 7

The Committee in their former Report, relating; to the Fleet Prison, spoke only in general of exorbitant Fees, paid at the Entry of Prisoners into that Prison; but having since obtained an Account of particular Articles, paid on that Head, the Committee have thought ic proper to lay the same before the House; viz,

John Dudley paid at his Entrance into the Prison, as follows:

5 E Fop

Enquiry ii the State < Gaols.

14° Mail.

j4. 1729.

For Four Surrenders at the Judge's Chambers, to his Clerks -

To the Tipstaff -

To the Warden

Taking up his Security Bond, upon his Surrender - -

Turning him into the House, and for Liberty again several Times -

lC- d.

9116

22 — l6 12 -

6 6 —

10 10 - —

L 45 V 6

Samuel Siddale paid.

For Three Surrenders at the Judge's Chambers - - - - 3 8 —

To the Tipstaff - - - — 10 6

Three Commitment Fees to , the Tip-staff, who would not admit him into Prison, until paid - - - - 6 10 —

To the Chamberlain - - 3 —

To the Turnkey - - - — a —

£. 10 13 6

Walter Newbury paid,

Fees at the Judge's Chambers, on Five

Actions - 7 1210

To the Warden - - ii 4 —

To the Turnkey - - — 2 6

To the Steward, or Chamberlain 1 19 5 " 4 4

The former Report of the Committee, relating to the said Fleet Prison, having been under the Consideration of the House, and Directions having been given thereupon, the Committee propose nothing farther at present to the House, in relation to the said Prison in particular.

The Appendix. I

Perrin's Cafe,

As it relates to John Huggins, Esquire, Warden of the

Fleet,

That in Easter Term, 1714 Esquire,

Warden of the Fleet, for a Sum of Money, and upon a Security Bond, wherein the said Thomas Perrin, together with Benjamin Robinson , and Three other Persons, as his Securities, were bound for his Lodging without the said Prison, permitted him the Liberty aforesaid.

That the said Sureties were Persons of no Account, or Substance: That the said Perrin, with the Privity, and express Consent, of the said Huggins, went often at large, out of the Rules, without any Day Rule, or lawful Licence so to do.

That on the itth of August, 1714, the said Perrin went over to Holland, having first employed the said Warden to solicit a Matter, then depending before the Commissioners of the Customs, upon a Reference on a Petition of the said Perrin, praying, that his same might be considered with relation to the said Debts, and have his Liberty, on giving Security to return to Prison, when required.

That the Warden undertook the Care and Negotiation of the said Business, and, the better to carry on the fame, corresponded with the said Perrin, when in Holland , who, on that Account, and for his Liberty, remitted, by Bills, and otherwise, considerable Sums of Money, which the Warden received.

That afterwards the said Warden, fearing a Prosecution for the Escape, sent over Mr. Robinson into Holland, to remind Perrin of his Promise to return to the said Prison of the Fleet before the next Term, promising him, the said Perrin, by Letters, and upon Oath before a Matter in Chancery, that he, the Warden, would not seize his Person in the mean Time, and that, whatever the said Robin-

n

Jan undertook for him, the Warden, touching the same and Favour of Perrin, he, the said Robinson, should fee faithfully performed.

That, in pursuance thereof, it was agreed between the said Robinson and Huggins, Perrin should have Liberty to transact his Affairs at large, so as he returned to Prison before next Term; and, for his Security, in that behalf, the Warden offered to trust Perrin intirely, not doubting Perrin's Honour* and gives, in one of his Letters, this Reason , viz. that Perrin came once before from Holland, to surrender himself, to save his Bail.

Whereupon Perrin came back to London without any Seizure, Recaption, Restraint, or Molestation of his Person; and, for his Security on that behalf, the Warden offered, and did give, Perrin a general Release; and by this Deed, bearing Date 20th October, 1714, released to Perrin all and all Manner of Actions, Cause and Causes of Action, Suits, Bills, Bonds, Writings obligatory, Debts, Dues, Duties, Accounts, Sum and Sums of Money, Judgments, Executions, Extents, Quarrels, Controversies, Trespasses, Damages, and Demands, whatsoever.

That on the 22d of October, 1714, Perrin returned to the Rules of the Prison, goes under the Key, to save the Warden, as if in Execution for the said Debts, and for the pretended Damages by Means of the said Escape into Holland, although that was all settled betwixt and the Warden, and his Right of Seizure and Recaption released also.

That Perrin remained in the Fleet until on or about the Second of April, 1716; but some short time before consults the Warden about a new-intended Voyage to Holland, in order to raise more Money for the said Warden, by applying to Messieurs and Son, his old

Correspondents, and by endeavouring to fall into Bufi-nels, toexercisehis Industry, for the Benefit of the Warden* which he so effectually brought about, that he remitted to the said Warden near i,oco. which came safe to the Warden's Hands.

That Huggins, to prevent his being sued, as he pretended, immediately proposed to the Commissioners of the Customs, that they would be pleased to say, that the Crown had gained One thousand Pounds more, than if Perrin had not escaped; and, after he had prevailed with the Solicitor so so do, they drew up a Report, and transmitted it to the Treasury, signed by the Commissioners of the Customs.

The Affidavit, mentioned in the said Cafe.

John Huggins, Warden of the Fleet, maketh Oath, that 'Thomas Perrin, of London, Merchant, shall peaceably and quietly, without Interruption or Molestation, hold and enjoy to himself the Liberty of the Rules of the Prison of the Fleet, without any future Charge whatsoever and this Deponent will not permit or suffer the said Thomas Perrin, under any pretence whatsoever, against his Will, to be confined within the Walls of the said Prison nor shall the said Thomas Perrin be removed to any other Prison by or through the Means or Procurement of this Deponent, or Habeas Corpus, or otherwise, to any of his Majesty's Prison or Prisons, Place or Places of Confinement, so far as to the utmost of his, this Deponent's, Power, can be prevented and, in case a Habeas Corpus be brought to Effect, so as that the said Thomas Perrin should be removed, he, this Deponent, will use his utmost endeavours to bring him back to the Rules of the Fleet, that he may enjoy the Liberty aforesaid, or to procure for him the Liberty of the Rules, at this Deponent's own proper Charge and Expence, and so to be continued to him under Moses Cooke, Esquire, the present Marshal, or any other Marshal, so long as the said Thomas Perrin shall continue to be a Prisoner; so that he may, either at the King's Bench or Fleet Prisons, enjoy the Liberty proposed, notwithstanding any Action or Actions, Judgment or Judgments, Declaration or Declarations, Extent or Extents, by means of his late or present Misfortunes, or any thing, that may or shall happen to orarife therefrom} and that, in case this Deponent should fell, assign, or set

over.

2 Geo. II.

over, the Wardenship or Property in the FUet % , that then, and in such Case, he, this Deponent, will, at his own Cost, use his Endeavours, so that he shall enjoy the Liberty aforesaid, and upon his single Security; and that he shall have Day Rules, to transefl his Affairs in Term Time, as often as his Occasions require, without any Expence to him, the said Thomas Perrin; and, in case of his consenting to be within the Walls of the Prison, shall be let into the Rules again, whenever he shall require the fame, by writing to Mr. Samuel , or any other Person, immediately.

Jurat, 22 October, 1710, coram Will. Rogers. John Huggins.

Copy of his general Release, upon Stamp Paper, in Form, as followeth; viz.

Know all Men by these Presents, That I, John Huggins, of the Parish of St. Martin's in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire, have remifed, released,

and for ever quit Claim, unto Thomas Perrin, of London, Merchant, his Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, all and all-Manner of Actions, Cause and Causes of Actions, Suits, Bills, Bonds, Writings obligatory, Debts, Dues, Duties, Accompts, Sum or Sums of Money, Judgments, Executions, Extents, Quarrels, Controversies, Trdpafies, Damages, and Demands, whatsoever, both in Law and Equity, or otherwise howsoever, which against the said Thomas Perrin I ever had, and which I, my Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, shall or may have, claim, challenge, or demand, for, or by reason or Means of, any Matter, Cause, or Thing, whatsoever, from the Beginning of the World unto the Day of the Date of these Prdents. In Witness whereof, I have hereunto set my Hand and Seal the 20th Day o in the First Year

of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and King,

Defender of the Faith i£c. Annoque Domini, 1714.

Sealed and delivered

in the Presence of John Huggins,

[Sam. Blunt

Benja. Robinson. *]

The First Resolution being read a Second time; Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That William A£lon, Clerk of the Prison of the Marshalsea, and Farmer of the same Gaol, and the Profits thereof, by Lease from Mr. John Darby, the Keeper of the said Prison, hath been guilty of many high Crimes and Misdemeanors in the Execution of his Office, and hath arbitrarily and unlawfully loaded with Irons, tortured, and destroyed, in the most inhuman, cruel, and barbarous Manner, Prisoners for Debt under his Care, in high Violation and Contempt of the Laws of this Kingdom.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time; Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That the Charities given by well-disposed Persons, for the Relief and Sustenance of the poor Debtors, confined in the said Prison of the foaifea, are notoriously and scandalously misappliedj and that the Keeper of the said Prison, and his Dependents, and Agents, instead of distributing the said Charities to the said poor Debtors, have mostunjuftifiably possessed themselves thereof, and wickedly perverted the same to their own Uses, to the great Fraud and Oppression of the said poor Prisoners in general, and to theftarving of many who have perilhcd in the said Prison, for Want thereof.

The last Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That Mr. John Darby, Keeper of the said Prison of the Marshalsea, having, contrary to, and in Defiance of* the Law, let to farm his dud Gaol, and Office, and the Profits thereof, unto the said William A Eton, and having grolsly neglected his Duty, in not preventing, or remedying, the said Inhumanities, Clueldes, Frauds, and Abuses, is guilty of a High Mif-

Tfx Names of these Two Persons, being eut off from the Bottom of the Page in the Journal, whereon they were written, are (applied from the Original ltepott.

Vol. 21.

387

demeanor in his Office, and a notorious Breach of his Enquiry into Trust, in Contempt of the Law, and to the great Oppref- the Stax of fion and Ruin of many of his Majesty's Subject. Gaols.

Mr. Oglethorpe also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, that he will bp graciously pleased to direct his Attorney-general forthwith to prosecute, in the most effectual Manner, the said William Aston and John Darby, for their said Crimes and Misdemeanors.

And Mr. Oglethorpe moved the House accordingly.

Resolved, nemine contradicente. That an humble Ad-drels be presented to his Majesty, that lie will be graciously pleased to direct his Attorney-general forthwith to prosecute, in the mostelfednal Manner, the said and John Darby, for their said Crimes and Misdemeanors.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by l'uch Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, appointed to enquire into the State of the Gaols of this Kingdom, this Day made to the House, in relation to the State of the Prison of the Court of Marshalsea, and of the King's palace Court at Westminster, and also of a farther Progress, which the Committee had made in their Enquiry into the State of the Fleet Prison, with the Appendixes, and the Resolution of the House thereupon, be printed; and that Mr. Speaker do appoint the printing thereof; and that no Person, but such as he shall appoint, do presume to print the fame.

A Petition of Richard Lloyd, Esquire, was presented Cardigan to the House, and read; letting forth, that at the last Election. Election of a Burgess, to serve in this Parliament for the Borough and Town of Cardigan, Com' Cardigan, in the room of Francis Cornwallis, Esquire, deceased, Thomas Powell, Esquire, and the Petitioner, flood Candidates; ,

where many Persons, who had no Right, were admitted to poll for Mr. Powell, and many, who had a Right, and offered to poll for the Petitioner, were refused; and many other undue and illegal Practices were used, before and at the Election, by and in behalf of Mr. and

he hath procured himself to tje returned with the Pe-titoner, who was duly defied, to his great Wrong: And praying the Consideration of the House, and Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Thomas Powell, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that at the last Election of a Burgess, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Cardigan, in the room of Francis,

Esquire, deceased, the Petitioner, and Richard Lloyd,

Esquire, flood Candidates: That there are Five Boroughs, which join in the said Election, viz. Cardigan, Aberystwith,

Tregaron, Atpar, and Lampeter-, and the Petitioner had

a great Majority of legal Votes, both upon the Poll, and the Scrutiny, which was demanded by Mr. and the Petitioner ought to have been singly returned; but Price, Esquire, the Mayor of the said Borough, being in the Interest of Mr. Lloyd, and acting very partially at the Poll, and through the whole Scrutiny, in favour of him; hath made a double Return, in one of which he hath returned Mr. Lloyd, as defied by a Majority of Four of the said Boroughs, exclusive of the Borough of Tregaron, contrary to all Precedents of former Elections and Returns; and Mr. Lloyd hath not a sufficient Estate of Freehold, to qualify himself to be defied a Burgess, not\ did he swear to any Qualification, though it was demanded during the Time of Election; and he was guilty of Bribery, and other illegal Praflices, in Wrong to the Petitioner:

And praying Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report

14° Mali.

388

14

Mail

A. 1719.

report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to House.

Regulating Attornies and Solicitor*.

Importation of foreign Brandy, Sec,

the L. 30. Leave out " Six," and insert* Twelve."

L. 34. Leave out from " Imparlance" to " Provided," in the 8th Line of the 19th Press, and insert and that no such Bill, Plaint, Suit, or Information, nor any Proceedings thereupon, shall be removed before Judgment, or (fayed by any Writ of , Habeas

Corpus, or other Writ whatsoever,"

Pr. 19. L. t6. After " Clerks," insert or the Curators of the said Court."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Lighthoun and Mr. Majhatn:

# Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of Attorneys and Solicitors, with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

And also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, UU1C> WCi=»

An Act to revive the Laws therein mentioned, relating a&reea unto oy the ttome.

T cc r» j j l \ % r. 6 . That Sir Wtlltam Strickland do carry the

to the Importation of foretgn Brandy, and other Waters Bm , Q ,h> ,d int them> [hat ,his

hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

and Spirits; for Importation of Cochineal; to continue several Acts, for preventing Frauds in the Customs, for Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom, for making Copper Ore, of the British Plantations, an enumerated Commodity; for making perpetual an O, That the Clerk of this House do deliver back Ships Act, therein mentioned, for suppressing of Piracy; for Captain demon's original Letters to Mr. Burchett, with Rationed in enabling Persons, pmfecuted upon the Capias in relation the Papers inclosed, presented to this Hqufe the Thirty- £nj'2u to the running of Goods, to defend in forma pauperis; first Day of March lad by Mr. Cockburn, from the Com- and Tnftnic-for more effectual debarring of unlawful Games; for missioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral tions to

Tiial of Murders.

Kcensing Retailers of Brandy, and other distilled Liquors and for better Regulation of Licences for common Inns and Alei-houses; without any Amendment:

And also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Trial of Murders, in Cafes where either the Stroke, or Death, only, happens within that Part of Great Britain, called England, without any Amendment. And then the Messengers withdrew.

of Great Britain.

Commanders

Regulating

A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Charles Dalton* Royal Mint Gentleman-ulher of the Black Rod: , t# Bills.

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend his Majesty immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty in the House of Peers; where his Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the

The House took into Consideration the Amendments,

Attornies and made by the Lords to the ingrossed Bill, intituled, An several publick and private Bills following; viz. Solicitor*. Act for the better Regulation of Attorneys and Soli- An Act for laying a Duty upon compound Waters, citors. or Spirits, and for licensing the Retailers thereof:

And the said Amendments were read, and are as An Act to ascertain the Custom, payable for Corn and follows; viz. Grain imported; for better ascertaining the Price, and

Press 3. L. 7, 8, 9. Leave out " Lord Chancellor, Quantity, of Corn and Grain, for which a Bounty is Lord Keeper of the great Seal," the Coramifliopers of payable upon Exportation; for appropriating the Sup- the great Seal, the." plies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for

L. 10. After Rolls" insert " or Two giving further Time to Clerks and Apprentices to pay " Masters of the Chancery." Duties, omitted to be paid for their Indentures and

L. 20, 21,22. Leave out Lord Chancellor, Contrafts:

Lord Keeper of the Great Seal, the Commissioners of the great Seal, the;" and, in the 23d Line, after

Rolls' insert " Two Masters of the Chancery."

L. 31, 32, 33. The same Amendments. Press 4. L. 5, 6. The same Amendments.

Press 6. L. 7, 8, 9. The same Amendments.

— - L. 20, 21, 22, 23. The same Amendments.

L. 3°, 31, 32. The same Amendments. Press 7. L. 3, 4, 5. The same Amendments.

Press 13. L. 16, 17, 18. The same Amendments. Press 13. L. 42, 43. Leave out " Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper of the great Seal, Lords;" and, in the 1st Line of the 14th Press, leave out " Commissioners " of the great Seal, the."

Press 14, L. 2. After " Rolls" insert Two Masters " of the Chancery."

Press 16. L. 39. Leave out " such of;" and, in the

An Act to enable her Majesty to be Regent of this Kingdom, during his Majesty's Absence, without taking the Oaths:

An Act for establishing an Agreement with Seven of the Lords Proprietors of Carfor the Surrender of their Title and Interest in that Province to his Majesty: An Act for better Preservation of his Majesty's Woods in America, and for the Encouragement of the Importa-

tion of naval Stores from thence, and to encourage the Importation of Masts, Yards, and Bowsprits, from that Part of Great Britain called

An Act to repeal a Clause in an Act, made in the Ninth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, which prohibits the Importation of Tobacco, stript from the Stalk, or Stem:

An Act to discharge the Trustees, appointed by an Act, of the Seventh Year of his late Majesty's Reign, for

fame Line, after " Parties," insert " according to the railing Money upon the Estates of the late Directors of Event of the Taxation of the Bill; that is to lay, if the the South Sea Company, and others, of their Trust, and " Bill taxed be less by a Sixth Part, than the Bill deli- to vest in the Company such of the Estates, which were

vered, then the Attorney or Solicitor is to pay the " Costs of the Taxation; but, if it shall not be less." L. 40. Leave out as they," and insert the " Court;" and, in the same Line, leave out " think fit to." L. 41. Leave out " therewith," and insert " the Attorney, or Client."

Press 17. L. 20. Leave out from Proceeding" to that," in the 18th Line of th.e 18th Press, and insert And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid."

Press 18. L. 28. After respectively" insert " or at *♦ the Assizes, or general Quarter Sessions of the Peace, " of the County, Riding, or Division, where such *‘ Offence shall be committed."

vetted in the said Trustees, as remain undifpqfed of, as also the Produce of such Estates and Effects, as lave been-disposed of by the Trustees;

An Act for indemnifying Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices or Employments within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Tbnefoc that Purpose; and for repealing so much of an Act of Parliament, passed in the First Year of his late Majesty King George the First, as requires Persons to qualify themselves for Offices or Employments within Three Months, and for limiting othei Times for such Qualift? cations; as also for the Rcpeal of lo much of an Act, patted 31* Carol. II, U, as relates to the sworn Servants of the King or Queen's Majesty.:

An

j

2 Geo. II. 14n Mail. 389

An Act for obviating any Doubts, or Difficulties, that An Act for repairing the several Roads therein men- Royal Afierit may arise from an Act, passed in the First Year of his tioned, leading into the Town of in the County to Bill*,

present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to explain and of Hereford;

" amend an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of his late An Act for making the Hamlet of in the

" Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for Sale of such Parish of Saint Dunstan alias Stepney, in the

" of the forfeited Estates in that Part of Great Britain County of Middlesex, a distinct Parish, and for providing " called Stotland, as remain unfold, and are vested in the a Maintenance for the Minister of such new Parish:

" Crown, and for determining such Claims on the said An Act for making the Hamlet of Stepney,

" Estates, as, having been duly entered, remain undeter- in the Parish of Saint Dunstan alias,

" mined in the County of Middlesex, a distinct Parish, and for pro-

An Act to revive the Laws therein mentioned, relating viding a Maintenance for the Minister of the new Church to the Importation of foreign Brandy, and other Waters there:

and Spirits; for Importation of Cochineal; to continue An Act to make the Chapel of Ease of the Holy and several Acts, for preventing Frauds in the Customs, for undivided 'Trinity, in the Town of Leeds, in the County Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures of this King- of Yoa perpetual Cure and Benefice, and for defray-dom, f r making Copper Ore, of the British Plantations, ing of some Expencesin finishing the said Chapel, yet an enumerated Commodity; for making perpetual an Act remaining unpaid:

therein mentioned, for suppressing of Piracy; for enabling An Act to impowfer his Majesty to visit the collegiate Persons, profecu ted upon the Capias in relation to the Church of Manchester, during such time, as the Warden-running of Goods, to defend in forma pauperis; for more ship of the said Church is or shall be held in Commendant effectual debarring of unlawful Games; for licensing with the Bishoprick of

Retailers of Brandy, and other distilled Liquors; and for An Act to impower his Majesty, his Heirs, and Sue-better Regulation of Licenses for common Inns and cefiors, during the Life of Thomas Bambridge, Esquire, to Ale-houses: grant the Office of Warden of the Prison of the Fleet to

An Act for better paving and cleansing the Streets in such Person or Persons, as his Maj< fly shall think fit, and the City and Liberty of Westminster, and other Places to incapacitate the said Thomas Bambridge to enjoy the within the Limits of the weekly Bills of Mortality, in said Office, or any other whatsoever: (

the County of Middlesex: An Act for Sale of Two undivided Fourth Parts of the

An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Manor and Lands of and in Steane, in the County of Twelfth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, " An Northamp, the Inheritance of the Right honourable the

" Act to prevent Abuses in the making of Bricks and Lady Grey, and Jemima Campbell, and for laying

" Tiles, and to ascertain the Dimensions thereof, and to out the Money, arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of " prevent all unlawful Combinations amongflany Brick- an intire Estate, to be settled to the same Uses:

" makers, or Tile-makers, within Fifteen Miles of the An Act for settling the Estates of John, Earl of GrdnCity of London, in order to advance or enhance the difon, in the Kingdom of Ireland, and Fitzgerald

" Price of Bricks or Tiles Villiers, Esquire (commonly called Lord his Son An Act for the more effectual preventing Bribery and and Heir apparent, pursuant to art Agreement made Corruption in the Elections of Members to serve in Par- before, and in Consideration of, the Marriage of the said liament: Lord Villiers with Jane, his Wife:

An Act for the more effectual preventing, and further An Act for felling Part of the settled Estate (lying in Punishment of Forgery, Perjury, and Subornation of the County of of Lord ViscountAfo-

Perjury, and to make it Felony to steal Bonds, Notes, lyneux, in the Kingdom of Ireland, for railing Money, to or other Securities, for Payment of Money: discharge his Father's Incumbrances thereon, and likewise

An Act for the Relief of insolvent Debtors: for making Provision tot his Brothers and Sifters, and for

An Act for the Relief of Debtors, with respect to the the Payment of his own Debts, and for settling other Imprisonment of their Persons: Lands as an Equivalent for the same r

An Act for the more effectual collecting in Great An Act to enable Henry Chaytor, Gentleman, to limit Britain and Ireland, and other Parts of his Majesty's a Jointure to a Wife, and to let Leases, for Twenty-one Dominions, the Duties, granted for the Support of the Years, of his Estate, at Croft, in the County of York: royal Hospital at Greenwich: An Act to enable Robert Cotefworlh, Esquire, to fell

An Act for making more effectual several Acts passed, Part of an Estate, held by Lease of the Bishop of,

relating to Watermen, Wherrymen, and Lightermen, for Discharge of his Debts:

rowing on the River Thames, and for better ordering and An Act for the more effectual putting in Execution an governing such Watermen, Wherrymen, and Lighter- Act of Parliament, made and passed in the Twelfth Year men: of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First,

An Act for the better Regulation and Government of intituled, "An Act for the Sale of several Estates of Seamen in the Merchants Service: " Henry Grey, Esquire, in the County of Southampton, and

An Act for regulating, well ordering, governing, and for lettling other Estates, of equal Value, in the Court-improving, the Oyster Fishery in the River Medway, and " ties of Berks and Wilts, to the same Uses:"

Waters thereof, under the Authority of the Mayor and An Act to vest several Messuages, Lands, and Tene-Citizens of the City of Rochester, in the County of Kent': ments, in the Parish of Stoke Canon, in the County of

An Act for the better Regulation of Attorneys and Devon, in Trustees, to be Ibid. for the Payment of the Solicitors: Debts of Bamfyld Rodd, Esquire, deceased:

An Act for the Trial of Murders, in Cafes, where the An Act for vesting in Thomas Lamplugh, Clerk, and Stroke, or Death, only, happens within that Part of Great his Heirs, the Keftory of Fe/kirk, in the County of York Britain called England: (being Leasehold for three Lives) comprised in his Mar-

An Act for making more effectual the Acts, passed for riage Settlement, and for settling other Fee-simple Lands repairing the Road from the Stones End in Shoreditch, in and Tenements in Potto, in the same County, of better the County of Middlesex, to the furtherinoft Part of the Value, in lieu thereof: '

Northern Road in the Parish of Enfield, in the same An Act for vesting in Trustees the several Manors and County, next to the Parish of Cheshunt, in the County of Lands therein mentioned, the Estate of Henry Perrot,

Hertford; and for amending the Road from the Watch- Esquire, in Trust for him, and his Heirs, free from the house in Edmonton to the Market-place in Enfield: Charges of his Marriage Settlement, on his settling other

An Act for the more effectual repairing the Highways Estates of greater Value, to the same Uses, in lieu between Shepards-fkord and Horsley-upright Gate, leading thereof:

down Bagdon Hill, in the County of Wilts, and other An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of Walter -ruinous Parts of the Highways thereunto adjacent: cliffe, Esquire, in the Counties of Devon and,

Vol. 21. 5 F and.

390 14° Mali. — 22° Julii. A. 1729.

Royal Assent and for settling other Lands, of equal Value, in the said

to Bills. County of Devon, to the same Uses, in lieu thereof:

An Act for vesting all the Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Tipperary, in the Kingdom of late the Estate of Godfrey , Esquire (late one of the Justices of his Majesty's Court of King's Bench in that Kingdom) deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for the

Payment of rite Debts of the said Godfrey Boate, and for

other Purposes:

An Act for Sale of the Estate of William Carter, Esquire, in the Counties of Denbigh, Flint, and Carnarvon, and to settle other Manors and Lands in the County of Lincoln, of greater Value, to the same Uses:

An Act for inclosing Part of a Common, called Barnet Common, belonging to the Manor of Chipping Barnet, in the County of Hertford, and for veiling a certain annual Rent-charge in Trustees, for the Benefit of the Poor of the Parish of Chipping Barnet for ever:

An Act for vesting the Advowson of the Vicarage of £rafferton in the County of York in his Majesty, in Exchange for the Advowson of the Vicarage of Bishopthorp, in the same County, thereby vested in the Archbishop of York:

An Act to enable William Graham, Son of John Graham, late Alderman of Drogheda, in the Kingdom of Ireland, to make Leases of several Parts of his Estate in the Counties of Lowth and Meath, and in the County of the Town of Drogheda, for the better Improvement thereof:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common, called Elfdon Common, in the Parish of Elf don, in the County of Northumberland:

An Act for exemplifying the last Will of Edmund Warneford, Esquire, and for making the same Evidence in all Courte of Law and Equity in Great Britain and Ireland:

An Act to enable Kinard dela Bere, Esquire, Committee of the Estate of Thomas Ridler, Esquire, a Lunatick, to sell and dispose of Part of the personal Estate of the said Lunatick, for the Payment of his Debts:

An Act for inclosing Aldham and Boyne Commons belonging to the Parish of Hadleigh, in the County of Suffolk, for the better Maintenance of the Poor of the said Parish:

An Act to enable James Moore, and his Issue Male, to take the Surname of Saccording to the Will of William Smythe, Esquire, deceased, and for vesting in Trustees Two thousand Three hundred and Sixteen Pounds, Sixteen Shillings, and Ten Pence, South Sea Annuities, Part of the Estate of the said William Smythe, to be sold, for the Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for confirming the Inclosure and Division of the common Fields, and common Grounds, within the Parish of Thurnfcoe, in the County of York

An Act for confirming Exchanges, Allotments, Divisions, and Inclosures, of Lands in the Parish of 1 jffsugton, in the County of and for establishing the Payment of a yearly Sum to the Rector, and his Successors, in lieu of Tythes, pursuant to Agreements between Vincent Oakley, Esquire, deceased, and the other Proprietors of the said Lands:

An Act to enable Humfrey Wyrley Birch, Esquire, and his Heirs, and Issue Male, to take and use the Surname of Wyrley, pursuant to the Deed of Settlement, made on the Marriage of Peter Birch, Doctor in Divinity, with the Daughter of Humfrey Wyrley, Esquire deceased:

An Act to enable Arthur Geoghegan, alias Stafford, Esquire, to take upon him the Surname of Stafford only: An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Thomas Cobb with Rachel Krebs, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for naturalizing John , and Isaac Pan-chaud.

The King'*' After which, his Majesty was pleased to make a most Speech? gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, as followeth; viz.

My Lords, and Gentle-mcn,

The Season of the Year, and the Di (patch you have given to the publick Business, make it proper for me to put an End to this Session of Parliament; which I cannot do, without expressing my Satisfaction at the just Regard you have shewn upon all Occasions, to my Honour, and to the true Interest of my People.

The Prudence and Temper, with which you have proceeded at this critical Conjuncture, have been very acceptable to me, and cannot fail of meeting with general Approbation. Your several Determinations upon Matters of the greatest Nicety, and Importance, have shewn you not insensible of the Difficulties we labour under, without suffering yourselves to be transported and carried into any unleafinable Warmths and Animosities. You have considered the Loftes of our Merchants with a becoming Compassion and Concern, and received their Complaints in such a Manner, as will bell conduce to the obtaining them Justice and Satisfaction; and you may be assured, no Endeavours shall be wanting on my Part, to answer the Expectations and Willies of my People.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The Supplies, which you have granted me, and lb effectually raised, in a Manner, the lealt burthensome to my Subjects, are a new Proof of your Zeal, Affection, and Readiness to support me in the Defence and Protection of the Rights and Privileges of my Kingdom. It is a great Satisfaction to me to observe, that you have been thus able to supply the necessary Charges and Expences, that have unavoidably been brought and continued upon us, and at the same time to make a further Progress in lessening and reducing the national Debt.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

I have already acquainted you, that, it being necessary for me to visit my German Dominions this Year, I have determined to make the Queen Regent here, during my Absence} and I mull in a particular Manner recommend it to you all, to make her Administration as ealy as possible, by preferring the Peace and Quiet of the Kingdom in your several Stations and Countries, and by endeavouring to discountenance, and restrain, the vile and seditiousPraftices of railing unjuilClamours, and creating Discontents in the Minds of my People.

And afterwards the Lord Chancellor, by his Majesty's Command, said,

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

It is his Majesty's royal Will and Pleasure, that this Parliament Parliament be prorogued to Tuesday, the Two-and-twen- Pf',ro*ue<i* tieth Day of July next, to be then here held; and this Parliament is accordingly prorogued to Tuesday, the Two-and-twentieth Day of July next.

Mart is, 220 die;

Anno 3' Georgii IIdl Regis, 1729.

THE House being met, according to the lall Proro- Parliament gationj further

° . prorogued*

A Message was brought from the Lords by Sir Wm. Sanderson, Deputy Gentleman-usher of the Black-Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty's Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers, to bear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers; where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament until Tuesday, the Sixteenth Day of September next; and the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Tuesday, the Sixteenth Day of September next,

1

1

Co:

v->

C:

fa

I;.;

1

;V

1 nil id

n

k

3;,!

c:G

1

?JT

h

lie

Cft

b

Be:

fe

G

u

k

Sti

Ai

h

H

:*!i

Vo

> w 3JL

3GR0.II. 16° Sept. — 16" OB. — 20° — if Jan. 391

Martis, 16° die;

Anno 3* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1729.

Parliament np H E House being met, according to the last further X Prorogation;

prorogued- Message was brought from the Lords by Sir William Satidcrfon, Deputy Gentleman-usher of the Black Rod: Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty's Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers; where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament, until Thursday, the Sixteenth Day of October next; and the Parliament was prorogued accordingly until Thursday, the Sixteenth Day of 0Bober next.

Jovis > 16° die OEiobris;

Anno 30 Georgii IIdl Regis, 1729.

HT^ H E House being met, according to the last further 1 Prorogation; prorogued. A Message was brought from the Lords by Sir Wm.

Sanderson, Deputy Gentleman-usher of the Black Rod: Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty's

Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the IT use, went up to the House of Peers; where the Commission wa> read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament until Thursday, the Twentieth Day of November next; and the Parliament was prorogued accordingly until the Twentieth Day of November next.

Jovis, 200 die Novembris;

Anno 30 Georgii 1IJ; Regis, 1729.

THE House being met, according to the last Parliament Prorogation; further

A Message was brought from the Lords by Sir Wm. Prorogued* Sanderson, Deputy Gentleman-usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty's Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers; where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament until Tuesday, the Thirteenth Day of January next; and the Parliament was prorogued accordingly until the Thirteenth Day of January next.

By the KING,

A PROCLAMATION.

GEORGE, R.

Proclamation "\\7'M|TRLAS our Parliament stands prorogued to for Mwung y t the Twentieth Day of this instant November-, we, *" with the Advice of our Privy Council, do hereby publish and declare, that the said Parliament shall be further prorogued, on the said Twentieth Day of this instant November, to Tuesday, the Thirteenth Day of January

next ensuing; and we have given Order to our Chancellor of Great Britain, to prepare a Commission, for proroguing the same accordingly: And'we do hereby further declare our Pleasure, that the said Parliament shall on the said Thirteenth Day of January be held, and fit, for the Dispatch of divers weighty and important Affairs; and the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, and the Commissioners for Shires and Burghs, of the House of Commons, are hereby required and commanded to give their Attendance accordingly, at Westminster, on the said Thirteenth Day of January next ensuing.

Given at our Court at St. James's, the Nineteenth Day of November 1729, in the Third Year of our Reign.

GOD save the Kin g.

Martis, 130 die Januarii;

Anno 30 Georgii IP1 Regis, 17*9.

Message to A MESSAGE from his Majesty, by Sir Charles attend the l\. Dalton, Gentleman-usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend his Majesty immediately in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty:

And being returned;

Members Several Members, returned upon new Writs, took bke Oaths, the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, pursuant to the Laws made for those Purposes.

Vol. 21.

A Bill for the more effectuil preventing clandestine cfandefllni Outlawries, was read the First time. Ouiiawrie*.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That a Committee of Privileges and Elections commute* be appointed, of Mr. Earle, Lord Sir Charles of Privileges.

Turner, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Fane, Sir Robert Furnefe, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Thompson, Mr.

Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir John , Mr.

Pelham, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Sir Wilfrid Laivfon, Sir Thomas Saunderson, Mr. Secretary at War,

Mr. Foley, Lord Morpeth, Mr. Clayton, Mr.

Mr. Scrope, Mr. Bladen, Mr. Waller, Mr. , Mr.

Campbell, Mr. Watkyn Williams Wynne, Dr Sayer, Sir Charles Wager, Colonel Onslow, Mr. Andrews, Mr.

Darnel Pulteney, Mr. Finch, M r. Duncomb, M r.

Lord Chetwynd, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Cary, Mr.

Sir James Campbell, Mr. Winnington, Mr. St. John, Mr.

Powlet, Sir Wm. Wyndham, Mr. Alderman Child, Mr.

Shippen, Mr. Drezv, Lord Fi/zzvilliam, Mr. Dockminupue, Mr. Plummer, Sir Archer Crdft, Sir Wm. Tonge, Mr.

Tufnell, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Tilfon, Sir Wm. Strickland, Sir Wm. Lowther, Mr. Sian hope, Mr.

Willes, Mr. Bond, Mr. Vyner, Sir Edmund Paeon, Lora Ma/pas, Mr. Alderman Parsons, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Ross,

Mr. Doddington, Sir James Thornhill, Mr. Holland, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Jacomb, Sir Thomas Sebright,

Sir John Copt, Sir Nathanael Cttrzon, Mr. Lee, Sir Robert Sutton, Sir Robert Monro, Mr. Sir

Charles Hotham, Sir Wm. Carezv, Colonel , Lord Tyrcomel, Mr. Attorney-general, Sir Jermyn Mr. Danvers, Mr. Peachy Knight, Mr. Edgcumb, Mr.

North, Mr. Roberts, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Scot, Mr,

Geers, Sir George Oxenden, Sir Wm. Barker, Mr. Everffield, Mr. Cafar, Mr. Lockyear, Lord , Sir

John Norris, Mr. Fortescue, Mr. Boone, Mr. Manfdl,

Mr. Sloper, Sir Charles Wills, Mr. Conduit, Mr. Tren~ ebard, Mr. Vane, Sir Tho.1 Act on, Mr. , Lord

Castlemain, Mr. Taylor, Mr. Annejley, Mr. Mr.

Newland, Sir Tho. Read, Sir John , Mr. Wither,

Mr. Bramflon, Mr. Nicholls, Sir John Aubin, Mr.

Solicitor-general, Sir Robert Aujlin, General Wade, Sir John Stone house, Mr. Wyndham, Sir Michael Newton,

Mr. Middleton, Sir Richard Ellys, Mr. Douglas, Sir Roger

Mojiyn,

1

59^ 13 Januarii.: 1729.

Mostyn, Mr. Worthy, Lord Hozv, Sir John Hind Cotton, our Commerce for the fufure is restored, but just and

ke. Sir IVm. Stapleton, Sir Humfry Howorth, Mr.

Brudenell, Sir Wm. Moric Mr. Gower, Mr.

Master, Sir John Act ley. Sir Paul Methuen, Mr. Deve-reux, Mr. Perrot, Mr. Harley, Mr. Norris, Sir Walter Bagot, Mr. Walpole, Sir 'Tho. Hales, Mr. Kejmifs, Mr. Herbert, Mr. K trolly s, Mr. Lutwyche, Mr. Williams, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Noel/, Mr. Mr. Shuttleworth,

Mr. Lyster, Mr. Gfanville: And they are to meet Tomorrow Sevennight, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Ghamber; and to fit every Friday, Monday, and Wednesday, in the Afternoon; and all, that come, are to have Voices: And they are to take into Consideration all such Matters, as shall or may come in question, touching Returns, Elections, and Privileges; and to proceed upon double Returns in the First place; and to report their Proceedings, with their Opinions thereupon, to the House, from time to time: And all Persons, that will question any Returns, are to do it within Fourteen Days next, and so within Fourteen Days next after any new Return shall be brought in: And the Committee are to have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, for their Information: And all Members, whoarereturned for Two or more Places, are to make their Election by this Day Three Weeks, for which of the Places they will serve, provided there be no Question upon the Return for that Place: And if any thing shall come in question, touching the Return, Election, or Matter of Privilege, of any Member, he is to withdraw, during the Time the Matter is in Debate; and that all Members, returned upon double Returns, do withdraw till their Returns are determined.

Th* King's Mr. Speaker reported, that the House had attended Speech re- his Majesty in the House of Peers; where his Majesty

ported. was pleased to make a most gracious Speech from the

Throne to both Houses of Parliament, of which Mr. Speaker said, he had, to, prevent Mistakes, obtained a Copy: Which he read to the House, and is as followeth; viz.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

It is with great Satisfaction I acquaint you, that we have at length extricated ourselves from the many Difficulties and Inconveniences, that attended the uncertain State of Affairs in Europe, by having concluded an absolute Peace with the Crown of Spain.

This Negociation hath been carried on, and finished, with a perfect Union, Harmony, and Fidelity, between me and my Allies, with no other View, but to prevent the Miseries and Confusion of a War, which, if once kindled in Europe, it had been as hard to know the End, as to determine the Success of such a fatal Event.

As this Alliance is built upon the Foundation, and is agreeable to the Purport and Intentions, of former Treaties, without any Alterations in the principal Articles, but such, as tend to render more effectual what the contrafting Powers in the Quadruple Alliance were before engaged to fee performed, it is very justly to be presumed, that, from this happy Beginning, the great Work of a general Pacification will soon be perfect and complete.

But if, contrary to Expectation, and in Resentment of the present Engagements, any new Troubles, although with little Prospect of Success, should be raised in Europe, to oppose, or disappoint, the Execution of them, I am confident, I shall not want the Support and Assistance of my Parliament in so just a Cause, which hath the joint Concurrence of so many considerable Powers for the Honour and Credit of the present Measures, and their united Strength in Maintenance of our mutual Stipulations.

In the mean time I can assureyou, that I have made it my first Care to consult the immediate Interests of these my Kingdoms, preferable to any other Consideration, and at the Hazard of all other Events.

All former Treaties and Conventions, made with Spain, in Favour of our Trade and Navigation, are renewed and confirmed; not only afreeand uninterrupted Exercise of 17

ample Kestitution and Reparation for unlawful Seizures and Depredations are expressly stipulated and agreed to; in general, all Rights, Privileges, and Possessions, in any Manner belonging to me, and my Allies, are solemnly re-established, confirmed, and guarantied, and not one Conecflion is made to the Prejudice of me, or my Subjects.

By this Means a Foundation is laid, for removing all former Animosities and Misunderstandings between the Kingdoms of Great Britain and Spain; and it is not at all to be doubted, but that, by a faithful Execution of our reciprocal Engagements, a perfect Friendship betwixt Two Nations, united by the common Ties of mutual.

Interest, may be more strongly established and cemented, than ever.

And that my Subjects might reap the earliest Fruits of this advantageous Peace, I gave Orders for the immediate Reduction of a great Number of my Land Forces, and for laying up, and discharging, a great Part of my Fleet.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

This will make a cgnsiderable Saving in the F.xpence of the current Year; and I hope, it will give a general Satisfaction to my People, as it is a most sensible Pleasure to me. The proper Estimates shall be laid before you; and I make no doubt, but you will grant me the necessary Supplies, and enable me to make good my Engagements with my Allies, in such Manner, as shall be most effectual for the publick Service, and most easy to your Fellow-subjects.

Y ou will fee, by the Accounts, that will be laid before you, the Sate, Produce, and Application, of the Sinking Fund, as far as hath been hitherto directed by Act of Parliament; and you will not fail to take into your Consideration the further Disposition of the growing Produce.

You are the bed Judges, whether the Circumstances of the Sinking Fund, and of the national Debt, will, as yet, admit of giving any Ease, where the Duties are most grievous. I have the greatest Regard for the Sinking Fund, and I look with Compassion upon the Hardships of the poor Artificers, and Manufacturers: Ileave it to your Determination, what may reasonably, and with due Caution, be done upon this critical Consideration.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

That we may receive the natural Advantages of our present Situation, I mull, in the strongest Manner, recommend to you a perfect Unanimity among yourselves, such, as may intirely defeat the Hopes of our Enemies both at home, and abroad. The groundless Insinuations, Cavils, and Clamours, of some few ill-designing Persons, to (hake the Steadiness of those Powers, who are already my Allies, or to hinder others from becoming so, will by your Unanimity be rendered ineffectual; and I desire, that the Affections of my People may be the Strength of my Government, as their Interest hath always been the Rule of my AdVions, and the Object of my Wilhes.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the Treaty of House, that lie had received his Majesty's Commands to Peace with lay before this House, France ami

Copy of the Treaty of Peace, Friendship, andmutual ^P^0, Defence, between his Majesty, the most Christian King, and the King of Spain, concluded at Seville, November 9th, N. S. 1729; with a Translation of the said Treaty:

And also.

Copy of the separate Articles belonging to the Treaty of Peace, Friendship, and mutual Defence, between his Majesty, the most Christian King, and the King of concluded at Seville, November 9th, N. S. 1729; with a Translation of the said separate Articles.

And Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented the said Papers to the House accordingly, together with a List of them.

And the said Lift was read.

The Translations of the said Treaty and separate Articles are as follow; viz.

In

3 Geo. II.

13° Jatluarii.

393

In the Name of the most holy Trinity, Father, Son, and his Catholick Majesty Eight thousafid Foot; and TrAty of and Holy Ghost, Three distinct Persons, and One Four thousand Horse: If the Party attacked, instead of

only true God.

THEIR most serene Majesties, the King of Great Britain, the most Christian King, and the Catholick King, desiring, with equal Earneftneis, not only to renew, and bind more closely, their ancient Friendship, but like-wife to remove whatever might hereafter disturb it, to the end that, beingunited in Sentiments and Inclination, they may for the future act in every Thing, as having but one

Troops, should demahd Ships of War, or Transports, or §^aia even Subsidies in Money, he shall be free to chuse; and the other Parties shall furnish the said Ships, or Money, in proportion to the Expence of Troops: And, for taking away all Doubt touching the Valuation of the Succours, their abovesaid Majesties agree, that a Thousand Foot shall be computed at Ten thousand Florins Dutch Money, and a Thousand Horse at Thirty thousand Florins;

and the same View and Interest; and, for this Purpose, Mon<7> ty the M°ntb i and the famf Proportion

the most serene King of Great Britain having given fu l be observed with respect to the Ships, that ought to

Power, for treating in his Name, to M. William Stanhope, be fumished; their laid Majesties promising to continuef Vice-chamberlain of his Britanntck Majesty's Houshold, keep Succours, as long as the Trouble

one of his Privy Council, Member of the Parliament of fabfift; and, in case it should be tound necessary*

Great Britain, Colonel of a Regiment of Dragoons, and tl!e,r laid Majesties shall mutually succour each other

his said Majesty's Ambassador extraordinary to hisCatho- w,tb ad their Forces, and shall even declare War against lick Majesty, as also to M. Benjamin Keene, his said Bri- the Aggressor. tannick Majesty's Minister Plenipotentiary to his Catho- 1^rlic!e,

lick Majesty; the most serene most Christain King having The Mimfters of his Britannick Majesty and of his given full Power, for treating in his Name, to the Mar- Christian Majesty, having alleged, that in the Trea*

quis deBrancas, Lieutenant-general of his Armies, Knight *LCS conducted at Vienna, between the Emperor and the of his Orders, and of that of the Golden Fleece, his Lieutenant-general in the Government of Provence, and his Ambassador Extraordinary to his Catholick Majesty; and the most serene Catholick King having likewise giving full Power, for treating in his Name, to M. John Baptist

King

of Spain, in the Year 1725, there were divers Clauses that infringed the Articles of the several Treaties of Commerce, or of the Treaties of Peace, in which Commerce may be concerned, antecedent to the Year

..... 1725; his Catholick Majesty has declared, as he declares

d'Orendayn, Marquis de laPaz, his Councilor of ^"s3te, W the Present Artic,e> that he never meant to grant;

and First Secretary of State and of the Dispatches, and to nor wdl ^ffer to subsist, by virtue of the said Treaties of M. Joseph Patino, Commander of Alcuefca in the Older of any Privilege contrary to the Treaties here above

St. James, Governor of the Council of the Treasury, and confirmed.

of the Tribunals depending thereon, Superintendant-general of the general Revenues, and his Secretary of State, and of the Dispatches, for Affairs of the Marine, the Indies, and the Treasury; the above-mentioned

Article 4th.

It having been agreed by the Preliminary Articles, that the Commerce of the English and French Nations, as well in Europe, as in the Indies, should be re-established

Ministers have agreed between them on the following on the Foot of the Treaties and Conventions, antecedent Articles: v. to the Year 1725, and, particularly, that the Commerce

Article ift. of the English Nation in America should be exercised, a*

There shall be from this Time, and for ever, a solid heretofore; it is agreed by the present Article, that all Peace, a drift Union, and a sincere and constant Friend- necessary Orders shall be dispatched on both Sides, with-ship, between the most serene King of Great Britain, the out *ny it they have not been sent already, as

most serene most Christian King, and the most serene wed *or the Execution of the said Treaties of Commerce*

King of Spain, their Heirs and Successors, as also between their Kingdoms and Subjects, for the mutual Assistance and Defence of their Dominions and Interests: There shall likewise be an Oblivion of all, that is past; and all the former Treaties and Conventions, of Peace, of Friendship, and of Commerce, concluded between the contracting Powers respectively, shall be, as they hereby are, effectually renewed, and confirmed, in all those Points,

as for supplying what may be wanting, for the intire Re-establishment of Commerce on the Foot of the said Treaties and Conventions.

Article 5th.

Although it was stipulated by the Preliminaries, that all Hostilities should cease on both Sides, and that, if any Trouble or Hostilities should happen between the Subjects of the contracting Parties, either in Europe, or in the

which are not derogated from by the present Treaty, in thecont rafting Powers should concur for the Repa

as full and ample a Manner, as if the said Treaties were ration°f Damages, sustained by their respective Subjects* here inserted word for word; their said Majesties pro- and notwithstanding this, it is alleged, that, on the Part

mifing, not to do any thing, nor suffer any thing to be done, that may be contrary thereto, directly or indirectly. Article ad.

In consequence of which Treaties, and in order to establish firmiy this Union and Correspondence, their Britan

of the Subjects of his Catholick Majesty, Acts of Disturbance and Hostilities have been continued j it is agreed by this present Article, that, as to what relates to Europe, his Catholick Majesty shall forthwith cause Reparation to be made for the Damages, which have been suffered there nick, most Christ^‘‘and Catholkk MajestiesV pTomife the Ti, P^fcnbed by the Preliminaries for the and engage, by the present defensive Treaty of Alliance, Ceffat.on of Hostilities; and, as to what relates to Amt* to guaranty reciprocally their Kingdoms, States, and rka\ b* w,b bbewlfe forthwith cause Reparation to be Dominions, under their Obedience, in what Parts of the "?adc rfor the Damages which shall have been suffered World ibever situate, as also the Rights and Privileges of th*re f,nce the Arnval of hls °rders at on the

their Commerce, the whole according to the Treaties; I"rDay of , 1728; and his said Catholick Majesty so that the said Powers, or any one of them, being at- shall publish the most rigorous Prohibitions* for pretacked or molested by any Power, and under any Pretext venting the like Violences on the Part of his Subjects; whatever, they promise and oblige themselves reciprocally, their Britannick and most Christian Majesties proto employ their Offices, as soon as they shall be thereto mifing, on their Part, if there be like Cafes, to cauft required, for obtaining Satisfaction to the Party injured, Reparation to be made for what shall have been so done, and for hindering the Continuance of Hostilities; and, if and to give like Orders for the Prefertation of the Peace, it happen, that the said Offices be not sufficient for pro- Tranquillity, and good Intelligence, curing Satisfaction without Delay, their said Majesties Article 6th.

promise to furnish the followingSuccours, jointly, or fepa- Commissaries shall be nominated, with sufficient Powers,

rately; that is to say, his Britannick Majesty Eight thou- on the Part of their Britannick and Catholick Majesties, land Foot, and Four thousand Horse, his most Christian who shall assemble at the Court of Spain within the Spacc Majesty Eight thousand Foot, and Four thousand Horse, of Four Months after the Exchange of the Ratifications of

You 21. 5G

{j

13* Januarii. A. 1729.

Tra»t» of the present Treaty, or sooner, if it cart be done, to exa5-FnMce^ttd h,'nfe> aiK* decide, what concerns the Ships, and Effects, Spain, taken at Sea on either Side, to the Times specified in the preceding Article: The said Commissaries shall likewise examine, and decide, according to the Treaties, the rc-jfoe&ive Pretensions, which relate to the Abuses, that are supposed to have been committed in Commerce, as well in the India, as in Euro, and all the other respective Pretensions in America, founded on Treaties, whether with respect to the Limits, or otherwise t The laid Commissaries shall likewisedifcufs, and decide, the Pretensions, which his Catholick Majesty may have, by Virtue of the Treaty of 1711, for the Restitution of the Ships, taken by the English Fleet in the Year 1718: And the said Commissaries, after having examined, discussed, and decided, the abovesaid Points, and Pretensions, shall make a Reportof their Proceedings to their and

Catholick Majesties; who promise, that, within the Space of Six Months after the making of the said Report, they will cause to be executed, punctually and exactly, what shall have been so decided by the said Commissaries,

Article 7th.

Commissaries shall likewise be nominated on the Part of his most Christian Majesty, and of his Catholick Majesty, who shall examine all Grievances generally whatsoever, which the said Parries, therein interested, may form re(pe<tivdy, whether for the Restitution of Vessels seized or taken, or with respect to Commerce, Limits, or otherwise.

Article 8th.

The said Commissaries shall finish pun<tually their Commission within the Space of Three Years, or sooner, if it can be done, to be computed from the Day of the signing of the present Treaty, and this, without any further Delay, on any Motive or Pretext whatever.

Article 9th.

The introducing of Garrisons into the Places of horn, Porto-ferraio, Parmaand to the Num-

ber of Six thousand Men of his Catholick Majesty's Troops, and in his Pay, shall be effectuated without Loss of Time; which Troops shall serve for the better securing and preserving of the immediate Succession of the said States in favour of the most serene Infante Don Carlos, and to be ready to withstand any Enterprize and Opposition, which might be formed, to the Prejudice of what has been regulated touching the said Succession.

Article loth.

The contracting Powers shall forthwith use all the Applications, which they shall judge to be confident with the Dignity and Quiet of the most serene Great Duke of Tuf-eany, and the Duke of Parm, to the end the Garrisons

may be received with the greatest Tranquillity, and without Opposition, as soon as they shall present themselves before the Places, into which they are to be introduced.

The said Garrisons shall take an Oath to the present Poffessors, to defend their Persons, Sovereignty, Possessions, and States, and Subjecb, in every thing, that shall not be contrary to the Right of Succession, reserved to the most l'ercne-lnfante Don Carlos; and the present Possessors shall not demand or exact any thing, that is contrary thereto.

The said Garrisons shall not meddle, directly or indirectly, under any Pretext whatsoever, in Affairs of the political, economical, or civil. Government; and shall have most express Orders to render to the most serene Great Duke of Tuscany, and the Duke of all the Respects, and military Honours, that are due to Sovereigns in their own Dominions.

Article 11th.

The Intent of introducing the said Six thousand Men of his Catholick Majesty's Troops, and in his Pay, being to secure to the most serene Infante Don Carlos the immediate Succession of the States of Parma, and

Placentia, his Catholick Majesty promises, as well for himself, as his Successors, that, as soon as the most serene Infante Don Carlos, his Son, or such other, who shall succeed to his Rights, shall be the quiet Possessor of 22

those States, and in Safety from all Invasion, and other just Grounds of Fear, he will cause to be withdrawn from the Places in those States the Troops, which shall be his oWn, and not belonging to the Infante Don or to him, who shall succeed to his Rights, in such manner, that thereby thd said Succession, or Pofiession* may rest secure, and exempt from all Events.

Article latin

The contracting Powers engage to establish, according to the Rights of Succession* which have been stipulated, and to maintain, the most: serene Infartte Don Carlos, or him, to whom his Rights shall devolve, in the Pofiession and Enjoyment of the States of , Parma, and Placentia, when he shall once be settled there; to defend him from all Insult, against any Power whatsoever, that might intend to disturb him; declaring themselves, by this Treaty, Guarantees for ever of the Right, Possession, Tranquillity, and Quiet, of the most serene Infante, and of his Successors to the said States.

Article 13th.

As to other Particulars, or Regulations, concerning the keeping up of the said Garrisons, once established in the States of Tuscany, Parma, and Placentia, as it is to be

presumed, that his Catholick Majesty, and the most serene Great Duke, and Duke of Parma, will settle the same by an Agreement between themselves, their Britan* nick and most Christian Majesties promise, that as soon as that Agreement shall be made, they will ratify and guarranty it, as well to his Catholick Majesty, as to the most serene Great Duke, and Duke of Parma, as if it were inserted word for word in the present Treaty.

Article 14th.

The States General of the United Provirtces shall be invited to come into the present Treaty, and Articles: Such other Powers, as shall be agreed on, shall likewise be invited, and admitted, by Concert, into the same Treaty, and Articles.

The Ratifications of the present Treaty shall be dispatch within the Space of Six Weeks, or sooner, if it can be done, to be reckoned from the Day of signing it.

In Witness whereof, we, the under-written Ministers Plenipotentiaries of his Britannick Majesty, of his most Christian Majesty, and of his Catholick Majesty, by Virtue of our full Powers, which have been communicated to each other, Transcripts of which shall be hereto annexed, have signed the present Treaty, and caused the Seals of our Arms to be affixed thereto. Done at , the Ninth Day of November, 1729.

W. Stanhope. Brancas. El Marqu* de la Paz.

(L.S.) (L.S.) (L.S.)

B. Keene. D. Joseph Patino.

(L.S.) (L.S.)

His Britannick Majesty's full Powers.

Caroline, R. C. R.

CAROLINE, by the Grace of God, Queen of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, &c. Guardian of the Kingdom of Great Britain, and his Britannick Majesty's Lieutenant within the same, to all and singular, to whom these present Letters shall come. Greeting. Whereas, among other the Calamities of these Times, it happened, that Differences arose between the most serene King of Great Britain, &c. our dearest Husband and Lord, and his Allies, and the most serene Catholick King of Spain, which were carried so far, that the Flames of War, just breaking out, could hardly at length be stifled by a preliminary Convention; yet, Almighty God vouchfafingRe-lief to the distressed State of Europe, the Negotiations, set on foot, for restoring the publick Quiet, have been brought to such Maturity, that, on the Part of the Catholick King, Conditions of Peace have been proposed to his Britannick Majesty, and to the most Christian King, which may serve as a Foundation for a Treaty, to which the States General of the United Provinces of the Netherlands, who are joined in Alliance with the last mentioned Kings, will likely accede; left any further Delays, which

might

41

r

Geo. II. 13° JanuarU. 3S5

might happen to be formed, should obstruct the speed'y Completion of a Work, so beneficial, and so long desired, the said moil serene King, our Husband and Lord, has thought it proper, that fume Person of Distinction, equal to such an Employment, should be sent to the Court of the said Catholick King, furnished with his lnftruft ions, and impowered with sufficient Authority, for this Purpose* and having recommended it to our Care, to forward what may be necessary to this End; know ye therefore, that we, reposing great Confidence in the Fidelity, Prudence, Experience, and Sagacity, in transacting Matters of great Importance, of the Right honourable William Stanhope, Esquire, Vice-chamberlain of his Majesty's Houshold, one of his Privy Council, Member of the Parliament of Great Britain, Colonel of a Regiment of Dragoons, and his Majesty's Ambassador extraordinary, as also of Berjamin Keene, Esquire, now acting as his Majesty's Minister Plenipotentiary at the said Court, have nominated, made, and constituted them, as we do by these Presents nominate, make, and constitute, them, to be the true, certain, and undoubted, Commissioners; Procurators, and Plenipotentiaries, on the Part of the most serene King of Great Br, our dearest Husband and Lord; giving and granting, by Virtue of the Authority to us committed, to them jointly, or to either of them, the other being absent, or hindered by Sickness, lull and all Manner ol Power, Licence* and Authority, together with general, as well as special. Order, so as the general do not derogate from the special, and vice to meet and confer with the Ministers of the most serene Kings and States aforesaid, and of any other Princes and States, authorized by a like sufficient Power, and to treat, agree, and conclude, concerning the Conditions of Pacification above-mentioned, and upon them to settle a Convention, Treaty, Alliance, or Agreement, and Articles, either secret, or separate, and to sign the same for his Britannick Majesty, and in his Name, as also to frame, and mutually deliver, and receive, fych and as many Instruments, as may be necessary, upon what shall be concluded, and generally to do and perform all other Things, which are any way necessary, or which in anywise they shall judge convenient, for treating of, and settling, the Conditions of Pacification, as is abovesaid, in as ample Manner and Form, and with the same Force and Effe£l, as the said most serene King, were he present, could do and perform; engaging and promising, in the Name of his said Majesty, that whatever his said Commissioners, Procurators, and Plenipotentiaries, either jointly or separately, shall, by Virtue of these Presents, do, conclude, and sign, his Majesty will approve, ratify, and accept, in the same Manner and Form, wherein they were concluded, and lacredly and inviolably observe the fame, and cause them to be observed by all others whatsoever, as far as in him lies. In Witness, and for the corroborating, of all which, wc have caused the great Seal of Britain to be affixed to these Presents, figoed with our royal Hand. Given at the Palace of his Britannick Majesty at ton, the Nineteenth Day of the Month of in the

Year of our Lord 1729, and in the Third Year of the Reign of his said Majesty.

His most Christian Majesty's full Powers.

LEWIS, by the Grace of God, King of France and Navarre, to all, who shall fee thele present Letters,

Greeting. The Desire we have to contribute, as much as in us lies, to the Maintenance and Security of the publick Tranquillity, and in that View to form new Bands of Union between 11s, our most dear and most beloved Brother and Uncle the King of Spaand our most dear and most beloved Brother the King of Great Britain, having induced us toobserve, with Pleasure, that our said Brothers were disposed to concur, on their Pait, to the Completion of a Work, so useful, and conducive to the general Good of Europe-, we, confiding intirely in the Capacity, Experience, Zeal, and Fidelity, for our Service, of our dear and well-beloved the Marquis de Lieutenant

General of our Armies, Knight of our Orders, arid of that Vol. 2E

of the Golden Fleece, our Lieutenant General in the Treaty oSf Government of Provence, and our Ambassador extraor- P«ce with dinary to our said Brother and Uncle the King of Spain, 4 for these Causes, and other Considerations, moving us thereto, have commissioned, ordered, and deputed, by these Presents, signed with our Hand, commission, order, and depute, the said Marquis de Brancas, and have given and give him full Power, Commission, and special Order, to negociate and treat with the Ministers of our said Brother and Uncle the King of Spain, and with those, or him, of our said Brother the King of Great Britain, authorized by full Powers in due Form, to settle, conclude, and sign, such Treaties, Articles, and Conventions, as the said Marquis de Brancas shall judge to be good; it being our Will, that he act with the same Authority, that we should or might do, were we present in Person, though there should be something, that might require a more special Order, not contained in these Presents; promising, on the Faith and Word of a King, to approve, keep firm and liable for ever, perform, and execute, punctually, all that the said Marquis de Brancas shall stipulate, promise, and sign, by Virtue of our present Power, without ever acting, or suffering to be acted, contrary thereto, for any Cause, or under any Pretext, whatever, as also to cause our Letters of Ratification to be dispatched in due Form, to be exchanged within the Time, that shall be agreed:

For such is our Pleasure. In Witness whereof, we have caused our Seal to be put to these Presents. Given at Versailles, the Seventh Day of September, in the Year of Grace 1729, and of our Reign the Fifth.

Signed, Lewi's.

And underneath,

By the King.

ChaUvelin.

The full Powers of his Catholick Majesty.

DON PHILIP, by the Grace of Gfod, King of Cajlile, Leon, Aragon, the Two Sicilies, Jerusalem,

' Navarre, Granada, Toledo, Valencia, Galicia, Majorca,

Seville, Sardinia, Corduba, Corsica, Murcia, Jaen, the Algarves, A/gezira, Gibraltar, the Canary Islands, the Ecjl and West Indies, the Islands and Terra firma

of the Ocean, Archduke of Austria, Duke of Burgundy,

Brabant, and Milan, Count of Habfpourg, Flanders,

Tirol, and Barcelona, Lord of Biscay and Molina, &c.

Whereas we are desirous to contribute, on our Part, as. much as possible to the Establishment and Support of the publick Tranquillity, which has been disturbed by divers Accidents of the Times, tending greatly to foment a fatal War; and, having regard to the earnest Desires of an universal Peace, which, on the Part of our Brother and Nephew the most Christian King, have been made known to us, accompanied by the incessant Insinuations of our Brother the King of Great Britain, we became disposed to bring on a Conclusion, on certain Conditions; and being informed, that the said Kings are equally dise poled to concur, on their Part, in a Work, so conducive to the Good of Europe, in order to which, there are now at this Court, Lewis Marquis de Brancas, Lieutenant General of the Armies of the most Christian King;

Knight of his Orders, and of the famous Order of the Golden Fleece, Lieutenant General in the Government of Provence, and his Ambassador extraordinary, William Stanhope, Esquire, Vice-chamberlain of his Britannick Majesty's Houshold, one of his Privy Council, Member of the Parliament of Great Britain, Colonel of a Regiment of Dragoons, and his Ambassador extraordinary, and Benjamin Keene, Esquire, Minister Plenipotentiary of his Britannick Majesty; we have resolved, upon the particular Confidence we have in you, Don Baptist de Orendayn, Marquis de la Paz, our Counsellor of State, and First Secretary of State and of the Dispatches, and in you, Don Joseph Patino, Commander of AJcuefca in the Order of St. James, Governor of the Council of the Treasury, and its Tribunals, Superintendant General of the general Revenues, our Secretary of State, and of the Dispatches, for the Affairs of the Marine, the Indies, and the

Tretly of Peace with France and Spain.

396 13 Januarii. A. 1729.

the Treasury, to chuse and nominate you, as by Virtue of these Frefents wetdo nominate yob, giving you as full Power, Licence, and Authority, as is necessary and proper, that for us, and in our Name, fepresenting our own Person, you may hear, ptopose, consent, assent, agree, and sign, with the said Marquis M.

Stanhope, and M. Benjamin Keene, jointly or separately, all, that you shall deem to be just, and proper for our Service, for the Good of our Kingdoms, and the greater Security and Duration of the Union, good Correspondence, and Alliance, which we deflre toestablish between them, those of France, and those of England; and that, in order thereto, you may be able to do whatever we Khould or might do, although it may be of such a Nature, as might require a more special Power and Commission, and to oblige us to perform the fame: We do therefore declare, and give our Faith and royal Word, that, whatever shall be done, transa&ed, and concerted, by you, the said Marquis de la Paz, and Don with the said Marquis de Brancas, M. William Stanhope, and M. Benjamin Keene, jointly or separately, from this Time forward, we do consent to, approve, and accept, and will hold for good in all Time coming; and we oblige ourselves to abide by, and maintain, the fame, as a Thing done in our Name, by our Will, and royal Authority: We also oblige ourselves, within the time limited, that we shall be specified therein, according to Custom, to approve and ratify in due Form, with the requisite, necessary, and usual, Powers, and Oaths, all, that, by Virtue of these Presents, shall be concluded and agreed, generally and particularly, to the end it may be valid and established now, and at all Times. In Confirmation of which, we have caused these Presents to be dispatched, signed with our Hand, sealed with the Privy Seal, and counter-signed by my under-written Secretary of State and of the Dispatches. Given at Seville, the Fifth of November 17 29.

I, the King.

Don Joseph Rodrigo.

Separate Articles.

Article tft.

ALTHOUGH, conformably to the preliminary Articles, it is laid in the Fourth Article of the Treaty, signed this Day, that the Commerce of the Nation

in America should be re-established on the foot of the Treaties and Conventions, antecedent to the Year 1725; however, for the greater Exactness, it is further declared by the present Article between their Britannick and Ca-tholick Majesties, which shall have the same Force, and be under the same Guaranty, as the Treaty, signed this Day, that under that general Denomination are comprehended the Treaties of Peace, and of Commerce, concluded at Utrecht the 13th of , and 9th of,

in the Year 1713, in which are comprized the Treaty of 1667,made at Madrid, and the Ced ulas therein mentioned; the latter Treaty, made at Madrid the 14th of December,

1715; as also the particular Contract, commonly called the

Affienlo, for bringing Negro Slaves into the Spanish , which was made the 26 th Day of March, in the said Year 1713, in consequence of the Twelfth Article of the Treaty of Utrecht; and likewise the Treaty of Declaration touch-

ing that of the Ajfiento, made the a6th of May 1716: All which Treaties, mentioned in this Article, with their Declarations, shall from this Day, even during the Examination by the Commissaries, be and remain in their Force, Virtue, and full Vigour; for the Observation of which his Catholick Majesty shall cause to be dispatched forthwith, if they have not been dispatched, the necessary Orders, and Cedulas, to his Vice-roys, Governors, and other Ministers, to whom it shall appertain, as well in Europe, as in the Indies, to the end that, without any Delay or Interpietation, they may cause them to be observed and fulfilled.

In like manner his Bdtannick Majesty promises and engages to publish the necessary Orders, if any be wanting, for ie-establishing the Commerce of the Subjects of Spain

in all the Countries under his Dominion, on the foot specified by the said Treaties, and for causing them to be exactly observed and fulfilled.

' Article ad.

Consequently, all Ships, Merchandize, and Effects, which shall not have been taken or seized on account of unlawful Commerce, and which shall now be proved, by authentick Proofs and Documents, to have been detained, seized, or confiscated, in the Ports of Spain, either in Europe, or in the Indies, and, namely, the Ship Prince Frederick, and her Cargo, if they have not been restored already, shall be immediately reftofed, in the same Kind, as to those Things, which shall be found still remaining in that Condition, or, in Default thereof, the just and true Value of them, according to their Valuation, which, if it was not made at the time, shall be regulated by the authentick Informations, which the Proprietors shall exhibit to the Magistrates of the Places and Towns, where the Seizures were made; his Britannick Majesty promising the like, on his Part, as to all Seizures, Confiscations, of Detentions, which may have been made, contrary to the Tenor of the said Treaties; their said Britannick and Catholick Majesties agreeing, that with respect to the like Seizures, Confiscations, or Detentions, on either Side, the Validity of which may not yet have been sufficiently made out, the Discussion and Decision of them shall be referred to the Examination of the Commissaries, to do therein according to Right, upon the foot of the Treaties here above mentioned.

The present separate Articles shall have the (ame Force, as if they were inserted word for word in the Treaty, concluded and signed this Day; they shall be ratified in the same Manner; and the Ratification of them shall be exchanged at the same time, as those of the said Treaty.

In Witness whereof, we, the under-written Ministers Plenipotentiaries of his Britannick Majesty, of his most Christian Majesty, and of his Catholick Majesty, by Virtue of our full Powers, have signed the present separate Articles, and caused the Seals of our Arms to be put thereto.

Done at Seville, the 9th Day of November 1729.

IV. Stanhope. Brancas. El Marq' de la Paz,

(L. S.) (L. S) (L.S.)

B. Keene, D. Joseph Patino.

(L. S.) (L. S.)

A Motion being made, and the Question being pro- Addition posed, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, congratulating his Majesty upon his happy Return *"' into these Kingdoms, and upon the just and prudent Ad-niinistration of the Government by the Queen, during his Absence; and to return his Majesty the Thanks of this House, for his most gracious Speech from the Throne; to expressour most dutiful and grateful Acknowlegements for his Resolution, and Wisdom, in surmounting all Difficulties and Obstructions, and concluding, in Conjunction with his Allies, an honourable and advantageous Peace with the Crown of Spain, to the Joy and Satisfaction, of all his Majesty's good People, and with so just and reasonable a Prospect and Expectation of seeing the general Tranquillity of Europe settled and established; to declare the higheftSenfe of Duty and Gratitude to his Majesty, for his particular Care of, and Regard to, the Prosperity of these his Kingdoms, in procuring a Renewal, Confirmation, and Guaranty, of all former Treaties,* made with the Crown of Spam, in favour of our Trade and Commerce, and for the Security of all Rights, Privileges, and Possessions, belonging to his Majesty, and his Allies, and for stipulating just and ample Restitution, and Reparation, for unlawful Seizures and Depredations, hitherto made, with a free and uninterrupted Exercise of our Commerce for the future; to allure his Majesty, that, if, contrary to Expectation, and in Resentment of his Majesty'sjustand prudent Measures, any new Troubles should be raised in Europe, to oppnfe, or disappoint, the Execution of the Engagements, which his Majesty has now entered into, this House, from the strongest Ties of Duty, Affection, and Gratitude, and in return to his Majesty's

great

3 Geo. II. 13 0 januarii:397

great Goodness, in consulting the immediate Interests of thef'e his King<loms, preferable to all other Confklerations, and at the Hazard of all other Events, will stand by and support his Majesty against all Insults and Indignities, which shall be offered to him, and will effectually enable his Majesty to make good his Engagements with his Allies; to return his Majesty the Thanks of this House, for the immediate Reduction of so considerable a Part of his Forces by Sea and Land; and to adore his Majesty, that this House will, by the belt and most easy Methods, effectually raise the necessary Supplies for tile Service of the current Year, and will take into Consideration, with a due Regard to Prudence and Equity, the State of the Sinking Fund, as recommended by his Majesty in so gracious and condescending a Manner; and that this House will, by a proper Zeal and Concern for the Honour of his Majesty, the publick Tranquillity, and the Good of his People, defeat the vain Expectation of such ill-designing Persons, who may flatter themselves with the Hopes of being able, by groundless Insinuations, Cavils, and Clamours, to (bake the Stcadincfs of those Powers, who are already Allies to his Majesty, or to hinder others from becoming so;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out from the Word "Throne," in the First Paragraph, to the End of the Question, and, instead thereof, to insert these Words, " and to allure his Majesty of the steady and zealous Attachment of this " House to his royal Person, Government, and Family; " and that this House will effectually support his Majesty " in al] Measures, which shall be necessary for the Honour " and Dignity of his Crown, and for the Interests and " Welfare of his People."

And the Question being put, That the Words, proposed to be left out, stand Part of the Question j

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

TeUcrsfoMheYca^1^ j

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Quest on being [rut;

Resolved, That an humble Add rets be presented to his Majesty, congratulating his Majesty upon his happy Return into thele Kingdoms, and upon the just and prudent Administration of the Government by the Queen, during his Absence; and to return his Majesty the Thanks of this House for his most gracious Speech from the 1 hrone: To express our most dutiful and grateful Ackncwlcgements for his Resolution and Willlom, in surmounting ah Difficulties and Obstructions, and concluding, in Conjunction with his Allies, an honourable and advantageous Peace with the Crown of Spain, to the Joj and Satisfaction of all his Majesty's g rod People, and with so just and reasonable a Prol'pect and Expectation of seeing the general Tranquillity of Europe settled and established: To declare the highest Sente of Duty and Gratitude to his Majesty, for his particular Care of, and Regard to, the Prosperity of thele his Kingdoms, in procuring a Renewal, Confirmation, and Guaranty, of all former Treaties, made with the Crown of Spain, in favour of our Trade and Commerce, and for the Security of all Rights, Privileges, and Possessions, belonging to his Majesty, and his Allies, and for stipulating just and simple Restitution, and Reparation, for unlawful Seizures and Depredations, hitherto made, with a flee and uninterrupted Exercise of our Commerce for the future: To allure his Majesty, that, if, contrary to Expectation, and in Resentment of his Majesty's just and prudent Measures, any new Troubles should be raised in Europe, to oppose, or disappoint, the Execution of the Engagements, which his Majesty has now entered into, this House, from the strongell Ties of Duty, Affection, and Gratitude, and in return to his Majesty's great Goodnels, in confuting the immediate Interests of thefie his Kingdoms, preferable to all other Considerationsj Vo l. 21;

and at the Hazard of all other Events, will stand by and support his Majesty against all Intuits and Indignities, which shall be offered to him, and will effectually enable his Majesty ro make good his Engagements with his Allies: To return his Majesty the Thanks of this House for the immediate Reduction of so considerable a Part of his Forces by Sea and Land; and to assure his Majesty, that this House will, by the belt and most easy Methods; effectually raise the necessary Supplies for the Service of the current Year, and will take into Consideration, with a due Regard to Prudence and Equity, the State of the Sinking Fund, as recommended by his Majesty in so' gracious and condescending a Manner; and that this House will, by a proper Zeal and Concern for the Honour of his Majesty, the publick Tranquillity, and the Good of his People, defeat the vain Expectation of such ill-designing Persons, who may flatter themselves with the Hopes of being able, by groundless Insinuations, Cavils, and Clamours, to (bake the Steadinels of those Powers, who are already Allies to his Majesty, or to hinder others from becoming so.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed, to draw up an Address to be presented to his Majesty, upon the said Resolution:

And it is referred to Lord Lord Tyrconnel,

Lord Gage, Colonel Onflozv, Mr. Mr. Ogle-

thorpe, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Holland, Lord How', Lord Micklethzvaite, Mr. Andrezvs, Sir Edmund Bacon,

Sir IVm. Tonge, Mr. Jacomh, Mr. Scrope, Mr. Ash, Mr.

Metcalfe, Sir Charles Hot hath, Mr. Earle, Mr. Huxley, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Attorney-general, Sir Geo.

Mr. Crojfe, Mr. Secretary at War, Sir IVm. Strickland, Mr. Cary, Mr. Conduit, Mr. Fane, Mr. PI umpire. General Ross, Mr. Hacks, Mr. Glanville, Sir Thomas or any Five of them: And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That his Majesty's most gracious Speech be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, in the Room ot Edmund Halsey, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Ci; rk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Btirgel -, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Banbury, in the County of Oxon, in the room.of the honourable Francis North, Esquire, now Lord Guildford, called up to the House ot Peers.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the clecting a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament f.<r the Borough of Bcflon, in the County of Lincoln, irt the Room of Henry Pacey, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough ot Apulby, in the County of ejlmor-land, in the room of the honourable Tufton,

Esquire, now Earl of Thanet, called up to the House of Peers.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Andover, in the County of Southampton, in the room of the Right honourable Charles Coltyear, Esquire (commonly called Lord now Earl of Portmore,a Peer of Great Britain.

And then the House adjourned till To-morrohfr Morning, Nine of the Clock.

5 ii

Southwark

Writ.

Banbury

Wiic.

Boftori

Writ.

Apulby

Writ.

Andover

Writ.

Grind

Committee*.

tJfual

Orders.

59s

14° Janu.

A. 1729.

Mercurii, 14* Januarii -}

Anno 3* Georgii IId‘ Regis, 1729.

RATERS.

fiRDEREB, That the grand Committee for Rteligiott do fit every Ttiefday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the grand Committee for Grievances do fit every Thursday, in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Constables in Waiting do take care, there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in Westminster-hall, or the Passages leading to the House, during the fitting of Parliament; and that there be no Annoyance by Chairmen, Footmen* or otherwise, therein, of thereabouts.

Ord&ed, That the said Orders be sent to the High Bailiff of Westminster; and that he do fee the same put

in Execution.

Ordered, That the grand Committee for Courts of Justice do fit every Saturday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the grand Committee for Trade do fit every Friday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That ho Footmen be permitted to be within the Lobby of the House, or upon the Stairs leading thereto.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, do take Care, there be no Gaming, or other DifordeiS, in the Room, now fitted up for the Footmen, Resolved, That no Peer of this Realm hath any Right attending the Members of this House, to wait in to give his Vote in the Election of any Member to serve Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms* attending thii in Parliament. House, do take into his Custody such Footmen, as

Resolved, That, where the House shall judge any shall prefuthe to disobey the Orders of the House j and Petition, touching Elections, to be frivolous and vexa- J^at ino *uc}1 Footmen be discharged out of Cuuody, tious, the House will order Satisfaction to be made to "tit ®y the special Order of the House*

Ordered, That, to prevent the intercepting, or losing, of Letters, directed to Members of this House, the Person, appointed to bring Letters from the General Post Office to this House, or some other Person, to be ap-

she Person petitioned against.

Resolved, That, in case it shall appear, any Person hath procured himself to* be elected, or returned, a

Member of this House, or endeavoured so to be, by __________^ __________t

Bribery, or any other corrupt Practices, this House will pointed by the Postmaster-general, do, for the future, proceed with the utmost Severity against such Person. every Day, during the Session of Parliament, Sundays Resolved, That, if it shall appear, that any Person ^cepted, constantly attend from Ten of the Clock in hath been tampering with any Witness, in respect of his t, Morriing till One in the Afternoon, and for Two Evidence to be given to this House, or any Committee a* ^a^ immediately after the Rising of the

thereof, or directly or indirectly hath endeavoured to ,5*, an" a"? on Friday, and

deter or hinder any Person frotn appearing, or giving from Five of the Clock in the Afternoon till

Evidence, the same is declared to be a high Crime and 5e. jC?' at t ie Flace appointed for the Delivery of the Misdemeanor, and this House will proceed with the . Letters, and take care, during his Stay there, to

utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That if it shall appear, that any Person hath given false Evidence in any same before this House, or any Committee thereof, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That it is a high Infringement of the Liberties and Privileges of the Commons of Great for any Lord of Parliament, or any Lord Lieutenant of any County, to concern themselves in the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament.

deliver the same to the several Members, to whom they shall be directed, or to their known Servants, or others, bringing Notes under the Hands of the Members fending for the fame.

Ordered, That the said Officer do, upon his going away, lock up such Letters, as shall remain undelivered; and that no Letter be delivered, but within the Hours aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the Postmaster-general.

Ordered, That, when any Letter, or Paquet, directed to this House, shall come to Mr. Speaker, he do open the fame, and acquaint the House, at their next Sitting, with the Contents thereof, if proper to be communicated to this House.

Ordered, That the Votes of this House be printed, Vote, to be being first perused by Mr. Speakerj and that hedoappoint Print<d-the printing thereof; and that no other Person, but such

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, do, from time to time, take into his Custody any Stranger or Strangers, that he shall see, or be informed of to be, in the House, or Gallery, while the House, or any Committee of the whole House, is fitting; and that no Person, so taken into Custody, be discharged out of Custody, without the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That the Back-door of the Speaker's Chamber as he shall appoint, do presume to print the fame, be locked up every Morning, at the fitting of the House, and the Key delivered to the Clerk, to be locked up by him; and that he do not presume to deliver the same to any Person whatsoever, without Order of the House:

And that the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House,

do take care to clear the Speaker's Chamber every Day, do acquaint him therewith, before the Door is locked up.

Ordered, That no Member of this House do presume to bring any Stranger or Strangers into the House, or Gallery thereof, while the House is fitting.

Ordered, That the Reverend Dotftor Croxal be desired to preach before this House at St.

upon the Thirtieth Day of this instant January, and that Mr. Plumtre, Sir James 'Thornhill, and Mr. Geers,

Dr. Crock) to preach on 30 jao.

Ordered, That the Constables, and other Officers, of

A Petition of Sir John Lambert, Baronet, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that at the last Election for Two Burgesses, to serve in Parliament for Westbury, in the County of Wilts* Francis Annesley, and John Hojkins Gifford, Esquires, the Petitioner, and

Weflbury

Ekttion,

Middlesex and Westminster, do take care, that, from Ten thony Esquire, since deceased, were Candidates;

of the Clock in the Morning to Four in the Afternoon, and the Petitioner had a great Majority of legal Votes, during this Session of Parliament, the Passages through was duly elected, and ought to have been returned; the Streets, between Temple-Bar and Westminster-hall, but Mr. Annesley and Mr. Hojkins Gifford, by corrupt shall be kept free and open; and that no Obstruction be and illegal Practices, did influence and prevail on several made by Cars, Drays, Carts, or otherwise, to hinder the Voters to vote for them, and also on James Clift, the

Fafl'age of the Members to and from this House; and that the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, do give Notice of this Order to the Officers aforesaid.

Mayor, and one of the returning Officers, to return them, as duly elected, in wrong to the Petitioner: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered,

£3

u!

;ir

tie

ta

F

at

i.a

cn

tb

Fi

PI;

ftl

hi

IT.

til

3 Geo. II. 140 jfanuarii. 399

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con4 (ideralion of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the iMatter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

9

A Petition of Solomon Ashley, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner, as also William Bowles, and James , were Candi-

dates at the last Election of Members, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of '; and the Petitioner had an undoubted Majority of legal Votes $ but Andrew Warren and Samuel the Bailiffs of the said Borough, rejetted several legal Votes for the Petitioner, and admitted several to vote against him, that had no Right; and have illegally returned the said Mr. Bowles and Mr. Pelham, in (lead of the Petitioner: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and resport the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Robert Swafey, Joseph John

Henry Moss, Richard Hall, Lionel Parsons, Samuel,

William Bishop, Thomas Hardy, John , Henry,

Anthony Morris, and William , on the behalf cf

themselves, and many others, that have a Right of voting for eletting Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Bridport, in the County of , was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the antient and undoubted Right of voting for Members, to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, is in the B lilifts, Burgesses, and Commonalty, who are Housholders, commonly called Potwallers; and the Petitioners were duly qualified as such, to vote at the last Elettion, and their Names, with many others, were entered on the Poll, then taken by Andrew , and Samuel Davie,

the then Bailiffs of the said Borough, without any Objection, nor did any Person offer to vote under any other Right: That Alexander Pitfie, Solomon Ashley, Wm. Boivles, and James Pelham, Esquires, were Candidates at the last Elettion; and Mr. and Mr. Ashley

had a Majority of such legal Votes, as aforesaid: That, on closing the Poll, the said Bailiffs adjourned, without the Consent of Mr. Pitfield and Mr. Ashley, from One to Five a Clock, declaring, they would then return to the Place of Elettion, and proceed to a Scrutiny; and accordingly the Bailiffs, with Mr. Bowles and Mr. Pelham, returned; but, without calling, or adjourning, the Assembly, withdrew themselves into another Room, and madefaft the Door; and, having tarried there some time, the said Bailiffs returned, and declared Mr. Bowles and Mr. Pelham to be duly eletted: That the Petitioners have since obtained a Copy of the said Poll, and find, that they, with about One hundred more qualified Persons, are rejetted, under a Pretence, that the Right of Elettion is only in the Inhabitants paying Scotland Lot, contrary to the Right of Elettion settled by the House, and tending to destroy t he fundamental Privileges of the said Borough: And praying such Relief in the Premises, as shall be thought meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Knox Ward, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner flood as a Candidate at the Elettion of Members, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Melcomb Regis, in the County of Dorset', and the Petitioner had a Majority of legal Votes; but by the partial Management of John Tucker, the then Mayor, and Thomas,

the Town-clerk of the said Borough, and by Bribery, and other indirett Practices, Sir James Thornhill, Knight, and William Betts, Esquire, have procured themselves to be unduly returned, to the Petitioner's Prejudice; and Vy l. 81.

the Petitioner infills* that Mr. Belts is ntit qualified to fit in Parliament: And praying the Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the eletting a Knight of the Shire* to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Huntingdon, in the room of the Right honourable William Cavendish, Esquire, commonly called Marquis of Harrington, now Duke of Devonshire, called up to the House of Peers.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrartt to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the eletting a Commissioner, to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Selkirk, in the Room of John Pringle, Esquire, who, since his Elettion for the said Shire, hath accepted the Office of one of the Lords of Session in Scotland.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the eletting a fiurgels, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Weobly, in the County of Hereford, in the room of John Birch, Esquire, Serjeant at Law, who, since his Elettion for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Cursitor Baron of his Majesty's Court ot Exchequer at Westminster.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Scarborough, in the County of in the room of John Hungerjord, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the eletting a Burge's, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Pontefract, in the County of Turk, in the room ol John Lowilier, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the eletting a Citizen, to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Winchester, in the County of , in

the room of the Right honourable Wm. Esquire,

commonly called Lord Wm. Powlett, deceased.

A Petition of Paul Torras, Mourgue, Edward

Oldenburgh, and Cafar le Maijlre, Gentlemen, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that the Petitioners are Persons born out of his Majesty's Allegiance, but are Protestants; and praying that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for their Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Sir Richard Lane and Mr. Winningtoti do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the GentleitiSn, Freeholders, Merchants, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants of the several Towns of Wisbech and March, in the Hie of Ely and County of Cambridge, was presented to the House, and read) setting forth, that the antient Road between the said Towns, particularly between March Chain, and Guihirne, which is a Way upon Sufferance, and for which a Toll is taken, is become dangerous, and aimost impafiable, ocafioned by great Numbers of Cattle driven, and large Quantities of Provisions carried, that Way; and that a nearer, and much more commodious Road may be made between the said Towns, at a small Expence, from Marsh Common to Guihirne', and that the Proprietors of the Lands between those Places are consenting to dispose of a sufficient Part thereof for the Purposes aforesaid, for reasonable Confederations;

Huntingdon

Writ.

Selkirk

Writ.

Weobly

Writ,

ScarbdroiigH

Writ.

PontefraH.

Writ.

Winchester

Writ.

TornU', &c. Nat.

\$*i<bech,&c.

Roadi.

tiverpoolc

Election.

Great

Varli.w

Election.

406

14° Janua

A. 1729.

rations; but the same cannot be done without the Aid of Parliament, by reason of the Infancy o Dixon,

one of the said Proprietors: And therefore praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for erecting a Turnpike or Turnpikes, and appointing a Toll, for making the said Road, and keeping the same in Repair, and also all the antient Road through the said Town of MarJIi, and for enabling the said Inf in t to convey his Part of the said Lands for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration ofa Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Shepheard, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Mr. Brooksbank,

Mr. Fane, Mr. Martin, Mr. Cunningham, Mr.

General Sabine, Sir Wm. Willys, Mr. Lloyd, Sir Wilfrid Lawson, Mr. Earle, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Handafyde, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Ke/fall, Mr. Metcalfe, Mr. Scrope, Sir Wm. St. Quintin, Sir Charles Turner, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Pi inner, Mr. Alderman Parsons, Mr. Moore, Mr. Crowle, Mr. Parsons, Sir Tho. Hales, Sir Richard Lane, Mr. Pleydell-, and all the Members, that serve for the Counties of Cambridge, Lincoln, Huntingdon, Bedford, Norfolk, Suffolk, and the City of Coventry: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Thomas Brereton, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that the Petitioner, and Sir Thomas Af on, Hood Candidates at the lad Election

ofa Burgess, to serve in this Parliament for the Borough of Liverpoole, com' La-icaster; and the Petitioner was duly

eleffed by a Majority of legal Voters; but Mr. Blundell, then Mayor, Mr. Geo. Tyree, and Mr. Wm. Chesfhyre, who were the returning Officers, were guilty of several illegal Practices, allowing several Persons to poll again for Sir Thomas Aflonwho had polled before, and were objeffed against by the Petitioner, the Officers alleging, they might bcllruck off on a Scrutiny, which

J'et was denied, though the Petitioner demanded the ame; and many legal Voters were refused to poll, that would have voted for the Petitioner; and the returning Officers, f >on after their Refusal, and while several others offered to vote for the Petitioner, withdrew from the Place of taking the Poll, without making Proclamation, ipto the Mayor's private Court, and then declared S:r Tho. Aston duly eleffed, though, in sass, the Petitioner

was so: That by these, and other illegal Praffices, and, particularly, by promilingto indemnify the said returning Officers, as the Petitioner is credibly informed, and believes, the said Sir Thom is Aston hath procured him-seif to be returned, in Prejudice to the Petitioner, and the Rights and Liberties of the said Borough: And

O u

praying Relief therein.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas, Mn

f IV

S> ( Mr. St. Quintin:

111.

Tellers for the Noes

1

55-

Mr. New land,

Mr.:

So it was rcfalved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Matter of<he said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House, upon the Fifth Day

of March next.

A Petition of Sir John Grip Baronet, was presented

to the House, and read; letting forth, that at the late F.lession of Members, to serve in this Parliament for the Borough of Great Marlow, ' Bucks, the Petitioned Edmund Waller, and John Covering, Esquires, flood Candidates: That the Petitioner had a legal Majority of Votes, and ought to have been returned, as one duly

eleff ed; but Mr. Clavering, and his Agents, by notorious Bribery, and other undue Praff ices, procured hirr.fdf to be returned a Burgess for the said Borough, in Violation of the Laws of Eleff ions, and the Prejudice of the Petitioner: And praying the Justice of the House in the Premises.

And a Motion being made, and the Quession being put, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

I 74.

Tellers for the Noes, j JJj/ } 1

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put. That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do hear the Matter of the said Petition upon this Day Three Weeks;

It passed in the Negative.

The Lord Fitz-william reported from the Committee, appointed Yesterday to draw up an Address, to be presented to his Majesty; that the Committee had drawn up an Address accordingly, which they had direffed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as follows; vPz.

Most gracious Sovereign,

We, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, return your Majesty our most humble Thanks for your most gracious Spceeh from the Throne.

We, cannot omit taking this first Opportunity to congratulate your Majesty upon your happy Return into these Kingdoms. The just and prudent Administration of the Government, during your Majesty's Absence, by the Queen, your royal Contort, ruling by your Authority, and governing by your Example, could alone compen-fate for the Want of your toyal Presence, and aulpicious Influence, among us.

The welcome News of your Majesty's having concluded an absolute Peace with the Crown of Spain, effected by a perfeff Union, Harmony, and Fidelity, between your Majesty, and your Allies, filled the Hearts of all your good People with inexpressible Joy and Satisfaction; and we should be wanting in Du;y to your Majesty, in Justice to ourselves, and not answer the Expeffatrms of those we represent, if we did not approach your Majesty, upon this happy Occasion, with Hearts full of Duly and Gratitude, and with the strongest Acknowlegements ot your Majesty's Goodness, Wisdom, and Resolution; your Wisdom and Resolution, in not suffering yourself to be diverted, by any falle malicious Clamours and Insinuations, from steadily pursuing the great and desirable Work of giving Peace to your People; your Goodnef, in consulting the immediate Interests of these your King*-doir.s, preferable to all other Considerations, and at the Hazard of all other Events.

This must convince the Woild of your Majesty's paternal Care and tender Regard for your Dominion?, when we fee all former Treaties, made in Favour of our Trade and Commerce, and for the Security of the Rights, Privileges, and Post'essions, belonging to your Majesty, renewed, and confirmed; when we lee the Crown of Spain under new and fresh Obligations to your Majesty, not only to permit to your Subjects a free and uninterrupted Exercise of their Trade and Commerce for the future, but to make just and ample Restitution and Reparation for all former unlawful Seizures and Depredations.

The Extension of former Engagements, without any material Alterations in the principal Articles from the

Purport

A Mrffs on

Kmo'i S; etch.

Geo. II. 14® — 15'

Purport and Intentions of former Treaties, in order to obtain these great and truly valuable Advantages, without one Concession made to the Prejudice of your Majesty,

or your Subjects, is a Confederation, that, to reject, had been losing the fairest Opportunity to recover the antient Freedom and Liberty of Trade and Commerce to these Kingdoms; and not faithfully to fulfil, and execute, what is stipulated, on your Majesty'* Part, to secure a reciprocal Performance, from your Majesty's Allies, of the Engagements, they have entered into, would be abandoning the particular Interests and Properties of your Majesty's trading Subjects, and to expose the Trade and Commerce of this Nation to all the Hazards and Incertainties which they have fb long laboured under.

These Blessmgs, secured to us, will sufficiently compensate all Inconveniencies, that can attend the Performance of your Majesty's Engagements; and as it is justly to be presumed, that a general Pacification and Tranquillity in Europe will be the Consequence of the present Treaty, the Prospect of seeing this soon complete, and perfected, adds greatly to our Satisfaction.

But if, contrary to Expectation, and in Resentment to your Majesty's just and prudent Measures, any new Troubles should be raised in Europe, to oppose, or disappoint, the Execution of the present Engagements, we think ourselves obliged by the strongest Ties of Duty, Affection, and Gratitude, to affine your Majesty, that we will stand by and support your Majesty against all Insults and Indignities, that shall be offered to your Majesty, and that we will enable you to make good your Engagements with your Allies.

The immediate Reduction of so considerable a Part of your Forces by Sea and Land, upon the first Notice of 1 the Confirmation of the Peace, is another Instance of your Majesty's Care and Attention to the Ease and Welfare of your People; and the recommending to our Consideration the State of the Sinking Fund, in so gracious and condescending a Manner, obliges us to proceed with all possible Caution and Prudence in an Affair of that Nicety and Importance, where the earlier Discharge of the national Debt on one hand, and the Hardships of the poor Artificers and Manufacturers on the other, require the greatest Regard, and deserve the most mature Deliberation.

From a due Sense of these many Proofs of your Majesty's unwearied Endeavours to consult the Happiness of your People, we think ourselves obliged toaffure your Majesty, that this House will, by the best and most easy Methods, effectually raise the necessary Supplies for the Service of the current Year; and by a proper Zeal and ! Concern for the Honour of your Majesty, the publick

Tranquillity, and the Good of your People, defeat the 1 vain Expedition of such ill-designing Persons, who may

flatter themselves with the Hopes of being able, by groundless Insinuations, Cavils, and Clamours, to shake the Steadiness of those Powers, who are already Allies to your Majesty, or to hinder others from becoming so.

! The said Address, being read a Second time, was,

upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House, as are of his Majesty's most honourable Privy Council, do humbly know his Majesty's Pleasure, when he will be attended by this House.

TkKinj'j Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning,

5p«ch to be take into Consideration his Majesty's most gracious erst' Speech to both Houses of Parliament.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vol. 81.

1

1 Jannum* 40!

Jovis, 15° die*Januaru;

Anno 3® Georgii IP1 Regis, 172$.

PkAYERS.

MR. Secretary at War reported to the House, that The King

his Majesty having been waited upon, pursuant to appoint* w __ the Ordet of Yesterday, humbly to know, when he( eatten<* would please to be attended by this House; his Majesty* had been pleased to appoint this Afternoon, at Two of the Clock, at his Palace of Si. James.

A Petition of Sir William Pole, Baronet, was presented Honjton

to the House, and read; setting forth, that at the last Elea, on* Election of Members, to serve in this Parliament for the Borough of Honiton, com' Devon, Sir Tonge, Knight,

James Shepheard, Serjeant at Law, and the Petitioner, were Candidates: That Mr. Serjeant Shepheard, and his Agents, by Bribery, and other indirect Practices, procured several Votes, and prevailed on the Fprtreve to allow him several Votes, who had no Right, and to disallow several Voters, for the Petitioner, who had a Right to vote; and yet the Petitioner had a Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned; but the Portreve hath returned Serjeant Shepheard, in Prejudice to the Petitioner: And praying the Justice of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Sir Wm. Codrington, Baronet, was pre- Minehead fented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner, Alexander Lutterell, and Francis,

Etquires, stood Candidates, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Minehead com' Somtrjet; and

upon Monday, the 14th of August, 1727, John Jones and Henry Blake, the Two Constables and returning Officers for the said Borough, received the Precept from the Sheriff of the said County, for the electing, and returning, Members for the said Borough; That about Six a Clock, in the Evening of the same Day, the Constables duly made Proclamation in the Market-place, in the Presence of the Candidates, that they would proceed to the Election on the next Saturday following; but, whilst they were making a second Proclamation, the Precept and Proclamation were forcibly taken from the Constable Jones, and given to the other Constable Blake; who,

'without the Consent of the Petitioner, or the said Jones, adjourned to another Place, and declared the Election to be on Thursday then next, which was not Three Days

Notice, although by Act of Parliament Four Days Notice at the least is expressly directed to be given: That Blake proceeded to the Election on the said though the said Jones and the Petitioner, Sir publickly forbid and protested against t he fame, and no Votert then appeared for the Petitioner: That Jones proceeded to the Election on the said Saturday, when the Petitioner was duly elected; of whom the said Jones made a due Return to the Sheriff, which he refused to receive; but accepted the Return, made by Blake (affixed to the Pre« cept, so forcibly gotten as aforesaid' of Mr. Lutterell and Mr. Whitworth, as duly elected, and hath returned them,

in wrong to the Petitioner, who ought to have been returned j and many other undue and illegal Practices were used in behalf of Mr. Lutterell and Mr. Whitworth:

And praying the Justice of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Durham the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for Wgt.

51 the

ie

A. 1729.

401 150 — 1 — 170 Jamarii.

the electing a Citizen, to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Durham, in the County Palatine of ham, in the room of Robert Esquire, deceased.

The King's The House (according to Order) proceeded to take

Speech jntQ Consideration his Majesty's most gracious Speech considered. tQ Houses of Parliament.

And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker.

And a Motion being made, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty.

Refoh ed, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, refolie itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

Ordered, That his Majesty's most gracious Speech'to both Houses of Parliament be referred to the said Committee.

Private Bills.' Resolved, That this House will receive no Petitions for Private Bills after the Twenty-eighth Day of February next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V inerts, 16° Januarii;

Anno 30 Georgii IIJi Regis, 1729.

Prayers.

IpfwichWrit. QR.DERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant

to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess, to Jferve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Ipswich, in the County of Suffolk, in the room of Sir William Thompson, Knight, now one of the Barons of his Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Westminster.

Torras', Sec. Sir Richard Lane (according to Order) presented to the

Nat- House, a Bill for naturalizing Paul Fulcraud

Motirgue, Edward Oldenbur, and C*far Le and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Answer to Mr. Speaker reported, that the House attended his Address. Majesty Yesterday with their Address; to which his Majesty was pleased to give this most gracious Answer; viz.

Gentlemen,

I return you my Thanks for this very affectionate and loyal Address. The Assurances you have given me, and the Support of my Parliament, in enabling me to make good my Engagements with my Allies, will, I promise myself, greatly contribute towards settling the general Pacification of Europe.

You may be assured, that the Confidence, you repole in me, shall never be made use of, but for preserving the publick Tranquillity, for maintaining the Rights and Interests of my People, and in vindication of my Honour and Dignity.

Supply. The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion, made Yesterday, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committe, that they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 170 die januarii;

1

Anno 3* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1729.;

Prayers. 1

SI R Charles Turner (according to Order) reported from Supply* j the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was;

referred to consider of the Motion, For a Supply to be j

granted to his Majesty, the Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House: And lie read the > {

fame in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the

Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz. '

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, ‘l

That a Supply be granted to his Majesty. J

The said Resolution being read a Second timd; ,

Resolved, nemine coutradicente.That the House doth

agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That

a Supply be granted to his Majesty. t

' S

Ordered, That an F.ftimate of the Ordinary of the Navy and

Navy, for the Year 1730, with the Half-pay of the fl"11 r

Officers of the Navy and Marines, be laid before this &cmuKs' '

House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge for Guards, 1

Garrisons, and Land-Forces, for the Year 1730, be laid . t

before this House. 1

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of the Office t

of Ordnance, for Land Service, for the Year 1730, be t

laid before this House. i

Ordered, That a List of the regimental and warrant (

Officers, who are to be in Half-pay for the Year 1730, be 1 t

laid before this House. '

Ordered, That an Account of the Services incurred, j

and not provided for by Parliament, be laid before this,

House. j

Ordered, That an Estimate be laid before this House,

of the Charge of the Out-pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, (

for the Year 1730. j

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, how the Money, given for the Service of the Year 1729, hath been disposed of, distinguished under the several Heads.

Ordered, That a State of the Debt of his Majesty's Navy, as it Hood at Christmas last, be laid before this House. _ 1 1

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House,;

shewing the Moneys arisen within the respective half Years, ending at Lady-day and Michaelmas last past, as , ‘

well of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund, commonly called the Aggregate Fund, as of or for the Excess 1 ‘

or Surplus of the Fund, commonly called the South-Sea Fund, as also of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund,

commonly called the General Fund.'

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to give Direc- , 1

tions to the proper Officers, to lay before this House the said Estimates, Lift, State, and Accounts.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most honourable Privy Council. (

A Petition of John Anthony De Normandie, and James Noninndic,i, Cleopas Simond, was presented to the House, and read; &c.Nit, setting forth, that the Petitioners were born out of his Majesty's Dominions; but are Protestants, and have given 'good Testimony of their Loyalty: And praying, that their Names may beinferted in the Bill, depending I

before this House, for naturalizing Paul Torras, and others.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table,

until the Bill for naturalizing Paul Torras, and others, be 1

read a Second time.

1

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn- £Upp'«. 1

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty. i

And

1

t

% Geo. II. I7tt — 19® — 216 januarii. 403

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Lunce, 190 Januarii;

Anno 3® Georgii IId‘ Regis, 1729. Prayers;

hmbrock A PETITION of Sir Arthur , Baronet, was Lieitioin JLx. presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that at the lad Election of a Member, to serve in this Parliament for the County of the Petitioner,

and John Campbell, Esquire, flood Candidates, the Day,

appointed by the High Sheriff, being the 5th of 1727, at the Guild-hall of West, at which

Time and Place the Petitioner had a great majority of legal Votes, and was by the Sheriff declared to be duly elected; but a Poll being demanded it was granted, and proceeded in for several Days; all which time the said Sheriff was wholly influenced by Mr. Campbell, and used all possible Means, by frequent and unnecessary Adjournments, tb protract the Poll, and weary out the Petitioners Voters; and he absolutely refused to swear his Clerks, for taking the Poll impartially; notwithstanding which Practices, the Poll ended with a Majority for the Peti-, tinner, though the Under-sheriff, under Pretence of another Poll, carried on by him in a Garret, contrived to be filled with the Friends of Mr. , to which the Petitioner, nor his Friends, could not come, and, without the Consent of the Petitioner, or any Inspection of the fame, declared, he had been taking a Poll in another Place, and that Mr. Campbell had the Majority thereby; and the High Sheriff returned Mr. Campbell accordingly, though no Other Place of polling was mentioned, when the Poll was demanded by Mr.;

and this Poll, if any, was intended as a Colour, to justify the returning of Mr. Campbell And praying the House to take the Fads into Consideration, not only for the Petitioner's Relief, but to prevent the Violation of all other Elections.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account, shewing how the Money, given last Session of Parliament for Greenwich Hospital, has been disposed of.

And then the House adjourned till Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 210 Januarii;

X

Anno 3® Georgii IIdl Regis, 1729.

P 4 A Y E R S.

7) A UL Torras, Fulcrand Mourgue, Edward

Ceefar Le Maiftre, John Anthony De Normandie, and James Cleopas Simond, took the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

Mr. Secretary at War reported to (he House, that their Address, of Saturday lad. That his Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers, that the several ERimates, Lid, State, and Accounts, therein mentioned, might be laid before this House, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he will give Directions to the proper Officers, for laying the same before this House.

Sir Charles Wills presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, Edimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1730.

And the Title thereof was read.

The said Edimate is as follows; viz.

E5 TIMATE of the Charge of the Office of ORDNANCE, for the Year 1730.

LAND SERVICE.

Ordinary of the Office, comprising Repairs of Store-houses, Barracks, Platforms, Carriages, Stores for Garrisons, Rents, Salaries, and other incident Charges -Edablishments at Mahon, Gibraltar, Annapolis, Placentia, and

North Britain - -

Half-pay of the Officers, that have served well in the Trains of Artillery in Flanders, Spain, and on several Expeditions ——

EXTRA ORDINARIES.

Towards carrying on the Fortifications, 7 Cr Repairs of Storehouses, and Maga->at<

zines'.....J

One hundred Tons of Salt-petre -

s. d.

38,835 7 9,962 3 9

83° ——

10.000 —

12.000 --

700 ---

jOO ---

£ s. d. 49,637 11 3

*3,000 — —

4*50° ——

£ s,

77,127 11 3

To Gibraltar;

To Jamaica; To Mahon:

E X C E E D IN G S, for which no Allowance hath been made

£. s. d.

Ordnance Stores sent by his Majesty's? ,

Warrant, dated i60 May, 1729 - J 3>99° 16 4

Bedding, and Barrack Utensils, sent by his Majesty's Warrant, dated 16th September,i 2,774 7 ro

L 1729 - - - - -J ——

j Ordnance Stores sent by his Majesty's!

1 Warrant, dated 13th May, 1729 - -J C Ordnance Stores, sent by her Majesty's)

/ Warrant, dated 14th July, 1729 -J

V ol. 21.

Cha. Wills, John Armstrong,

Geo. Gregory, T. White, L. Smelt.

by Parliament.

6,765 4 1 414 12 8

10,093 1 2

— 17,27* 18 —

£. 94,400 9 3

Ordered,

Greenwich

Hospital*

Torras',

Nat.

Answer to Address.

Ordnance

Estimate*

4°4 a i° Jamarii. A. 1729.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perilled by the Members of the House.

Derby Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to *ru' the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Derbyin the County of , in

the room of the Right honourable William Esquire, now Lord Harrington, called up to the House of Peers. 1

Toms', Jcc. A Bill for naturalizing Paul Torras, Fulcrand Mourgue, N«t. Edward Oldenburgh, and he was read a

Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Richard Lane, Mr. Treby, Mr. Earle, Mr. Tttfnel, Mr.

Mr. Morice, 'Mr, Bacon, Mr. White, Mr. Gregory, ^lr.

Holland, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Geers, Mr. Mr.

Longueville, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Drew, Mr. Lord

Malpas, Mr. Brandon, Sir Edward Knatchbull, Mr.

Masters, Mr. Bowles, Mr. Anuejley, Mr. Williams, Mr. Lxfter, Mr, Qybbon, Mr, towers, Mr. Wilmington, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir James Campbell: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Petition of John Anthony de Normandie, and James Cleopas Simond, which was ordered to lie upon the Table until the Second Reading of the said Bill, be referred to the said Committee; and that they do admit the Petitioners into the said Bill, if they think fit.

East India The House being informed, that some of the Cotn-prohibited missioners of the Customs attended at the Door, they Good*. were called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to several Acts of Parliament,

An Account of prohibited East India Goods, remaining in the Warehouses at St. Hellens, at Michaelmas 1728; with what has been brought in since that time, what exported, as alfp what remained at Michaelmas 1729: And also,

An Account of prohibited East India Goods, remaining in the Warehouses at Leadenhall, at Michaelmas

1728; with what has been brought in since that time, what exported, as also what remained at Michaelmas

1729: And also.

An Account of the prohibited East India Goods, remaining in his Majesty's Warehouse at the Port of London, at Michaelmas 1728; with what has been brought in since that time, what exported, as also what remained at Michaelmas 1729: And also,

An Account of the prohibited East India Goods remaining in the respective Warehouses in the Out-ports, at Michaelmas 1728; with what has been brought in since that time, what exported, as also what remained at Michaelmas 1729: And also.

An Account of naval Stores, imported from Russia into the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1728, to Michaelmas 1729: And also,

An Account of naval Stores, imported from Russia into the Ports, commonly called the Out-ports, from Michaelmas 1728, to Michaelmas 1729.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The" laid Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Cockbum, from the Commissioners for executing N»y the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, pre- Eftiaat*. fented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

The ordinary Estimate of his Majesty's Navy, for the Year 1730; and also.

An Estimate ofafhe Debt of his Majesty's Navy, as it stood on the 31st of December 1729.

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

The Estimate of the Debt of his Majesty's Navy, as it flood on the 31st of December 1729, is contained in the Annexed Sheet of Paper,

Navj

3 Geo. II. 210 Januarii. 4O5

Navy-OfEee:, 7 Ah E S TIM AT E of the Debt of his Majesty's Navy, on the Heads hereafter mentioned, aoth January, 1729. J as it stood on the 3Jlft 1729.

HEADS of the Nival ESTIMATES.

Wear and Tear, ordinary and extraordinary Repairs:

Due, to pay off and discharge all the Bills, entered on the Course? of the Navy, for Stores supplied for the Service thereof - J For the Freight of Tenders, as also for Stores delivered into 7 his Majesty's several Yards, for which no Bills were made > out on the aforesaid 31st December, 1729 - - -J

To his Majesty's Yards and Rope-yards, for the Ordinary and 7 Extraordinary thereof - - - - J

For Half pay to Sea Officers, according to an Establishment, made by his Majesty in Council on that behalf - - j

Seamen's Wages: '

Due, to pay the Men unpaid on the Books of Ships paid off

To Ships in Sea-pay on the abovesaid 31st December, 1729 -To discharge and pay off all the Bills entered in Course, for Pilotage, Surgeons Necessaries, Bounties to Widows and Orphans of Men (lain at Sea, fton the Head of Seamen's Wages ——

Victualling Debt, as per an Estimate received from those Commissioners:

Due, for Short-Allowance to the Companies of his Majesty's Ships in Sea Pay. and which have been paid off - For paying off all the Bills, entered on their Course

For necessary, extra-necessary, Money, Contingencies, and Bills of Exchange ——

To the Officers, Workmen, and Labourers, employed at the several Ports ——

Particulars.

Sick and Hurt; the Debt of that Office, as per an Estimate received from those Commissioners; viz.

Due, for the Quarters and Cure of fickand hurt Seamen, sent afhorel from his Majesty's Fleet, and the Contingencies relating > to the said Service.....j

The Total amounts to the Sum of One Million Five Hundred Fifty-three Thousand Two Hundred Seventy-two Pounds, Fourteen Shillings, and Two Pence.

From whence deducting the Money in the Treasurer's Hands 7 as on the other Side - - - - -3

The net Debt will be One Million Three Hundred Thirty-five 7 thousand and Sixty Pounds, Eighteen Shillings, and Eleven > Pence Half-peny J

£ d.

580,036 — —

,4,7,3 ——

187,521 ——

19,228 5 6

38,304 7 4

220,649 ——

,217 -

15,180 19 11

453>I3*T 8 5 417 a 9

10,467 18 2

8,400 12 z

TOTAL.

£ S' d'

) - 801,498 5 6

264,170 7 4

479,203 9 3

8,400 12 1

I'SSW1 >4 2

218,211 15 2$

1,335,060 l8 lit

Ja. Mighell, Ja. Acworth, 7 , Geo. Saunders,

J. Fawler, Wm. Clevland.

y

Vol. $1.

5*

Memorandum:

4*>

O

On

g

CQ

r — H

n'

CD

Q_

cr

Memorandum i There was remaining in the late and present Treasurers of the Navy's Hands, on the 31st December, 1729, in Money, and Tallies, as under-mentioned, and may

be reckoned towards satisfying the aforesaid Debt of the Navy*

On the Heads of Remaining in the Treasurers Hands unapplied, towards answering the said Debt.

In »li«TREASURER'* Hand*. In MONEY, and TALLIES. C Wear and Tear, and Ordinary; Seamen's Wages. Victuals. 1 TOT A L.

£ d* £. d. £ * d. £ £. d.

Trustees for Mr. Hampden' % Estate In Money - - - 55,691 17 2f 629 9 6 - 56,321 (r 8f

f In Money - 22,83s 1 ni 104,144 19 4»°55 1 7t N 1,528 12 6

Honourable Pallet Byttg, Esquire J In Money, towards the Debt of sick} ] and hurt Seamen - - - j - 333 13 2 - - - - " 161,890 8 6

In Tallies on the Land Tax, Anno\ *748 $ 29,000 — — _>

22,8381 nf 160,160 9 7! 4,684 11 It 30,528 12 6 228,211 15 2 f

Received short of the last Year's Supply 56,000. -

1

to

VO

tiyr-) t-r-J rSL. W-»

- ^3

J

Narj

Services.

Seamen

mployed.

Cardigan

Slcdion*

Delay of Cardigan Writ

3 Geo. II. 2i* — 22° J407

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The ordinary Estimate of his Majesty's Navy, for the Year 1730, is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Treasurer of the Navy do lay before this House, an Account of what Money has been ordered by the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, and received by him, for any Services of the Navy, from the 31 ft Day of December, x 728, to the 31st Day of 1729, distinguishing the Times when the same was received, and the Services to which it was applied.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Navy do lay before this House, an Account of the Number of Seamen, employed in the Service of the royal Navy, from the 31st Day of December, 1728, to the 31st: Day of December, 1729, upon a Medium of each Month, distinguishing what Number were borne, and what mustered, in the said Service.

A Petition of Richard JJoyde Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that at the last Election of a Burgess to serve in this Parliament for the Borough and Town of Cardigan, com'Cardigan, in the room of Francis Cornwallis, Esquire, deceased, Thomas Powell, Esquire, and the Petitioner, stood Candidates } where many Persons, who had no Right, were admitted to poll for Mr. Pozve/l, and many, who had a Right, and offered to poll for the Petitioner, were refused; and many other undue and illegal Practices were used, before and at the Election, by and in behalf of Mr. Powell $ and he hath procured himself to be returned with the Petitioner who was duly elected, to his great Wrong: And praying the Consideration of the House, and Relief, in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections} and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Thomas Powell, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that at the last Election of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Cardigan, in the room of Frauds Cornwallis, Esquire, deceased, the Petitioner, and Richard Lloyd, Esquire, stood Candidates: That there are Five Boroughs, which join in the said Election, viz. Cardigan, Jberydvdth, Tregaron, At par, and; and the

Petitioner had a great Majority of legal Votes, both upon the Poll, and the Scrutiny, which was demanded by Mr. Lloyd, and the Petitioner ought to have been singly returned; but Thomas Price, Esquire, the Mayor of the said Borough, being in the Interest of Mr. Lloyd, and acting very p-rtially at the Poll, and through, the whole Scrutiny, in Favour of him, hath made a double Return, in one of which he hath returned Mr. Lloyd, as elected by a Majority of Four of the said Boroughs, exclusive of the Borough of Tregaron, contrary to all Precedents of former Elections and Returns: And Mr. Lloyd hath not a sufficient Estate of Freehold, to qualify himself to be elected a Burgess, nor did he swear to any Qualification, though it was demanded during the time of Election> and he was guilty of Bribery, and other illegal Pradiccs, in Wrong to the Petitioner: And praying Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred tathe Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Notice being taken in the House, that there had been great Delay of the Execution, and Return, of the Writ, which was ordered in the last Session to be made out, for the eleding a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Cardigan, in the County of Cardigan, in the room of Francis Cornwallis, Esquire, deceased; Vol. 21.

Ordered, That Mr. Robert Brifcoe, the Messenger attending the great Seal, do attend this House upon Tuesday, the Tenth Day of March next.

Ordered, That Thomas Price, Esquire, late Mayor of the Borough of Cardigan, do attend this House upon Tuesday, the Tenth Day of March next.

Ordered, That the Person, who was High Sheriff of the County of Cardigan at the Time of issuing the said Writ, for the eleding a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Cardigan, do attend this House upon Tuesday, the.Tenth Day of March next*

The Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Supply, ing next, rel'olve itself into a Committee of the whole House, toconlider of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovify 2 2° die ‘Januarii;

Anno 3* Georgii II81 Regis, 1729.

Praters.

THE House being informed, that Mr. Corbett, Se- Greenwich cretary of Greenwich Hospital, attended at the Hospital. Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, An Account, shewing, how the Money, given last S-.fTion of Parliament for Greenwich Hospital, has been disposed of.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as follows;

Ah account, mewing;

/ 7ms-) j,ow the Money, given last Session

of Parliament for Greenwich Hospital, has been disposed of: Prepared in pursuance of an Order of the honourable House of Commons, of the 19th Instant.

For maintaining 250 additional disabled Seamen, with 15 Nurses, being Widows of Officers, and poof Seamen, and an additional Captain and Lieutenant, from the 1 ft of January, 1728, to £. s.

3 ifl December, 1729 - 4,323.16 8

By a Computation of what the Revenues of the Hospital may have yielded in the Year 1729, there was a farther Deficiency of about £. 934. i6r. 4* short of the Expence of the said Year ----- 934 16 4

For fitting up more Wards, and Apartments, for the Reception of disabled Seamen and Officers, and other Expences relating to the Building - - 4,741 7 —

Which makes the Sum of - £. 10,000 ——

Tho. Corbett.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Resolved, nemine contradicente, That this House will, Stats of the upon this Day Fortnight, rel'olve itself into a Committee Nation, of the whole House, to consider of the State of the Nation.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, instructions >o That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, SirG.Byng. that he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that Copies of the Orders and Instructions, given to Sir George Byng, now Lord Viscount Torrington, which relate

408

34* Januarii.

1729.

late to the Expedition, made to the Mediterranean in the Year 1718, may be laid before this House;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth

So it passed in the Negative.

f Mr. John Chetwynd, \ Mr. Lyster } *5-

J Mr. Plumptre, '( Mr. Whitworth t J *77-

Mr. Secretary at War presented ta the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

Estimate of the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and other his Majesty's Land Forces, in Great Britain, for the Year 1730; and also,

Estimate of the Charge of his Majesty's Forces in the Plantations, Minorca, and Gib, for the Year 1730J and also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Out-pensioners of Hospital, for the Year 1730.

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

The laid Estimates are as follows; viz.

AflBy

Eftinute*.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and other his Majesty's Land Forces, in Great Britain,

for the Year 1730.

Horse

' First Troop of Guards Second Ditto Third Ditto -Fourth Ditto -. First Troop of Grenadier Guards \ Second Ditto -

Royal Regiment of Guards Lord Cobham's Regiment -

Duke of Argyll's Lieutenant General Wade's

Dragoons - )

Foot

Invalids

Royal Regiment of Dragoons Colonel Campbell's Regiment Lord Carpenter's -Earl of Stair's -

Brigadier Kerr's -Lieutenant General Evans's Brigadier Churchill's Major General HonywoocTs -

First Regiment of Guards -Second Ditto - -

Third Ditto -Brigadier Kirk's Regiment -Lieutenant General

Lord Cadogans - -

Lord Tyrawlcy's -Major General Grove's -Colonel Montagus -Lieutenant General Whethams Lord Mark Kerr's -Colonel Harrison's -Earl of Deloraine's Lieutenant General Sabine's

C Brigadier Fielding's Regiment of Invalids [ 35 Independent Companies D° -

Companies. [ Britain

c^erna: {Staff Officers -

era, Garrisons with Fire and Candle c* " (Contingencies, upon Account

Whitehall, 2 ad January, 1734.

Pay of the Troops,

Numbers. and Regiments,

for 365 Days.

I S' d.

181 - 16,546 13 4

181 - 16,546 13 4

181 - 16,546 13 4

181 m 16,546 13 4

176 - 10.7+3 4

177 - 10,870 18 4

337 mm m 26,876 3 4

3*9 - 26,054 18 4

114 - 17,696 8 4

214 2,l6l 17,696 8 4

3°9 15,442 1© 10

3°9 15,442 10 10

3°9 15,442 10 10

3°9 - 15,442 10 10

309 - 15,442 10 10

39 15,442 10 10

309 " 15,442 10 10

3°9 2,472 15,442 10 10

x>7*5 - 46,893 7 6

1,108 30,471 8 4

1,108 - 30,526 3 4

6,5 - 12,784 a 6

6|5 12,784 2 6

615 12,784 2 6

6x5 12,948 7 6

615 - 12,784 2 6

6i5 12,784 2 6

615 - 12,784 2 6

6x5 12,784 2 6

6i5 - 12,784 2 6

6x5 12,784 2 6

6x5 12,784 a 6

lOj/UO " - -

5i5 9,906 14 2

1,300 1,815 22,584 7 6

l

f 555 -

17»7°9

m 10,877 >3 7i

- m 35,654 12 8

15,000

Total -

TOTAL.

£. s. d.

176,124 13 4

123,5+0

6 S

1 1

248,680 11 1

32,491 1

9»IX5 ‘7 6

11

j Hi

61,53* 6 3r

651,484 17 xi

H. Pelham.

T,

ESTIMATE.

3 Geo. II.

2 2° Jdnu

409

ESTIMATE of the Charge of "his Majesty's Forces in the Plantations, Minorca, and for the

Year 1730.

In the PLANTATIONS.

The late Colonel Lucas' % Regiment

Colonel Phillips's -

Four Independent Companies at New York

One Company at Bermudas -

Two Companies at Jamaica -

One Company in the Island of Providence -

One Company at Carolina -

Garrisons at Annapolis Royal and Placentia

In MINORCA,

Colonel Katie's Regiment -

Colonel Cojby's -

Brigadier Tyrrells -Colonel Handajyd's -

Officers of the Garrison, &c.

In GIBRALTAR.

Brigadier Clayton's Regiment -

Colonel Anstruther's -

Colonel Defney's - - - ,

Officers of the Garrison,

Numbers. P*v of the Regiments, tic. for 365 Days,

£. s. d.

435 m — 9*775 18 4

434 - 9,830 13 4

445 mm 7,141 16 8

57 M «>o©3 15 —

224 m — 3*653 ~ to

112 1,821 19 2

n5 1,82* 3,071 7 6

6,1*7

Provisions for Colonel Phillips's Regiment, in Garrison at Annapolis Royal, and Placentia, deducing 4 d.per Diem, out of the Subsistence of each Non-commission Officer and private Man, towards that Expence Remains to be borne by the Government

Provisions for the several Regiments at Gibraltar, about

TOTAL.

f.

16, lot 10 10 ' a»539 8

6*5 615 6*5 6»s m m 2,460 12.784 2 6 12.784 2 6 1 12.784 2 6 I 12,784. 2 6

«» m - J

6*5 m 12,784 *61

6*5 12,784 2 6 I

6*5 - *,845 12,784 a 6 1

51,136 10 — -

6,zoo 8 9

38,35* 7 6

3*749 3r

*»558 *7 20,400 — — -

*1,958 17 1

Whitehall, 22d January, 17-14.

£ Pelham.

Total -

- £ I *6<V*35 8 *t

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Gutpetifionen of Cietfea Hospital, for the Year 1730,

3,609 Out-pensioners, {landing at present upon the Books of the Hospital, at $d.

per Diem each - .

100 Letter Men, at 12 d.per Diem each

Jo Serjeants, at yd.per Diem each - - ,

T.

y

9

Per Diem.

- , — ,

£ s. d.

75 3 9

1 17 6

For 565 Days.

£ s. d,

27,443 8 9

1,825 — T? TT-

684 7

82 t 3

From which deduct.

The Sum of Six thousand Five hundred Pounds which, by Estimatioty may be applicable to* wards defraying this Expence, out of Ac Poundage of the Forces for the Year 1730 -

Remains to be granted, upon Account, for the Out-pensioners of Ckelfea Hospital, for the Year 1730- . - r

c

*9>9S* *6

v

J

6,500

*,45* 16 3

Whitehall, tad January, $734.

ft, Pelham.

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perufied by the Members of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vol. 21.

SL

t

4io

13® Januarii.

A. 1729.

Veneris, 230 rata \

Anno

3" Georgii IIdl Regis, 1719.

Prayers.

Broijel's Nat. A Petition of Herman Gentleman, was pre*

fented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner was born out of his Majesty's Allegiance, but is a Prote(lant, and has given good Testimony of his Loyalty and Fidelity to his Majesty: And praying, that Leave may be given to bripg in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given, to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that

Caithness

Election.

he was declared duly elected, whereby the Petitioner is deprived of his Seat in Parliament: And praying such Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections 5 and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of John Blackwood, Esquire, Was presented Dumbarton, to the House, and read; letting forth, that, in order to &c* Elea‘on' the late Elect ion of a Burgess, to serve in Parliament for the District of the Burghs of Dumbarton, , Ren-

frew, and Rutherglen, James Pedie was elected Comhiif-honer for Glasgow, Colen Campbell for Renfrew, David Sir George Cafwall and Mr. Papillon do prepare, and Pinkerton for , and there was a double Election

bring in, the fame. for D, of David Colqubon and George:

That the said Election was on the 9th Day of,

A Petition of John Sinclair, Esquire, was presented to 1727; and the Commissioner from Rutherglen,

the House, and read; setting forth, that the 3 ill Day of and David Colquhon from Dumbarton, appeared at the August 1727, being appointed for electing a Knight of Town-house of Dumbarton, which was t^ie proper Place of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for Caithness, Election, and demanded Admittance; but the said Patrick Dunbar, and the Petitioner, Hood Candidates: SmaHet, having, the night before, placed a Guard of armed

That the Earl of Broadalbine, being Sheriff of the said Men in the Town-house, and having another Guard, of Shire, was prevailed upon to absent himself from the said the Town Officers, and others, along with him, thought Election; and then John Sinclair, having a Prejudice to - fit to poll himself, with a Halbert in his Hand, at the the Petitioner, and declared, that he would not return Door, and, taking upon himself to judge, who were lawful him at any rate, claimed to act as Sheriff, and returning Delegates, refused to admit any, but whom he thought Officer, in virtue of a latent Conveyance from the said fit, and, " in particular, the said David Colqubon, and like-Earl of Broadalbine, never legally perfected, and, as such, - wifetefufed Entrance to DavidHutchinson, who appeared did refuse to produce the Sheriff Court Books, with the with a Commission to be Common Clerk to the Town of Minutes of former Elections, and Rolls of the Freeholders. Dumbarton: W hereupon the Commissioners for Glasgow who used to vote; but Patrick Dunbar, in Combination and Rutherglen infilled, that every Person, pretending to with John Sinclair, pulled out of his Pocket a Roll, made have a Commission to be Delegate, or Common Clerk,

up without any Authority, in which several Personswere should be admitted, that their Rightmight be determined; inserted, who never voted at any Elections, and others, which the said absolutely refilled, saying, himself

that had voted, were left out; which Roll the said John was the legal Delegate for Dumbarton, without so much as Sinclair did impose upon the Freeholders: That by Act of shewing any Commission for that Purpose; against which Parliament the Sheriff Clerk, in Absence of the Member Proceedings the Commissioners for G/afgew, Rutherglen, lafi? elected, is appointed to alk the Voters, who shall be and the said David Colquhon, protested, and declared they Praefes, and who shall be Clerk; and that James Campbell, came there to have given their Votes for the Petitioner, the principal Sheriff Clerk, being absent, John Dunetarid, giving publick Notice to all then present, withdrew did appear with a Deputation from him, and offered to to the nearest convenient House, and chose the Petitioner, aft; yet the said John Sinclair took upon hitn to name and made use of the said Hutchinson, as Clerk for

Hugh Monro to alk the said Votes, although the Free- the Meeting; and the Commissioner from Renfrew re-holders are entitled to chuse their own Clerk, which Clerk fused to concur with Smallet, as apprehending his Pro-is the returning Officer, and the Majority of the Free- ceedingsto be arbitrary; but the said alone

holders did elect Benjamin Doul to be Clerk to the Meet- has taken upon him to name Darnel Campbell, Esquire, to ing: That the said John Sinclair, Patrick Dunbar, and be Member for the said District, and James Duncanjon, as other Two, who concurred with them, Separated from Common Clerk of Dumbarton, hath returned him as duly ihe-rest- and, pretending tp elect by themselves, made elected, in Prejudice of the Petitioner: And praying the use of: the said Hugh Monro-Clerk; and, though the Relief of the House in the Premises.

-Petitioner was duly elected bva Majority of Nine to Four, Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the of which Four the said John, Sinclair and Patrick Dunbar Consideration - of the Committee of Privileges and made Two, yet the said John Sinclair and Hugh Monro Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof liavte returned the said Patrick Dunbar, as duly elected, in and report the fame, with their Opifiion thereupon, tp Prejudice of the Petitioned; and several. other-illegal the House. ":

Practices were used by the: said pretended Sheriff;- to accamplish his DesignAnd praying Redress of the

House in the Premises. Ordered, That the said

Petition be referred to the

WoottonBaf-set Election.

A Petition of Alexander Duncan, of Lundie, Esquire, Forfkr was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that Election the Daws of Scotland have declared, in what Manner the

Consideration of the Committee of Privileges ‘ and Rolls of thp Freeholders of each County should be made Elections ;>nd that they do examine the Matter thereof, up, and that none should have a.Vpte in the Election, but and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the such, as are so inrolled: That, at the last. ElectioR of House. _ a Member, to serve in this Parliament for the County of

Forfar, the Petitioner, and several Freeholders of the said A Petition of William Northey, Esquire, was presented County, infilled, that, If there was any Roll made up ac-to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner, cording to the said Law, the same should be produced, or, together with the honourable John St. John and John if there was none, they should then proceed to make up Cross, Esquires, flood Candidates at the last Election for and adjust one: That there w^s no Roll produced, and the Borough of Wootton Basset, Com' Wilts; and the therefore the Petitioner, and the other freeholders, pro-petitioner was then duly chosen by a Majority of legal ceeded to make up a regular Roll, and the Freeholders, so Votes; but by the Partiality of John Hollifter, the Mayor, inrolled, unanimously voted for the Petitioner to beCom-who admitted divers to vote, who had no Right, and missioner to Parliament for the said County, and directed refilling others, that had a Right, and doling the Poll, the Clerk to certify the feme to the Sheriff accordingly; and by Bribery, and other indirect Practices of Mr. Cross, but James Scot, of Logie, with feme others, pretending

to

Seamen

employed.

thniei on Cifldlea.

Dudes on Soap.

Privilege.

fapply.

3 Geo. II.

to be Freeholders, though they had neither been formerly inrolled, nor did then produce any Evidence of their Freehold, took upon them to constitute a Meeting, and admitted several Persons to vote as Freeholders, who were not such, and have made a pretended Election of Mr. Scot, and the Sheriff Depute hath returned him, though the Clerk did return the Petitioner to the Sheriff, as duly deified, and, as such, he ought to have been returned, in Violation of the Rights of the Freeholders: And praying such Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the CoOsideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Sir George Saunders (from the Commissioners of the Navy) presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, An Account of the Number of Seamen, employed in the Service of the royal Navy from the 31st Day of December, 1728,10 the 31st Day of December, 1749, upon a Medium of each Month, distinguishing, what Number were borne, and what muttered, in the said Service.

And the Title thereof was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Sefiivn.

Ordered, That the proper Officers do lay before this House, an Account of the gross and net produce of the Duties upon Candles, for Seven Years, to last,

distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That the proper Officers do lay before this House, an Account of the gross and net Produce of the Duties upon Soap, for Seven Years, to Midsummer last, distinguishing each Year.

Complaint being made to the House, that Timothy Featherftonhaugh did, on the 17th of this instant,

serve a Citation out of Doctors Commons on Thomas Cox, a menial Servant to the Right honourable Henry Viscount Palmerston, in the Kingdom of Ireland, a

Member of this House, by way ol Pioceft, at the Suit of Margaret Lawson, Wife of John ,in which Process

the said John Lawjon, Abraham Odell, and William Cheef-borough, are Solicitors, or Agents, for the said Margaret Lawson, in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Matter of the said Complaint, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the ordinary Estimate of his Majesty's Navy, for the Year 1730, be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by inserting the Word " now" between the Word " be" and the Word u referred."

And the Question being put, That the Word " now" be there inserted;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put. That the ordinary Estimate of his Majesty's Navy, lor the Year 1730, be now referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas, Mrs: }23°-

Tellers for the Noes,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Vou 21.

411

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the Treaty with House that he had received his Majesty's Commands to Hollamd. lay before this House,

Copy of the States General's Accession to the Treaty of Peace, Friendship, and mutual Defence, concluded between his Majesty, the most Christian King* and the King of Spain, ligned at Seville the 21st of November,

1729; with a Translation thereof: And also.

Copy of the States General's Accession to the separate Articles belonging to the said Treaty, signed also at Seville the 21st November, 1729} with a Translation thereof.

And Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented the said Papers to the House accordingly, together with a List of them.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Tabic, to be perused by the Members of the House.

the Translations of the said Accessions arc as followeth} viar.

Act of Accession of their High Mightinesse, the States General of the United Provinces of the Low Countries, to the Treaty of Peace, Union, Friendship, and defensive Alliance, concluded between their most serene Britannick, most Christian, and Catholick,

Majesties, and signed at Seville the Ninth of November, in the Year 1729.

In the Name of the most Holy Trinity, Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, Three distinct Persons, and One only true God.

WHEREAS their most serene Majesties, the King of Great Britain, the most Christian King, and the Catholick King, as welt for knitting together the Ties of that ftriiSt Union, which subsists between them, as for the Security of their own Kingdoms and Dominions, and likewise for the Preservation of the publick Peace and Tranquillity, have thought fit to make an Alliance betwixt themselves, the Treaty whereof was concluded and signed at Seville the Ninth of November, in the Year 1729} their High Mightinesse having been invited by the contracting Kings to accede to this Treaty, in pursuance of what they had agreed upon by the 14th Article; which Treaty is here inserted word for word:;

In the Name of the most holy Trinity, Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, Three distinct Persons, and One only true God.

Their most serene Majesties the King of Great Britain, the most Christian King, and the Catholick King, de-firing, with equal Earnestness, not only to renew, and bind more clolely, their antient Friendship, but likewise to remove whatever might hereafter disturb it, to the end that, being united in Sentiments and Inclination, they may for the tuture aft in every Thing, as having but one and the same View and Interest; and, for this Purpose, the most serene King of Great Britain having given full Power, for treating in his name, to M. William Stanhope,

Vice chamberlain of his Britannick Majesty's Houshold, one of his Privy Council, Member ad the; Parliament of Great Britain, Colonel of a. Regiment of Dragoons, and his said Majesty's Ambassador Extraordinary to his Catholick Majesty, as also to M. Benjamin Keene, his said nick Majesty's Minister Plenipotentiary to his Catholick Majesty; the most serene most'Christian King having given full Power, for treating ip his Name, to the Marquis de Brancat, Lieutenant-general of his Armies, Knight of his Orders, and of that of the Golden Fleece, his Lieutenant general in the Government of Provence, and his Ambassador Extraordinary to his Catholick Majesty; and the most serene Catholick King having.likewise given full Power, for treating in his Name, to M. John Baptist DOrendayn, Marquis df la Fax, his Councilor of State, and First Secretary of State and of the Dispatches, and to M. Joseph Patino, Commander of Alcuefca in the Order of St. James, Governor of the Council of the Treasury, and of the Tribunals depending thereon, Superintendant-general of the general Revenues, and his Secretary of State,

and

130 Janu

o

413 a 3° Januariu A. 1729.

Treaty with and of the Dispatches, for Affkirs of the Marine, the in Europe, as in the should be re-established on

Holland. Indies, and the Treasury \the above-mentioned Ministers the Foot of the Treaties and Conventions, antecedent

have agreed between them on the following Articles: to the Year 1725, and, particularly, that the Commerce

I. of the Nation in America should be exercised, as

There shall be from this Time, and for ever, a (olid heretofore; it is agreed by the present Article, that all

Peace, a drift Union, and a sincere and constant Friend- the necessary Orders shall be dispatched on both Sides, ship, between the most fereneKing of Great Britain, the without any Delay, if they have not been sent already, most serene most Christian King, and the most serene as well for the Execution of the said Treaties of King of Spain, their Heirs and Successors, as also between Commerce, as for supplying what may be wanting, for their Kingdoms and Subjects, for the mutual Assistance the intire Re-establishment of Commerce on the Foot and Defence of their Dominions andlnterest: There of the said Treaties and Conventions.

shall likewise bean Oblivion of all, that is past; and all the V.

formerTreaties and Conventions, of Peace, offriendship, Although it was stipulated by the Preliminaries, that and of Commerce, concluded between the contracting all Hostilities should cease on both Sides, and that. Powers respectively, shall be, as they hereby are, effectu- if any Trouble or Hostilities should happen between ally renewed, and confirmed, in all those Points, which the Subjects of the contracting Parties, either in are not derogated from by the present Treaty, in as still Europe, or in the Indies, the contracting Powers should and ample a Manner, as if the said Treaties were here concur for the Reparation of Damages, sustained by inserted word for word; their said Majesties promising, their respective Subjects, and, notwithstanding this, it not to do any thing, nor suffer any thing to be done, is alleged, that, on the Part of the Subjects of his that may be contrary thereto, directly or indirectly. Catholick Majesty, Acts of Disturbance and Hostilities

II. have been continued; it is agreed by this present Ar-

In consequence of which Treaties, and in order to tide, that, as to what relates to Europe, his Catholick

establish firmly this Union and Correspondence, their Majesty shall forthwith cause Reparation to be made for Britannick, most Christian, and Catholick, Majesties the Damages, which have been suffered there since the promise and engage, by the present defensive Treaty of Time, prel'cribed by the Preliminaries for the Cessation

Alliance, to guaranty reciprocally their Kingdoms, States, of Hostilities; and, as to what relates to America, he and Dominions, under their Obedience, in what Parts will likewise forthwith cause Reparation to be made for of the World soever situate, as also the Rights and Pri- the Damages, which shall have been suffered there since vileges of their Commerce, the whole according to the the Arrival of his Orders at Cartagena on the ~t" Day Treaties; so that the said Powers, or any one of them, of 1728; and his said Catholick Majesty shall being attacked or molested by any Power, and under publish the most rigorous Prohibitions, for preventing any Pretext whatever, they promise and oblige themselves the like Violences on the Part of his Subjects; their reciprocally, to employ their Offices, as soon as they shall Britannick and most Christian Majesties promising, on be thereto required, for obtaining Satisfaction to the their Part, if there be like Cafes, to cause Reparation Party injured, and for hindering the Continuance of to be made for what shall have been so done, and to Hostilities; and, if it happen, that the said Offices be give like Orders for the Preservation of the Peace, not sufficient for procuring Satisfaction without Delay, Tranquillity, and good Intelligence.

their laid Majesties promise to furnish the following VI.

Succours, jointly, or separately; that is to (ay, his Commissaries shall be nominated, with sufficient Powers,

- Britannick Majesty Eight thousand Foot, and Four thou- on the Part of their Britannick and Catholick Majesties, sand Horse, his most Christian Majesty Eight thousand who shall assemble at the Court of Spain within the Space Foot, and Four thousand Horse, and his Catholick of Four Months after the Exchange of the Ratifications of Majesty Eight thousand Foot, and Four thousand the present Treaty, or sooner, if it can be done, to exa-Horse: If the Party attacked, instead of Troops, should mine, and decide, what concerns the Ships, and Effects, demand Ships of War, or Transports, or even Subsidies taken at Sea on either Side; to the Tirqes specified in the

in Money, he shall be free to chuse; and the other preceding Article: The said Commissaries shall likewise

Parties shall furnish the said Ships, or Money, in pro- examine, and decide, according to the Treaties, the portion to the Expence of Troops: And for taking away respective Pretensions, which relate to the Abuses, that all Doubt touching the Valuation of the Succours, their are supposed to have been committed in Commerce, as abovesaid Majesties agree, that a Thousand Foot shall well in the Indies, as in Europe, and all the other respective be computed at Ten thousand Florins, Dutch Money, Pretensions in America, founded on Treaties? whether and a Thousand Horse at Thirty thousand Florins, with respect to the Limits, or otherwise: The said Com* Dutch Money, by the Month; and the same Proportion miffaries shall likewisedifeufs, and decide, the Pretensions, -shall be observed with respect to the Ships, that ought which his Catholick Majesty may have, by Virtue of the to be furnished; their said Majesties promising to con- Treaty of 1721, for the Restitution of the Ships, taken tinue and keep up the said Succours, as long as the by the EngliJk Fleet in the Year 1718: And the said Trouble shall fubfrft; and, in case it should be found Commissaries, after having examined, discussed, and de-necessary, their said Majesties shall mutually succour each cided, the above-(aid Points, and Pretensions, shall make, other with all their Forces, and shall even declare War a Report of their Proceedings to their Britannick and

Against the Aggressor. Catholick Majesties; who promise, that, within the

HI. Space of Six Months after the making the said Re-

The Ministers of his Brrtamick Majesty, and of his port, they will cause to be executed, punctually and most Christian Majesty, having alleged, that in the exaCUy, what shall have been so decided by the said Treaties, concluded' at Vienna, between the Emperor Commissaries. and the King of Spain, in the Year 1715, there were VII.

divers Clauses, that infonged the Articles of the several Commissaries shall likewise be nominated on the Part Treaties of Commerce, or of the Treaties of Peace, in of his most Christian Majesty, and of his Catholick which Commerce may be concerned, antecedent to the Majesty, who shall examine all Grievances generally Year 1725; his Catholick Majesty has declared, as he whatsoever, which the said Parries, therein interested, declares by the present Article, that he never meant to may form respectively, whether for the Restitution of grant, nor will fuilFer to fobfift, by virtue of the said Vessels seized or taken, or with respect to Commerce, Treaties of Vienna, any Privilege contrary to the Treaties Limits, or otherwise. here above confirmed. VIII.

fV. The said Commissaries shall finish punctually their

It having been agreed by the preliminary Articles, that Commission within the Space ofthree Years, or sooner if it, the Commerceof the KngUJb and French Nations, as well can be done, to be computed from tire Day of the.signing

17 of

a

____OF.

3 Geo. II. 13° Jaiiudrii.

4»3

of the' present Treaty, and this, without any further Delay, or any Motive or Pretext whatever.

IX.

The introducing of Garrisons into the Places of heme, Por/o-ferraio, Parma, and to the Number

of Six thousand Men of his Catholick Majesty's Troops, and in his Pay, shall be effectuated without Loss of Time; which Troops shall i'erve for the better securing and preserving of the immediate Succession of the said States in Favour of thp most serene Infante Don , and to be ready to withstand any Enterprize and Opposition, which mighc be formed, to the Prejudice of what has been regulated touching the said Succession.

X.

The contracting Powers shall forthwith use all the Applications, which they shall judge to be confident with the Dignity and Quiet of the most ferenc Great Duke of Tuscany, and the Duke of Parma, to the end the Garrifor.s may be received with the greated Tranquillity, and without Opposition, as soon as they shall present themselves before the Places, into which they are to be introduced.

The said Garrisons shall take an Oath to the present Possessor, to defend their Persons, Sovereignty, Possessions, and States, and Subjects, in every thing, that shall not be contrary to the Right of Succession, reserved to the most lerene Infante Don Carlos; and the present Possessors shall not demand or exaftany thing, that is contrary thereto.

The said Garrisons shall not meddle, directly or indirectly, under any Pretext whatsoever, in Affairs of the political, economical, or civil, Government; and shall have most express Orders to render to the most serene Great Duke of Tuscany, and the Duke of Parma, all the Respects, and military Honours, that are due to Sovereigns in their own Dominions.

XI.

The Intent of introducing the said Six thousand Men of his Catholick Majesty's Troops, and in his Pay, being to secure to the moll serene Infante Don Carlos the immediate Succession of the States of , and

Placentia; his Catholick Majesty promises, as well for himself, as his Successors, that, as loon as the most serene Infante Don Carlos, his Son, or such other, who shall succeed to his Rights, shall be the quiet Possessor of those States, and in Safety from all Invasion, and other jud Grounds of Fear, he will cause to be withdrawn from the Places in those States the Troops, which shall be his own, and not belonging to the Infante Don Carlos, or to him, who shall succeed to his Rights, in such manner, that thereby the said Succession, or Possession, may red secure, and exempt from all Events.

XII.

The contracting Powers engage to edabliffi, according to the Rights of Succession, which have been dipulated, and to maintain, the most serene Infante Don Carlos, or him, to whom his Rights shall devolve, in the Poffclhon and Enjoyments of the States of Tuscany, Parma, and Placentia, when he shall once be settled there j to defend him from all Insult, against any Power whatsoever, that might intend to disturb him; declaring themselves, by this Treaty, Guarantees for ever of the Right, Possession, Tranquillity, and Quiet, of the most serene Infante, and of his Successors, to the said States.

XIII.

As to other Particulars, or Regulations, concerning the keeping up of the said Garrisons, once established in the States of Tuscany, Parma, and Placentia, as it is to be presumed, that his Catholick Majesty, and the most serene Great Duke, and Duke of Parma, will settle the same by an Agreement between themselves, their Britannick and most Chridian Majesties promise, that, as soon as that Agreement shall be made, they will ratify and guaranty it, as well to his Catholick Majesty, as to the most serene Great Duke, and Duke of Parma, as if it were inserted word for word in the present Treaty.

XIV.

The States General of the United Provinces shall be Vol. 21.

invited to come into the present Treaty, and Articles: Treaty with Such other Powers as shall be agreed on, shall likewise Holland, be invited, and admitted, by Concert, into the same Treaty, and Articles.

The Ratifications of the present Treaty shall be dispatched within the Space of Six Weeks, or sooner, if ic can be done, to be reckoned from the Day of signing it.

In Witness whereof) we, the under-written Miniders Plenipotentiaries of his Britannick Majesty, of his most Chridian Majesty, and of his Catholick Majesty, by Virtue of our full Powers, which have been communicated to each other (Transcripts of which shall be hereto annexed) have signed the present Treaty, and caused the Seals of our Arms to be affixed thereto. Done at Seville, the 9th Day of November, 1729.

W. Stanhope. Brancas. El Marq* de la Paz.

(L.S.) (L. S.) (L. S.)

B. Keene. D.

(L. S.) _ (L. S.)

And whereas the said Lords the States General have always had a sincere Desire to continue, and drengthen, the good Intelligence and Friendship, wherein they have the Honour to live with their Britannick, most Chridian, and Catholick Majesties; and, as they desire to contri bute, as far as it depends upon them, towards the Preservation and Establishment of the Peace, and publick Quiet, without which, that of their Republick cannot be secure, they are very sensible of the obliging Invitation, which has been made them, to accede to this Alliance, being persuaded, that its Aim tends chiefly to bind themselves more dofely together.

And. as this Alliance, among other Ends, has that of establishing an intire Confidence between the contracting Parties, the States General suppose that the Allies will mutually communicate to each other, in all Confidence, their Thoughts as to the Ways and Means, which shall be judged the most effectual, in case of Need, to preserve and maintain the Possessions, and Rights, above mentioned in the Treaty, here before inserted, as well with respect to Commerce, as others, both within Europe, and without it: And whereas, in the firm Persuasion and Confidence, that this is the true Aim and Intention of their said Majesties, the said Lords and States General, to give an Indance of their Desire to unite themselves closely with them, and of the high Edeem they have for their Friend-ship and Alliance, have resolved to accede to the said Treaty, here above inserted; and for that Purpose they have named the Sieur Francis Funder Meer their Ambassador at the Court of Spain, and have furnished him with a full Power to agree upon this Accession with M.

LFilliam Stanhope, Vice-chamberlaim of his Britannick Majesty's Houshold, one of his Privy Council, Member of the Parliament of Great Britain, Colonel of a Regiment of Dragoons, and his said Majesty's Ambassador Extraordinary to his Catholick Majesty, as likewise with M.

Keene, his said Britannick Majesty's Minider Plenipotentiary to his Catholick Majesty; the Marquis of Brancas, Lieutenant-general of his most Chridian Majesty's Armies,

Knight of his Orders, and of that of the Golden Fleece, his Lieutenant-general in the Government of Provence, and his Ambassador Extraordinary to his Catholick Majesty} and M. John Baplifl de Orendayn, Marquis de la Paz,

Counsellor of State tp his Catholick Majesty, and Fird Secretary of State and of the Dispatches, as likewise M.

Joseph Patino, Counsellor of State, Commanderof in the Order of St. James, Governor of the Council of the Treasury, and of the Tribunals depending thereupon, Superintendant-general of the general Revenues, and Secretary of State, and of the Dispatches, in the Affairs of the Marine, of the Indies, and of the Treasury of his said Catholick Majesty} in like manner provided with full Powers:

Who, having conferred together, have agreed in the Manner following: That the Lords the States General shall accede, like as the said Plenipotentiary has declared they accede, as in fast he does accede by this Act, in their Name, and on their Part, to the said Treaty; obliging them, towards their said Majesties, to all, that is therein 5 M contained.

Tr?atv with Holland.

414 23 0 JanuarilA. 1729.

contained, wholly in the same Manner, as if they had contracted with them from the Beginning; and that their Majesties, owning, that their Aim and Intention is i'uch, as is here before expressed, shall accept, as actually they do accept, the Accession of their H'gh Mightinesse, as the said Ambafl'actors, Ministers, and Plenipotentiaries, have declared, and do declare, in the Name, and on the Part, of their laid Majesties; obliging them, towards their High Mightinetfes, to all, that is contained in the said Treaty, entirely in the same Manner, as if they had contracted with their Majesties from the Beginning.

His Britannick Majesty, and his most Christian

Majesty, in Consideration of the Acceftlonof the Lords the States General, confirm and renew all the Engagements, they formerly entered into, for procuring to their Re-publickan intire Satisfaction, asto theabolishing the Trade and Navigation of the OJlend Company to the Indies, and as to the Affairs of OJl-frise; and his Catholick Majesty in like manner obliges himself, and on the same Consideration, to enter into all the same Engagements, as soon as they shall be communicated to him; which the said Lords and States General promise to do within the Space of Three Months, to be reckoned from the Day of the signing this present Treaty, or sooner, if it be possible.

As the Succours, which their High Mightinesse are to give, in same of Need, could not be settled in the Treaty, it is agreed, that they shall be Four thousand Foot, and One thousand Horse.

His Catholick Majesty engages to cause intire Satisfaction to be given for their High Mightineffcs Grievances, as well in the Indies, as in Europe, and to order their Trade to be re-established according to former Treaties; their High Mightinesse engage, in like manner, to cause the Grievances to be redressed, which there may be on the Part of his Catholick Majesty, founded upon Treaties: And, if, in the Examination of the abovesaid Treaties, there should be found Difficulties, which cannot be agreed, his Catholick Majesty and their High Mightinesse shall name Commissaries to treat of them, on the same foot, as the Commissaries of the other Powers are settled by the Sixth and Seventh Articles of the Treaty, here above inserted.

If it should happen, that his Catholick Majesty should think fit to give at present, or hereafter, either publickly, or by secret Conventions, new Rights or Advantages to any Power whatsoever, with respect. to Trade, the same Rights or Advantages shall immediately be granted to their High Mightinesse, and to their Subjects, who shall be treated in every thing as those of the Nation the most favoured, as it is ffcipulated by former Treaties.

The Lords the States General having represented, that there may happen certain Cafes, wherein they may, out of Hatred for their Accession, signed this Day, be attacked, or troubled, in such manner, that they may be obliged to have immediate Recourse to Arms for their Defence, and that, in such Case, the Time, necessary for waiting for the Success of the Offices, which may have been employed, and after which only their Allies are obliged to furnish them with Succours, stipulated by the Second Article of this present Treaty, may be the Occasion of a considerable Prejudice to them, and leave them exposed to the most vigorous Attacks, without the Succours of the Princes, their Allies; his Britannick Majesty, his most Christian Majesty, and his Catholick Majesty, in order to give the States General a new Proof of the Share they take in the Preservtion of their Republick, have consented to engage and promite, that in the abovesaid Cafes, which might put the Republick in an evident Danger, they will furnish the Succours, stipulated by the Second Article above-mentioned, even without waiting for the Success of the Offices, and Instances, which they may have begun to employ with the Aggressor, for procuring the Satisfaction and Reparation required.

This present Treaty, for the Accession of the States General, shall be approved and ratified by his Britannick Majesty, his most Christian Majesty, and his Catholick Majesty, and by their High Mightinesse, the' Lords *7

the States General of the United Provinces of the Countries, and the Ratifications shall be brought, and exchanged at the Court of Spai, within the Space of Three Months, to be reckoned from the Day of the Date of this present Treaty, or sooner, if it be possible.

In Witness whereof, we, the under-written Ministers Plenipotentiary of his Britannick Majesty, his most Christian Majesty, and his Catholick Majesty, and of their High Mightinesse, the States General, by Virtue of our full Powers, which have been communicated to one another, and which are to be here under transcribed, have signed the present Act of Accession to this present Treaty, and have caused the Seals of our Arms to be put thereunto. Done at Seville, the Twenty first Day of November, 1719.

IV. Stanhope. Brancas. Marq‘ de la Paz. F.

(L.S.) (L.S.) (L.S.) (L.S)

B. Keene. D. JPatino.

(L.S.) (L.S.)

His Britannick Majesty's full Powers.

Caroline, R. C. R.

CAROLINE, by the Grace of God, Queen of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, See. Guardian of the Kingdom of Great Britain, and his Britannick Majesty's Lieutenant within the same, to all and Angular, to whom these orefent Letters shall come, Greeting. Whereas,

x 9 O

among other the Calamities of these Times, it happened, that Differences arete between the most serene King cf Great Britain, &c. our dearest Husband and Lord, and his Allies, and the most serene Catholick King of Spain, which were carried so far, that the Flames of War, just breaking out, could hardly at length be ftifted by a preliminary Convention; yet, Almighty God vouchsafing Relief to the State of Europe, the Negotiations, set on foot, for restoring the publick Quiet, have been brought to such Maturity, that, on the Part of the Catholick King, Conditions of Peace have been proposed to his Britannick Majesty, and to the most Christian King, which may serve as a Foundation fora Treaty, to which the States General of the United Provinces of the -lands, who are joined in Alliance with the last mentioned Kings, will likely accede; left any further Delays, which might happen to be formed, should obstruct the speedy Completion of a Work, so beneficial, and so long desired, the said most serene King, our Husband and Lord, has thought it proper, that lorne Person of Distinction, equal to such an Employment, should be tent to the Court of the said Catholick King, furnished with his Instructions, and impowered with l'ufficient Authority, for this Purpose; and having recommended it to our Care, to forward what maybe necessary to this End; know ye therefore, that we, reposing great Confidence in the Fidelity, Prudence, Experience, and Sagacity, in transacting Matters of great Importance, of the Right honourable William Stanhope, Esquire, Vice Chamberlain of his Majesty's Houshold, one of his Privy Council. Member of the Parliament of Great Britain, Colonel of a Regiment of Dragoons, and his Majesty's Ambassador Extraordinary, as also of Benjamin Keene, Esquire, now acting as his Majesty's Minister Plenipotentiary at the said Court, have nominated, made, and constituted, them, as we do by these Presents nominate, make, and constitute them, to be the true, certain, and undoubted, Commissioners, Procurators, and Plenipotentiaries, on the Part of the most serene King of Great Britain, our dearest Husband and Lord; giving and granting, by Virtue of the Authority to us committed, to them jointly, or to either of them, the other being absenr, or hindered by Sickness, full and all Manner of Power, Licence, and Authority, together with general, as well as special Order (so as the general <Jo not derogate from the special, and vice verfd) to meet and confer with the Ministers of the most serene Kings and States aforesaid, and of any other Princes and States, authorized by a like sufficient Power, and to treat, agree, and conclude, concerning the Conditions of

Pad-

3 Geo. IL 2 3 Januarii.415

Pacification above mentioned, and upon them to settle a Convention, Treaty, Alliance, or Agreement, and Articles, either secret, or separate, and to sign the same for his Britannick Majesty, and in his Name, as also to frame,

and mutually deliver, and receive, such and as many Instruments, as may be necessary, upon what shall be concluded, and generally to do and perform all other Things, which are any way necessary, or which in anywise they shall judge convenient, for treating of, and settling the Conditions of Pacification, as is abovesaid, in as ample Manner and Form, and with the same Force and Effect, as the find moll serene King, were he present, could do and perform; engaging and promising, in the Name of his said Majesty, that, whatever lys said Comrr.issioners, Procurators, and Plenipotentiaries, either jointly or fcpa-rately, Hull, by Virtue of these Presents, do, conclude, and sign, his Majesty will approve, ratify, and accept, in the same Manner and Form, wherein they were concluded, and sacredly and inviolably observe the fame, andcause them to be observed by all others whatsoever, as far as in him lies.

In Witness, and for the corroborating, of all which, we have caused the great Seal of Great Britain to be affixed to these Presents, signed with our Royal Hand. Given at the Palace of his Britannick Majesty at ton, the Nineteenth Day of the Month of in the

Year of our Lord 1729, and in the Third Year of the Reign of his said Majesty.

Declaration of the Marquis of THEIR most Christian, Britannick, and Catholick, Majesties having concluded a Treaty of Peace, and de-fenfive Alliance, which was signed at Seville the Ninth of November 1729, by me the under-written, jointly with the Ministers of his Britannick and Catholick Majesty, fully authorized for that Purpose, to which Treaty their HighMightinesses, the States General of the UnitedPro-vinces of the Low Countries have acceded this Day, by their Ambassador and Plenipotentiary to his said Catholick Majesty i but whereas in the full Powers of the King my Malter, there wants the particular Clause, for authorizing me to concur with the abovesaid Ministers, and to sign the said Accession; and, as it appeared unto us, that the Conclufidn of (o salutary a Work, for the Quiet and Tranquillity of Europe, ought not to be deferred, till I could get the necessary full Powers for that Purpose; I engage and promil'e, on signing this Treaty, to procure, and produce, within the Space of Six Weeks, a special full Power from the King my Master, and in due Form, which shall ratify my said signing, and which I will communicate, when I shall have received it, to whom it shall appertain.

The full Powers of his Catholick Majesty.

DON PHILIP, by the Grace of God, King of Cajlile, Leon, Aragon, the Two Sicilies, Jerusalem, Navarre, Granada, Toledo, Valencia, Galicia, Majorca, Seville, Sardinia, Cor dub a, , the

Algarves, Algezira, Gibraltar, the Canary Islands, the East and IPeft Indies, the I (lands and Terra firma of the Ocean, Archduke of Austria, Duke of Burgundy, Brabant, and Milan, Count of Habfpourg, Flanders, Tirol, and Barcelona, Lord of and Molina, &c.

Whereas we are desirous to contribute, on our Part, as much as possible to the Establishment and Support of the publick Tranquillity, which has been disturbed by divers Accidents of the Times, tending greatly to foment a fatal War; and, having Regard to the earned Desires of an univerial Peace, which, on the Part of our Brother and Nephew the raoft Christian King, have been made known to us, accompanied by the incessant Insinuations of our Brother the King of Great Britain, we became disposed to bring on aConclusion, on certain Conditions; and being informed, that the said Kings are equally disposed to concur, on their Part, in a Work, so conducive to the Good of Europe, in order to which, there are now at this Court, Lewis Marquis de Brancas, Vol. 21.

Lieutenant general of the Armies of the tnoft Christian Treaty with' King, Knight of his Orders, and of the famous Order of H°Han<h the Golden Fleece, Lieutenant-general in the Government of Provence, and his Ambatfador Extraordinary, William Stanhope, Esquire, Vice-chamberlain of Ins Britannick Majesty's Houftiold, one of his Privy Council, Member of the Parliament of Great Britain, Colonel of a Regiment of Dragoons, and his Ambassador Extraordinary^ and Benjamin Keene, Esquire, Minister Plenipotentiary of his Britannick Majesty; we have resolved, upon the particular Confidence we have in you, Don John Baptist de Orcndayn, Marquis de la Paz, our Counsellor of State,

and First Secretary of State and of the Di('patches, and in you, Don Joseph Patino, Commander of Alcuefca in the Order of St. James, Governor of the Council of the Treasury, and its Tribunals, Superintendant-general of the general Revenues, our Secretary of State, and of the Dispatches, for the Affairs of the Marine, the Indies, and the Treasury, to chuse and nominate you (as by Virtue of these Presents we do nominate you, giving you as full Power, Licence, and Authority, as is necessary and proper) that for us, and in our Name, and representing our own Person, you may hear, propose, coni' nt, afT-nt, agree,' and sign, with the said Marquis Brancas, M.

Stanhope, and M. Benjamin Keene, jointly or separately, all, that you shall deem to be just, and proper for our Service, for the Good of our Kingdoms, and the greater Security and Duration of the Union, go< d Correspondence, and Alliance, which we desire to establish between them, those of France, and those of England-, and that, in order thereto, you may be able to do whatever we should or might do (although it may be of such a Nature, as might require a more special Power and Commission) and to oblige us to perform the fame: We do therefore declare, and give our Faith and royal Word, that, whatever shall be done, transacted, and concerted, by you, the said Marquis de la Paz, and Don Joseph Patino, with the said Marquis de Brancas, M.lVm. Stanhope, and M. Benjamin Keene, jointly or separately, from this Time forward, we do consent'to, approve, and accept, and will hold good in all Time coming; and we oblige ourselves to abide by, and maintain, the fame, as a Thing done in our Name, by our Will, and royal Authority:

We also oblige ourselves, within the Time limited, that shall be specified therein, according to Custom, to approve and ratify in due Form, with the requisite, necef-i'ary, and usual, Powers, and Oaths, all, that, by Virtue of these Presents, shall be concluded and agreed, generall y and particularly, to the end it may be valid and established now, and at all Times. Ju Confirmation of which, we have caused these Presents to be dispatched, signed with our Hand, sealed with the Privy Seal, and countersigned by my under-written Secretary of State and of the Dispatches. Given at Seville, the Fifth of November, 1729.

I the King.

Don jojeph Rodrigo.

Full Powers of their High Mightinesse, the States General.

THE States General of the United Provinces of the Low Countries, to all those, who shall fee thete Presents,

Greeting. Whereas we have always a sincere Ddire to continue, and to strengthen, the good Intelligence and Friendship, wherein we have the Honour to live with his Catholick Majesty; and as we furthermore desire tocontribute, jointly with our high Allies, the most Christian King, and the King ot Britain, to the

advancing the Interests, and to the Satisfaction, of his Catholick Majesty, and of his royal House: And whereas, in the present Situation of Affairs, it may be found convenient to treat and agree upon certain Points and Articles, tending to the better Preservation or the publick Quiet: We, therefore, confiding in the Prudence, Fidelity, and Experience, of the Sieur Francis Meer, our Ambassador at the Court of Spain, have named, commissioned, and appointed, him, do name,

commission.

4T^ $3 0 janu1729.

commission, and appoint, him, our Plenipotentiary; in all the Countries under his Dominion, on the foot spe-0a" 1 g‘v*ng unto him, by these Presents, full Power and cified by the said Treaties, and for causing them to be

Command, as well general, as special, jointly with the exactly observed and fulfilled.

Plenipotentiaries of their most Christian and Britannick ad.

Majesties, to confer and treat with him or them, who Consequently, all Ships, Merchandize, and Effects, shall in like manner be provided with full Power from whidi shall not have been taken or seized on account of un-his Catholick Majesty, upon such Points and Articles, as lawful Commerce, and which shall now be proved, by they together shall find to be agreeable to mutual Interests, authentick Proofs and Documents, to have been detained, and to the Establishment of the publick Quiet, and to seized, or confiscated, in the Ports of Spain, either ire settle, conclude, and sign, with them, for this Purpose, Europe, or in the and, namely* the Ship Prince

such Adbs, Articles, Conventions, or other Instruments, , and her Cargo, if they have not been restored

as they shall find necessarjj and to do all Things con- already, shall be immediately restored, in the same Kind, cerning the fame, which we might do ourselves, if we were as to thoie Things, which shall be found still remaining in present; promising (incerely and faithfully, that we will that Condition, or in Default thereof, the just and true agree to, confirm, and abide by, whatsoever the said Sieur Value of them, according to their Valuation; which, if it Francis Vander Meer, by Virtue of this our Power, shall was not made at the time, shall be regulated by the au-

have negociated, settled, concluded, and signed; and that thentick Informations, which the Proprietors shall exhibit

we will pass in due Form thereupon our Acts of Appro- to the Magistrates of the Places and Towns, where the

bation and Ratification. Seizures were made; his Britannick Majesty promising

In Witness whereof, we have caused this Present to be the like, on his Part, as to all Seizures, Confiscations, or sealed with our great Seal, to be signed by the President of Detentions, which may have been made, contrary to the our AITembly, and countersigned by our Greffier, at the Tenor of the said Treaties; their said Britannick and Ca-Hague, the Twenty-first of July, in the Year 1729. tholick Majesties agreeing, that, with respect to the like

E. Tamminga. Seizures, Confiscations, or Detentions, on either Side, the

By Order of the abovesaid States General. Validity of which may not yet have been sufficiently F. Fagel. made out, the Discussion and Decision of them shall be

rrTTt>,n r,' , i /r . _ , referred to the Examination of the Commissaries, to do

THE I R High Mightinesse the States General of t|ierejn according to Right, upon the foot of the Treaties the United Provinces of the Low Countries having by here above mentioned.

the Sieur Francis Vander Meer their Ambassador and The rcfent f te Artidcs fliaI1 have the same Force> Plenipotentiary to his Catholick Majesty, provided with as jf t]iey were inserted word for word in the Treaty, con-fall Powers for that Effect, acceded this Day to the pub- eluded and signed this Day; they shall be ratified in the hek Treaty, concluded between their Britannick, most same Manner; and the Ratifications of them shall be cx-Christian, and Catholick, Majesties, andsigned ot Seville changed at the same time, as those of the said Treaty, the Ninth of November, in this present Year; and having jn Witness whereof, we, the under-written Ministers been invited, in like manner, by the said lowers to plenipotentiaries of his Britannick Majesty, of his most accede to the separate Articles,^settled between the said christian Majesty, and of his Catholick Majesty. by Vir-contrafting Parties, and signed the same Day, which tue of our full Powers, have signed the present separate separate Articles are here inserted word for word: Articles, and caused the Seals of our Arms to be put

Separate Articles. thereto. Done at Seville, the Ninth Day of a 729.

I, Brancas. El Marq' de la Paz.

Although, conformably to the preliminary Articles, (E. S.) (L. S.) (L. S.)

it is said in the Fourth Article of the Treaty, signed this Keene. D. Joseph Patino.

Day, that the Commerce of the EnglijkNation in Ame- (L. S.) (E. S.)

rica should be re-established on the foot of the Treaties And the said Sieur Francis Vunder Meer, and the Minif-and Conventions, antecedent to the Year 1725; how- ters of the contrading Parties, having conferred together, ever, for the greater Exactness, it is further declared by have mutually agreed, that their High Mightinesse, the the present Article between their Britannick and Catholick States General, shall accede, as the said Sieur Vander Meer Majesties, which shall have the same Force, and be under declares, that they do accede, as in fact he does by this Act the same Guaranty, as the Treaty, signed this Day, that accede, in their Name, and on their Part, to the present under that general Denomination are comprehended the separate Articles; obliging them, towards their said Treaties of Peace, and of Commerce, concluded at Majesties, to all, that is therein contained, intirely in the Utrecht the 13 th of July, and 9th of December, in the same manner, as if they had con traded with them from the Year 1713, in which are comprized the Treaty of 1667, Beginning; and that their Majesties shall accept the Ac-made at Madrid, and the Cedulas therein mentioned; the cession of their High Mightinesse, as the said Ministers latter Treaty, made at Madrid the 14th of December have declared, that they accept it, as in fad they do by 1715; as also the particular Contract, commonly called this Act accept this Accession, in the Name, and on the the Ajfiento, for bringing Negro Slaves into the Spanish Part of their said Majesties; obliging them, towards Indies, which was made the 26th Day of March, in the their High Mightinesse, to all, that is contained in the said Year 1713, in consequence of the Twelfth Article of said separate Articles, intirely in the same manner, as the Treaty of Utrecht-, and likewise the Treaty of Decla- if they had contracted with their Majesties from the

ration touching that of the Ajfiento, made the 26th of Beginning.

May 1716: All which Treaties, mentioned in this Ar- This present Treaty, for the Accession of the States tide, with their Declarations, shall (rom this Day (even General, shall be approved and ratified by their Majesties during the Examination by the Commissaries) be and the King of Great , the most Christian King, and

remain in their Force, Virtue, and full Vigour; for the the Catholick King, and by the Lords the States General Observation of which his Catholick Majesty shall cause to of the United Provinces of the Low; and the

be dispatched forthwith, if they have not been dispatched, Ratifications shall be brought and exchanged at the the necessary Orders, and Ceduals, to his Vice-roys, Go- Court of Spain, within the Space of Three Months, to be vernors, and other Ministers, to whom it shall appertain, reckoned from the Day of the signing this Present, or as well in Europe, as in the Indies, to the end that, with- sooner, if it be possible.

out any Delay or Interpretation, they may cause them to In Witness whereof, we, the under-written Ministers be observed and fulfilled. Plenipotentiaries of his Britannick Majesty, of his most

In like manner his Britannick Majesty promises and en- Christian Majesty, of his Catholick Majesty, and of their gages to publifti the necessary Orders, if any be wanting, High Mightinesse the States General, by Virtue of our for re-establishing the Commerce of the Subjects of Spain full Powers, have signed this present Act of Accession to

tliel'e

3 Geo. II. 230 —

these separate Articles, and have caused the Seals of our Arms to be put thereunto. Done at Seville, the Twenty-'first of November 1729

IV.Stanhope. Brancas. El Marq'

(L.S.) (L.S.) (L.S.) (L.S.)

B.Keene. D. Joseph Patino.

(L.S.) (L.S.)

Supply. The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Sir Charles Turner also acquainted the House, that he

was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Cftomiitew. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 26° die;

Anno 3* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1729. Prayers.

lock»nd A PETITION of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Wwion the f\ Farmers, and Traders, in the County of Berks, was "MKS' s* presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that in the 6th and 7th of Wm III. an Act passed, intituled, "An Act to prevent Exactions of the Occupiers of Locks "and WearS'upon the Kiver of Thames Westward, and " for ascertaining the Rates of Water Carriage upon the " laid River;" which Act was to continue for Nine Years, and has not since been revived, to the great Detriment and Exactions upon the Petitioners, and other his Majesty's Subjects, by imposing extravagant Rates for Water Carriage upon Goods by the Proprietors or Under-tenants, of those Locks and Wears; whereby the Petitioners are become subject to all the Abuses, set forth in the Preamble of that Act, and they now pay 15J. for Carriage of a Chaldron of Coals from London to Abingdon, for which, within a few Years, they paid but 10 and so in proportion for all other Goods: And praying, that the said Act may be revived, and such other Reliet given against other Nuiiantes, not specified in the said Act, as to the House shall fern meet.

Ordered, That the7 laid Petition be referred to a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the lame, as t shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir John Stonhouse, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Annejley, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Cholmondeley, Sir Geo. Cafwall, Mr. Norris, Sir Charles Wager, Mr. Shippen, Mr. Bramston, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Rucks,

Mr. byng, Mr. IValkyn Williams Mr. Sloper, Mr.

Vernon, Mr. Clayton, Sir Wm. Stapleton, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Winnington, Sir Edward KnLord Morpeth, Mr.

Shepheard, Sir Thomas Read, Colonel , Mr. Lowe, Sir John Rufliout, Mr. Geers, Mr. Ttrwnfend, Mr. More-ton, Sir Geo. Oxenden, Mr. Sandys; and all the Members, that serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Berks, Bucks, Surrey, Oxford, Gloucester, Wilts, and the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, Vo 1.. 21.

Januarii. 417

of the City of Oxford, was presented to the House, and read; setting firth, that the Tenants and Occupiers of several Locks and Wears upon the Rivers of Thames and Ifs do demand such unreasonable Prices from the Owners of all Barges and Vessels, carrying any Goods and Merchandise, and also Coals, thereon, that the Charge is almost double to what was paid for the same near Twenty Years since; which is become a grievous Burthen to the Petitioners, and their Families and Trade: And praying, that the Act, 6* et 70 Willielmi, to prevent Exactions of the Occupiers of Locks and Wears upon the River of Thames Westward, and for ascertaining the Rates of Water Carriage upon the said River, which has been long since expired, may be revived, and such further Methods taken, for the Ease of his Majesty's Subjects, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Farmers, and Traders, in the County of Berks, is referred; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition of the Chancellor, Mailer, and Scholars, Locks and of the University of Oxford, was presented to the House, Wears on the and read; setting forth, that since the Expiration of an Thames, &c. Act, 6° et 7* Willielmi III. for preventing Exactions of the Owners of Locks and Wears, and the Proprietors of Towing-paths, upon the River of Thames Westward, and for ascertaining the Rates of Water Carriage, extravagant Rates have been imposed upon the Barge-masters, for passing the several Locks upon the said River, by the Proprietors, or their Under-tenants, of such Locks,

Wears, and Towing-paths; by which Means the Petitioners are in great Measure deprived of the Benefit of the Navigation: And praying, that the said Act may be revived, and such other Relief given, as may prevent any Inconveniences, that may arise to his Majesty's Subjects by such extravagant Rates.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen,

Freeholders, Farmers, and Traders, in the County of Berks, is referred; and that they do examine th Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Farmers, and Traders, in the County of Oxon, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that in the 6th and 7th Years of King William the 3d. an Act of Parliament passed, to prevent Exactions of the Occupiers of Locks and Wears upon the River of Thames Westward, and for ascertaining the Rates of Water Carriage upon the said River; which Act hath long since expired, to the great Detriment of the Petitioners, and others his Majesty's Subjects, who have suffered all the Abuses, set forth in the Preamble of that Act, by the extravagant Rates, the Proprietors of L^cksand Wears have set upon the Barge-masters, passing through the fame, and by the Owners of Towing-paths; and many other Nuisances, not specified in the said Act, are increased; whereby they are in great Measure deprived of feme of the Necessaries of Life, especially Coals, for which was paid within few Years, no more than 15 s. per Chaldron Freight from London to Oxford, which is now- advanced to 25 per Chaldron, and so in Proportion for the Carriage of all other Goods:

And praying, that the said Act may be revived, and such Methods taken, for the Ease and Conveniences of his Majesty's Subjects, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen,

Freeholders, Farmers, and Traders, in the County of Berks, is referred; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Mr. Shepheard reported from the Committee, to whom Wilbech, the Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Merchants, *c.Roads. Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants, of the several Towns of Wisbech and March, in the Isle of Ely and County of Cam-

5 N bridge.

1

418 26° Januarii. A. 1729.

bridge, was referred; that the Committee had examined and that they do examine the matter thereof, anti report the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House, report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House:

And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards . A Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, Vellry, Stratford nc» delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; where the same and other Inhabitants, of Mary, Stratford Bow, in Church, was read, and is as follows; viz. the County of was presented to the House,

That the Committee, pursuant to the Order of the and read; setting forth, that the Paid Parish, by the nc‘

Hotife, proceeded to examine the Allegations of Dead ness of Trade, increase of their Poor, and Largeness i fa

the Petition; and, to prove the fame, the Witnesses of their Taxes, are incapable of making any other Pro- . 1

following were severally called, and examined; viz.vision towards a Maintenance of the Rector of their . ] 1

John Symons, Edward Adams, and Matthew Walton, Church, which is one of the Fifty new Churches, than by

who laid, that the Road between Wisbech and March, in allowing to such Rector, and hisSuccessors, Forty Pounds 'j

the Isle of Ely, which is about Eight Miles, is so very Per Annum in lieu of the Moneys, to be raised on the Pews

bad, that there is no travelling through the same in the in the said Church and Chancel, and for the Burials in

Winter Season; and, particularly, one Part of the Road* the Church and Church-yard, allowing all other Fees and

called March Chain, and another Part, called Guihirne, Perquisites; which will not be sufficient for their Support, D:

about Three Miles in Length, are now become so dan* without some further Allowance from tire Commissioners I

gerour, by the Overflowing of the Waters, and the Num- for the Fifty new Churches: That the Petitioners are ber of Cattle and Carriages passing through the fame, desirous, that the said Forty Pounds per Annum, in lieu: ,

that in some Part of the Summer Scalon Part of the of the Pews and Burials, and other Fees and Perquisites, 11

Road is almost impassable; which is a great Detriment together with what Allowance the Commissioners for the

to the Inhabitants living the reabouts, and such, a? Fifty new Churches shall make, may b&established by travel through the fame: Act of Parliament, towards the Maintenance of the said To

And laid, that a nearer and more commodious Road might be made between the said 'Towns, at a final 1 Expence, from a Place, called March Common, to Part of the old Road, called Guihirne, being about a Mile and half in Length; and that Materials, proper for amending the Road, lie very near; and the Owners are willing to dispose thereof, on reasonable Terms, for amending the Road.

That the Witnesses said, they have often been obliged to go through other Mens Ground, and to pay a Toll, not ascertained, but at the Discretion of the Owner of such Way.

And they further said, that, although the Statute-work has been constantly done upon the Road, yet it has not been sufficient to repair the fame.

That it appeared to the Committee, that, without the Assistance of Parliament, the Road cannot be effectually amended, and made fit for Travellers to pass with Safety in the Winter Season.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and amending the Road between the Towns of Wisbech and March, in the Isle of Ely and County of - Cambridge; and that Mr. Shepheard, Mr. Thomas

and Mr. Henry Bromley, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Navy Mr. Byug, Treasurer of the Navy, presented to the Services. House, pursuant to their Order, An Account of what Money has been ordered by the Right honourable the Lords of the Treasury, and received by the Treasurer of his Majesty's Navy, for any Services of the Navy, from the 3 ill Day of December, 1728, to the 31st Day of December, 1729, distinguishing the Times, when the same was received, and the Services to which it was applied.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Wigtown, A Petition of the Magistrates, Town Council, and jtc. Election. Clerk of Wigtown, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that at the late Election of a Burgess, to serve in Parliament for the District of Whit-

horn, New Galloway, and Stranrawer, John Esquire, pretended to be elected at Stranrawer, though by the Statute in that same provided, the Election ought to have been at Wigtown, and the Return made by the Common Clerk of Wigtown; which Proceedings tend to the Petitioners Prejudice, and totally to overthrow the Right of Elections in Scotland: And praying such Relief, as "the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to theon-sideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections

Rector, apd his Successors: And therefore praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes '

aforesaid, or that the Petitioners may have such other i ,!

Relief, as to the House shall seem meet. j

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the f fi

Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman , Mr. Hall,

Mr. Shepheard, Mr. Vyner, Mr. C Lord ®

Mr. Bacon, Mr. Alderman Child., Mr. Lee, Sir Humphry Howorth, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Page, Mr. Crowle, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Cross, Mr. Alderman Barnard,

Mr. Walcot, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Bramston, Lord Morpeth, Sir John Barrington, Sir Edward Sir

John Eyles, Mr. Evans, Mr. Alderman , Mr.

TufneU, Mr. Williams, Mr. Metcalfe, Mr. Hacks, Mr.

Newland, Mr. Shippen, Sir Nicholas Williams, Mr. Geers,

Mr. Harvey, Mr. Martyn, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Vincent, Sir John Jennings, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Aldington, Mr.

Jkend, Mr. Owen, Sir Robert Abcly, Mr. Fortescue, Sir Tho. Hales, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir Rowland Alston, I

Mr. Harley; and all the Members, that serve for the;

City of London, and County of Middlesex: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons,

Papers, and Records.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant Servim to their Address to his Majesty, An Account of Ser- unprovided, vices incurred, and not provided for by Parliament.

Mr. Secretary at War also, by his Majesty's Command, presented to the House, 1

Estimate of the Charge of Two thousand Two hundred Hessian i

Twenty-four Horse, One thousand Eighthundred Thirty- Troops, ;tc. fix Dragoons, and Eight thousand and Thirty-four Foot, of the Troops of his Highness the Landgrave of Hejfc Cajfel, for the Year 1730; and also,

An Account of Subsidy, payable by his Majesty to the Duke of Brunswick Lunenburg Wolfenbuttie, pursuant to Treaty.

And the Titles of the said Accounts and Estimate were read.

The said Accounts and Estimate are as follows; viz.

0 1

Ak

1 i

r

5

5

a

l' i r>

‘C

It

*1 1 i i?

it

3

3

n-

3: ,

a I

n

t

i.

S;:

it-

Si

k

u

% I

£k>

ij t

q-‘:

i)

i rtt f

3 Geo. II. 16a Januarii. 419

An ACCOUNT of Services incurred, and not provided for by Parliament.

The several Payments to Mr. Missing, the Contractor for supplying Gib- s.

raltar with Provisions, upon the monthly Lists of Men victualled, from the 20th of December 1725, to the 27th July 1729, and for other incident Charges, and Damages, according to the Terms of his Contract, do amount to - -- - 111,853 13 4J

From 28th July to 14th December 1729, is Five Months, at 28 Days to the Month, which, at £. 1,900. per Month, the nearest Estimate, according to the present Number of Men victualled, is ----- 9*500 — - —

Allow for Charges of insuring; Cargoes of Provisions, and other incident Charges and Provisions, by Estimate, about ----- - 646 6 7J

Total Estimate of this Expence to the 14th December 1729 - iaa, coo — —

Dcduct thereout the Amount of the Supplies, granted in Parliament for this Service, from 20th December 1725, to the 14th of December 1729 - 117,516 3 ui

Remains to be provided for ——

The Difference of Pay between the Rnglish and Irish Estabbfhments, for the Three Regiments of Brigadier Newton, C >louel Hayes, and Colonel serving at Gibraltar, from 25th

December 1728, to the 24th December 1729, is - - - -

To satisfy his Majesty's Warrants to Lieutenant-general , for extraordinary Services and Expences in the Highland*in Scotland, in the Year. 1729 ——

The full Pay of the Hessian Forces, from the ift Day of to the 24th of

December 1727, computed at 10 Guilders 10 Stivers to the Pound Sterling, s. d,

pursuant to his Majesty's Warrant of the 28th December 1728, is - 177,143 13 1

The like from 25th December 1727, to 24th December 1728, is - - 241,920 — —

Total of their full Pay ----- -- 419,063 13 1

Deduct the Amount of the Supplies, granted in Parliament £. s. for this Service; viz.

In the Year 1727, upon Account - 170,000 ——

In the Year 1728 ----- - 230,923 11 8

----- ----- --400,923 11 8

Remains, to be provided for ----- -- ..... —

4,483 16

2,628 — — 3,528 15 —

18,140 1 5

Whitehall, 26 th , I yr %

Total 28,780 12 5$

H. Pelham.

Vol. fl. ESTIMATE

,1*

1

4^>

i6- Januariu

A. 17^9-

ESTIMATE of the Charge of 2,224 Hotfe, 1,836 Dragoons, and 8,034 Foot, of the Troops of his Highness die Landgrave of Hep Caflell, from the 125th of 1729, to the 24th of December, 1730,

being 365 Days.

' 1 The Ihme

- Numbers, including Pay in Holland reduced to Srerling*

Ollicers. Money. at 10 Guilders, 10

HORSE. Stivers, to the Pound.

The Pay of One Regiment of Horse, of Nine Troops, Guilders, d. C

of 50 Men in a Troop, besides Officers 555 - - 200,256 13 — } 19,072 1 3

The Pay of Three Regiments more, of the like Num-

bers - - - >- 1,668 - - - 600,769 19 — -J. 57>21* 3 9

Total Horl'c - - 2,224 801,026 13 — 76,288 5 —

DRAGOONS.

The Pay of One Regiment off Dragoons, of Teh

Troops, of 72 Men in each Troop, besides Officers 918 - - - 236,021 13 — 22,478 5 3

Ouf Regiment of Dragoons more, of the like Numbers 918 - - 236,021 15 — 22,478 5 3

Total Dragoons - - - 1,836 472,043 11 — 44,956 10 6

FOOT.

The Pay of One Regiment of Foot Guards, of Ten Companies, of 43 Men in ejeh Company, besides Officers 618 - - - 110,962 9 — 10,567 17 —

The Pay of One Regiment of Grenadier Guards, of the

like Numbers - - - ... 618 - - - 110,962 9 — 10,567 17 -

The Pay of One Regiment of Foor, of Ten Companies,

of 43 Men in each, besides Officers - 6x8 - 94,384 2 — I 8,988 19 3

The Pay of Ten Regiments of Foot more, of the like -

Numbers ----- -- 6,180 - - 943,841 5 — 89,889 12 6

Total Foot - 8,034 -1,260,150 5 — j \ 120,014 5 9

- - Horse - - 2,224 101,026 13 — 76,288 5 —

- - Dragoons 1,836 472,043 XI — 44,956 10 6

Total - - 12,094 2,533,220 9 241,259 I 3

Whitehall, 26 th January, 17 ! 2.

:W

V3

II. Pelbam.

An ACCOUNT of the Subsidy, payable by his Majesty to the Duke of Lunenburg Wolfenbuttell,

pursuant to Treaty.

fifth Day of March 1727

Whitehall, 26th 174

Per Annum.

IVoftnbuttelly pursuant to a Treaty, dated the Twenty- L d. 25,000 — —

//. Pelham.

J..fb of I'crfens admitted Attorneys.

Supply.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Estimate, do lie upon the Table, to be pertifed by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That Lifts be laid before this House, of all such Persons, as have been admitted Attorneys, or Solicitors, in pursuance of the Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for the better Regulation of Attorneys and Solicitors; with the Places of their usual Abode, when and where admitted, and by whom.

Sir Charles Turner (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution, they had directed him to report

to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read; and are as follows; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Ten thousand Men be employed for the Sea Service, for the Year 17 30, beginning from the First Day of January 1729.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four Pounds per Man per Month, be allowed, for maintaining the said Ten thousand Men, for Thirteen Months, including the Ordnance for Sea Service.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred and Thirteen thousand One hundred Sixty-eight Pounds, Sixteen

Shillings,

3 Geo. II. i 6* JanuariL 4a i

Shillings, and Five Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for the Ordinary of the Navy, including Half-pay for Sfea Officers, for the Year 1730.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Foreign A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, lubfidits. That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to communicate to this House any Engagements, he may have entered into, for the Payment of Subsidies to foreign Princes, or the Hire of foreign Troops, and which have not already been laid before this House,

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Tellers for.be Yeas,{ ^£7' } »W-

Tellers for the Noes| } eoo.

So it passed in the Negative.

Prohibiting Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill Loans to° to prevent, or prohibit, any Person or Persons, his foreignSutes Majesty's Subjects, or residing within this Kingdom, to advance or lend any Sum or Sums of Money to any foreign Prince, State, or Potentate, without Licence obtained from his Majesty, under his privy Seal, or some greater Authority} and that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Secretary at War, and Mr. Attorney-general, do prepare, and bring in, the tame.

ieaonuris A Petition of the major Part of the Burgesses of the Eltfiion. Borough of Beaumaris, in the County of was

pretented to the House, and read; setting forth, that all the Burgesses of Beaumaris have a Right to vote for a Burgess, to serve in Parliament for the Shire Town of Anglesey: That at the last Election there, the Candidates were, Henry Bertie, Watkin Williams , and

Bodvell, Esquires; and the Petitioners tendered their Votes for Mr. Bodvell; but John Rowlands, the Mayor, and Maurice Evans and John Green, the Bailiffs, of the Borough of Beaumaris, illegally returned the said Mr. Wynne, though Mr. Bodvell had a Majority of legal Votes; and the said Mayor and Bailiffs were guilty of several other illegal and undue Practices: And praying Relief in- the Premises.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House upon cTkurfday, the Twenty-sixth Day of February next.

A Petition of the Burgesses of the Borough of Newburgh, in the County of Anglesey, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners have

a Right to vote for a Burgess, to serve in Parliament for the Shire Town of the County of Anglesey; and at the last,

Election there} Henry Bertie, Watkin Williams Wynne,

and Wm. Bodvell, Esquires, flood Candidates; and the

Petitioners then were present, and tendered their Votes;

but the Mayor and Bailiffs of Beaumaris rejetted them}

and have illegally returned Mr. , although Mr.

Bodvell had a Majority of legal Votes; and the Mayor and Bailiffs were guilty of many other undue Practices:

And praying Relief therein.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House upon 5Ti the Twenty-

sixth Day of February next, when the Matter of the Petition of the major Part of the Burgesses of the Borough of Beaumaris, in the said County of Anglesey, complaining of an undue Elettion and Return for the said Borough of Beaumaris, is appointed to be heard.

A Petition of Jacob Banks, and Edward Hooper, Christ-church junior, Esquires, was presented to the House, and read } Elcflioft. setting forth, that at the last Elettion of Members, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Christ-church Twyneham,

Com* Somerset, the Petitioners, with Joseph Hinxman,

and Charles Withers, Esquire, flood Candidatesj and the Petitioners had a Majority of legal Votes; but Mr.

HinXman and Mr. Withers by corrupt and illegal Practices prevailed with Matthew Imber, who presided at the said Elettion, to make an unjust Return of themselves, to the-Prejudice of the Petitioners: And praying the House ttf take the Merits of this Elettion and Return into Consideration, and give such Relief, as shall be just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Cori-sideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof} and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

The House being informed, that Mr. from the Emirs on

Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door, he was Candle* and called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pur- S°*P« suant to their Order,

An Account of the gross and net produce of the Duties upon Candles, for Seven Years, to last, distinguishing each Year j and also,

An Account of the gross and net Produce of the Duties upon Soap, for Seven Years, to Midsummer last, . distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are contained in the annexed Sheet of Paper.

5 O

An

g

eg'

« — h

n'

CD

CL

cr

n

o

An ACCOUNT of the grofe and net Produce of the Duties upon Candles, for Seven Year?, to Midsummer last, distinguishing each Year.

Gross Produce

Charges of Management -Taxes -

Exports ... Allowances for Over-charges

Total of Deductions Net Produce -

Excise Office, January 26th, 17-54.

Year, ended Midsummer *7*3 Year, ended Midsummer 1724. Year, ended Midsummer *7*5- Year, ended Midsummer \ji6v Year, ended Midsummer 17*7* Year, ended Mid fans met 1-728. Year, ended Midsummer *7*»-

£ s. d. /. d. £ r. £. s. £ s. d. t. d. C j. </.

- m m *5 3»36a *4 10 *5*»247 2 i* 149,276 8 Hi *5*43° >4 6 *53,*3* 7 8* 143,786 5 31 136,835 7 *i

m a. 12,819 11 *4 12,683 *9 *1 12,629 4 10 *3*594 *4 3 *3.3°* *7 7i *3>392 *3 6i 13,218 *5 4*

- - 610 *9 — 610 t — 453 *5 9* 803 9 42 650 9 81 1,302 6 10 974 31-

- - *»73* *5 ioi *>5°7 16 6i *>513 12 7« *>843 *3 8i 1,011 18 — 1 *>3*7 18 3 2,115 3 — i

49 2 10 46 5 7 75 5 4 33 — 3i 64 *3 5 37 *3 *1 53 14 4

m - 15.211 9 71 *4^53 2 4 14,671 18 7 16,274 17 n 15,028 18 9* 16,0 JO 1 I 8g 16,361 14 — i

m >3»>*5* 5 2i *36,393 *9 9* 134,604 10 4i 135*155 16 105 138,802 8 IOJ *47,735 1 I 81 *2°»473 13 11

c *53»362 *4 10 *5*>247 2 if 149,276 8 ill *5*43° *4 6 *53.83* 7 81 143,786 3 51 *36,835 7

H

John Wet bam.

Geo. Duckett', Cha.

tTho. Wytde, Ja. Vernon.

R. Eyre.

Tho. IVyvill, Accomptant-General.

An ACCOUNT of the gross and net Produce of the Duties upon Soap, for Seven Years, to Midsummer last, distinguishing each Year.

Gross Produce -

Charges of Management -Taxes -

Exports -

Allowances for Over-charges ' -D* for Soap, consumcdin the W nufadtory - -

Total of Deductions Net Produce -

Excise Office, , January 16th, 1754.

Year, ended Midsummer Year, ended Midsummer Year, ended Midsummer Year, ended Midsummer Year, ended Midsummer Year, ended Midsummer Year, ended Midsummer

1723. 7724. 1725 1 Ji6 17*7 .728. 1719.

£ r. r/ £ j. r. d. r. d. s. d & s. d. £ r.

*7°,75° *4 9 *73,7*8 3 4 168,108 *3 io£ 169,169 *3 *i 166,882 I 61 162,185 8 3 *55,4*® *7 Si

- 5,804 12 9\ 5*881 10 *1 5,93* *3 81 6,436 7 *1 6,320 *9 11 6,118 *4 9* 6,402 *9 -i

205 5 a i 225 4 no 4 11 33° *9 iH 225 12 61 440 5 — f 325 5 — 4

*,755 7 al 1,306 8 3* 1,019 *3 7l 32* *5 ill 496 8 51 464 *9 9l 855 18 — 1

Ma- *3 *4 5$ *7 *4 1 36 *5 4f 8 11 -1 60 ? 7f 45 *9 9 43 11

- 9,785 — 2| *0,497 *7 n 10,682 7 3i 10,949 12 ioi 9,699 *5 7* 9.063 *5 9 9,019 *5 71

*7,563 *9 9* 17,948 *4 3t 17,78° *4 n| 18,047 7 9l 16,803 4 2 16,138 *5 n 16,647 8 91

m *53,*86 *4 i*l *55,789 9 — i J5°,3 2 7 18 lOf 151,122 6 2i 150,07 a *? 4i 146,046 *3 ii 138,77* 8 71

£. 170,750 *4 9 *73,7*8 3 4 168,108 *3 *o{ 169,169 *3 Mf 166,882 f 64 162,185 8 3 *55,4*8 *7 5l

John Whet ham, R.

Geo. Duckett, Cha.

Tho. Wylde, Ja. Vernon. R. Eyre.

Tho, Wy Accoraptan t - General.

c T

2 6° Januarii. 17 39.

Committee of Privileges.

Torm\ tec. Nat.

Duties on Soap and Caudles.

Difpfition the Sinking fund, &c.

3 Geo. II. 26° — 27° — i8° Januani. 453

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, . _ fi

to be perused by the Members of the House. NierCUril, 8 die;

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges ami Elec* tions be adjourned.

And then the House adjbufned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 2 70 die Januarti;

Anno 3° Georgii II41 Regis* 1729. Praters.

SIR Rickard Lane reported from the Committee* to whom the Bill for naturalizing Paul Aortas, Fulcrand Mourgue, Edward and Cefar Le

Maiftre, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and considered of the Petition of John Anthony De Normandie, and Cleopas Simond, which was referred to the said Committee,

and found the said Allegations, and Matters of the said Petition, to be true; and thereupon had made several Amendments to the Bill, which the Committee had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table} where the said Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the incorporated Company of Soap-makers, and Chandlers, within the City of whole

Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; against the Duties upon Soap and CandleSi

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the said Petition do lie upon the Table}

The House divided:

The Noes go forth i

{Mr. Watkyn I

Wynne, > 94.

Mr. Geers: J

Tellers for the Noes,[/ j "7-

So it passed in the Negative.

Then a Motion was made, and the Question being put* That the said Petition be rejected }

The H >use divided:

The Noes go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas.f^-^« }

Tellers for the Noes.j Mr.^W:' J 6»-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, nemine contradicente, That this House will, upon Friday Three Weeks, the Twentieth Day of February next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration that Part of his Majesty's most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, which relates to the Disposition of the growing Produce of the Sinking Fund, and the giving Ease to the Subject, where the Duties are most grievous.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vol. 21.

Anno 3° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1729.

Praters.

AP E TITIO N of the Mayor and Commonalty of York the City of York, in behalf of themselves, and others, Workhouse, Citizens of, and Inhabitants within, the said City, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, that the Number of the Poor within the said City, and Suburbs thereof, hath of late so greatly increased, through the Want of proper Employment and Provision for them, that they are become a very great Burden and Charge:

And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the erecting one or more Workhouses within the said City, for the employing and maintaining the Poor therd, and for the better enlightening the Streets of the said City, in such Manner, and with such PoWers, Provisoes* and Authorities, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee} and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Wm. Milner, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Plummer, Mr. VanMr. Scrope, Mr. Lockyeat, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Hales, Mr. Selwyn, Mr.

Cary, Mr. Cross, Sir John Cope, Mr. Fane, Mr. Vincent,

Mr. Metcalfe, Mr. Drew, Mr. Arundell, Mr. Reynell,

Mr. Jessop, Mr. Durtcomb, Mr. Dockminique, Mr. Bacon,

Sir Edward Knatchbull, Mr. Griffith, Sir Orlando Bridgman, Mr. Sandyi, Sir John Dutton, Mr. Whitworth, Sir

Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Waller, Dr. Sayer, Lord Morpeth,

Mr Winnington, Colonel Pearfe, Mr. Vernon, Sir,

D'Arcy, Mr. Bramston, Mr. Ash\ and all the Members, that serve for the County of YorktKn they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber 5 and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clothiers, and Strowdwater other chief Inhabitants, and Traders, living in, or near, Navigation, the Towns of Strowd and Bijley, and the several Town-ships, Hamlets, and Villages, of ChaNadjivcrtk, and Woodche/ier, and other adjacent Places, in the County of Gloucester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read} praying that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making the River, called Strowdwater, in Gloucestershire, navigable from the River Severn, near Framiload, to Wallbridge, in regard

the same will be of great Advantage to the Publick, and tend Very much to the Preservation of the Highways, the Improvement of Trade, and especially of the Woollen Manufacture, by which many Thousand Inhabitants in and about the Towns and Places aforesaid are chiefly employed, and supported.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee} and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Dutton, Mr. Tufnell, Mr.

Orlebar, Mr. Pelham, Mr. More, Mr. Sir

Rowland Act on. Sir James Campbell, Mr.

Mr. Lee, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Wyndham, Mr. Hucks, Sir Abra. Ellon, Mr. Heathcote, Mr. Bramston, Sir Geo.

Cafwall, Sir Walter Bagot, Mr. Pe, Mr. Towers, Mr.

Vaughan, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Andrews,

Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Neale, Mr. How, Mr. Master, Mr.

Martin, Mr. Waller, Lord Palmerston, Lord thivaite, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Mr. Holland,

Mr. Douglas, Mr. Williams, Mr. Whitworth, Colonel Read, Mr. Towtt/hend, Sir Thomas Read, Sir Edward Knatchbull, Brigadier Sutton, Mr. Fane, M Mr.

Furnefe, Sir John Aftley, Mr. Berkley, Mr. Lyster, Mr.

Keymifs, Mr. Sandys, Sir Edmund Bacon, Lord Gage,

Mr. Plummer, Mr. Moreton Mr. Pulteney; and all the

Members,

a8° — 290 Januarii. 1729.

Members, that serve for the Counties of and

Wilts: A«>d they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to (end for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Rodina Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Wt"* Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Knight of the Shire, to serve in this present Parliament ior the County of Rutland, in the room of the Right honourable Daniel Finch, Esquire, commonly called Lord Finch, now Earl of and Notting-

ham, called up to the House of Peers.

Supply. The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, being read;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and other his Majesty's Land Forces, in Great Britain, for the Year 1730, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of his Majesty's Forcesin the Plantations, Minorca and Gibraltar, for the Year 1730, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Out-pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1730, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1730, be referred to the said Committeee.

Ordered, That the Account of Services incurred, and not provided for by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that they had come to several Resolutions, which they had diretfted him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Turner also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Comofaec Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec-of Privilege*, tions be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

jovis, 2 90 die;

Anno 3* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1729.

Prayers.

Btoytl's Nat. C IR George Cof wall presented to the House (according O to Order) a Bill for naturalizing Herman and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Stratford Mr. Alderman Perry reported from the Committee,

new Church, to whom the Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens,

m"1 toMnce. Vestry, and other Inhabitants, of St. Mary, Stratford Bow, amtenauce. County of Middlesex, was referred; that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as follows;

That the Committee (pursuant to the Order of the House) proceeded to examine the Allegations of the said Petition; and, to piove the fame, the following v Witnesses were severally called; viz.

Mr. Samuel Fair man and Mr. Ch Churchwardens; Mr. Jacob Wake Im and Mr. Benjamin Dumble-ton, Overseers of the Poor; being Ieverally examined, laid, that the Church of St. Mary, Stratford Bow, being one of the Fifty new Churches, was consecrated in the Year 1719, and Doctor Robert Warren was appointed Rector of the feme; but no Provision has yet been made for the said Rector, but what has been failed by a voluntary Subscription among the Inhabitants, which amounts to about £.70. per Annum, and the Surplice Fees to £.20. per Annum, or thereabout; but that hath decreased every Year, by reason of the great Increase of the Poor of that Parish, and the Taxes paid yearly by the Inhabitants thereof.

And the same Witnesses said, that at a Meeting of the Inhabitants at a publick Vestry, duly called, it was agreed to allow the Rector, and his Successors, ^.40. per Annum, in lieu of the Moneys, to be raised on toe Pews in the said Church and Chancel, and for the Burials in the Church and Church yard, allowing all other Fees and Perquisites; but that will not be sufficient to lup-poit the Rectorfor the Time being, without some farther Allowance be made for that Purpose.

And they also gave Testimor.y, that the Inhabitants are desirous, that the said £.40. per , in lieu of the

Pews and Burials, and other Fees and Perquisites, together with what Allowance the Commissioners for the 50 new Churches shall make, may be established by Act of Parliament, towards the Maintenance of the said Rector, and his Success'ors.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for providing a Maintenance for the Minister of the Parish Church of St. Mary, Stratford Bow, in the County of

Middlesex; and that Mr. Alderman Perry and Dr. Sayer do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingossed Bill for naturalizing Paul , FuU Torn*, 4c. crand Mourgue, Edward Oldenburgh, and Cefar Le Maijhe, Nat. was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill dopafs; and that the Title be,

An Act for naturalizing Paul Torras, and others.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Lane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this Lind and House, an Account of what Arrears of Land Taxes were Unufe T« {landing out at Christmas li ft, with the Names of the Arrears, respective Receivers, in whose Hands the said Arrears remained, distinguishing each Year, and what Proceedings have been had to compel the Payment thereof.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account of what Arrears of the Duties upon Houses were {landing out at last, with the

Names of the respective Receivers, in whose hands the said Arrears remained, distinguishing each Year, and what Proceedings have been had to compel the Payment thereof.

Sir Charles Turner (according to Order) reported from Supply.: the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in'at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Number of effective Men, to be provided for Guards and Garrisons in Great Britain, and for Guernsey and Jersey, for the Year 1730, be, including One thousand Eight hundred and Fifteen Invalids, and Five hundred Fifty-five Men, which the Six Independent Companies consist of, for the Service of the , Seventeen

thousand Seven hundred and Nine Men, Commission and Non-commission Officers included.

Resolved,

5 Geo. I!*

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum* not exceeding Six hundred, Fifty-one thousand Four hundred Eighty-four Pounds, Seventeen Shillings, and One Peny Half-pefiy, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the said Seventeen thousand Sevefi hundred and Nine Men, for Guards, G;jrrifons, and other his Majesty's Land Forces, in Great Britain, Guerrjiey, and jersey, for the Year 1730.

Rtjolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum* not exceeding One hundred "Sixty thousand Two hundred Thirty-five Pounds, Eight Shillings, and One Peny Half-peny, be granted to his Majesty, for maintaining his Majesty's Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar, and for Provisions for the Garrisons at Amerpoti's Royal, and Gibraltar, for the Year 1730.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon* agreed unto by the House.

Ways Resolved, That this House will* upon Monday Morning *ndMeans, next, rel'olve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Mearis for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Reduction of A Motion being made, and the Question being put. Land Faces. That an humble Addrfcfs be made to his Majesty, humbly to represent, that this Hoqfe, having, upon Consideration of the present State of Affairs, voted such a Number of Land Forces to be kept up within this Kingdom for the current Service of the Year, as was proposed by the Estimate, laid before this House by his Majesty's Directions, assurethemselves, that his Majesty,

4*3

firom his just Regard to the Constitutiort of this Kingdom, as well as his earnest Desire to same his People of every Charge, not absolutely necessary, will take the first Opportunity to make a further Reductiofi of those Forces, if the State of Affairs shall admit thereof, before the Conclusion of this, of thfe Beginning of the nekt*

Session Of Parliament;

It passed in the Negative.

Mr. Secretary at War prefefited to the -House* puf-suant to their Address to his Majesty, Lift of the reduced Officer*. Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, entitled to receive Half-pay in Great Britain, with an Eftirtiate of the Charge thereof, for the Year 1730;

And the Title of the -said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Lift do lie tipon the Table* to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Lift is. bound up with the other Papers of this Session;

Ifhe House being informed, that Mr. Flicker, from Dispositioa the Treasury, attended at the Door, he was called in, of Grantfc and, at the Bar, preietited to the House, pursuant to their Address to his. Majesty, An Account, shewing, how the Money, giVeh for the Service of the Year 1^29, hath been disposed of, distinguished under the several Heads, until the 29th-Day of J 1729, and the Parts thereof remaining unfadsfied, with the Deficiency thereupon.

And then he withdre.w,

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Tiie said, Account is contained in the annexed Sheet of Paper.

19*Januariu

Vol. *1.

S*

An

As ACCOUNT, shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1729, hath been disposed of; distinguished under the several Heads, until the 29th Day of , 1729,

and the Parts thereof remaining unsatisfied; with the Deficiency thereupon.

Navi

Ordnance.

Forces.

O

(Q

r*+

n‘

0

Cl

cr

o

o

o.

00*

SERVICES.

( For Vidual. % Wages, and Wear and Tear, of the Navy, and the Victualling thereof, for 15,000 Men, for 13 Months

For the Ordinary of the Navy, and for Halfvpay to Sea Officers -

I Towards the Support of the royal hospital at Greenwich - -

1

For Ordnance, Sea Services For Ditto Land Services

For extraordinary Expences for Land Services, not provided for by Parliament -

f For defraying the Charge of 22,955 Men, for Guards, Garrisons, and Land Forces, Anno 1729 For maintaining his Majesty's Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar, Anno 1729 I Upon Account of Out-pen honors of Chdfcci Hospital ——

I For defraying several extraordinary Expences and Services incurred, and not provided for by Parliament -\ Upon Account of llalf-pay to reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, Amo 1729

For defraying the Expence of 12,000 H<(linns, taken into his Majesty'sPav for the Service of the Year 1729 For one Year's Subsidy to the Kine of Sweden ——

For one Year's Subsidy to the Duke of Brunswick Wolftnbot tie ——

Deficiencies. 1

To make good the Deficiency of the Malt Duty, Amo 1727 -To make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax, Anno 1727 To make good the Deficiency of the General Fund, at Michaelmas 1728 To make good the Deficiency of the Grants, Anno 1728; viz.

To the Navy- ——

To the Ordnance ——

9.359 *9 93,829 11 8

£ * d.

741,000 — . — -

206,025 IO 5

10,00© — —

39,000 — —

81,728 1 3r

8,521 2 ' 2 i

784,983 12

160,357 1 51

12,800 —

20,739 4 7i

57,000 — —

241,259 1 3

50,000 — -

25*000 — —

7 i

105,528 10 54

63,902 15 24

103,189 11 71

£: d.

957*025 »o 5

129,249 3 6

i^52»i38 J9 5i

For cancelling and discharging Exchequer Bills, made forth on the for Seamen's Wages Upon Account of Arrears of his Majesty's Civil List Revenues at 1728

io the CaroUuti Proprietors, for the Purchase of their Title in that Province -lor Rebate to the Bank, for prompt Payment of their Contribution Money -

The Grants towards supplying the said Services:

546.939 2 10J

505,822 5 s£

115,000 ——

22,500 — — 6,123 5 7

£ 3.634.798 7 >* 3.496,713 4 4i

Sums paid.

d.

907,025 10 5

80,000 ——

i»3,3 S — 24

546>939 2 505,822 5

115,000 — 22,500 — 6,123 5

to

3t

£ d.

750,000 ----- --By the MaV Act, Amo 1729.

,500,000 ----- --By the Land Tax, Anno 1729.

*>250,000 — — By Conn ibutious for Annuities by the Bank. 11,694 *7 85 By Arrears of former Land Taxes.

7*57 9 2 By Arrears of the Malt Luty, Anno 17270

3>5i9>352 6 ioJ

115 ,446 — 3 Deficiency of the Grants, Anno 1729.

Residue of the Grants, Anno 17*9. Exchequer Bills on the Land Tax, Anno 1729 ——

Deficiency of the Grants, Anno 1729 -

1

M. Fresher.

Remains to be paid.

/ 3*634.798 7 14

29th January, 1723.

£ *. d.

50,000 — —

49.249 3 6--

38,835 19.

*38,085 2 94

22,639 2 64 115,446 — 3

w p?-

426 29* Januarii. 1729.

3 Geo. II.

290 Jfanuarii. — 2b Februdfiu

417

Ordered, That the said Accourtt do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning*-next, nine Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 2° die;

Anno 3° Georgii II'" Regis, 1729.

P a Y It r s.

JJERM A N Broyel took the Oaths appointed, in order to his Naturalization.

Sarpbfles. Mr. Scrape presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

Surplusses, Hated at Lady-day 1729 j and,

Surplusses, dated at Michaelmas 1729*

And the Titles thereof were read.

Ordered, That the said Surplusses do lie' upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Surplusses are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

T lames.

loch*nd Sir John Stonekoufe reported from the Committee, to

U'mijoo whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Farmers, and Traders, in the County of , and also the Petition of the Mayor* Bailiffs, artd Commonalty, of the City of Oxford, and also the Petition of the Chancellor, Mailers, and Scholars of the University of Oxford, and allb the Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Farmers, and Traders, in the County of Oxon, were referred; that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions, and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as follows; viz.

That the Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, bearing Date the 26th of the lait Month, proceeded to examine the Matter of the said several Petitions, complaining of great Abuses of the Proprietors, or Under-tenants, of Locks and Wears upon the Rivers Thames and IJis, by imposing extravagant Rates for Water Carriage of Goods.

To make good the first Part of the said Petitions,

An Act of Parliament, passed in the Sixth and Seventh Years of the Reign of King William the Third, To prevent the Exactions of the Occupiers of Locks and Wears upon the River of Thames Wellward, and for ascertaining the Rates of Water Carriages upon the said River, was laid before the Committee.

That, in pursuance, of the said Act, the Rates, to be paid at the said Locks, were ascertained, and taken by the Occupiers thereof; but the said Act was made to continue for the Term of Nine Years only, and has not since been continued, or revived.

To prove the Exactions of the Occupiers of Locks on the River Thames, between London and Oxford, since the Expiration, of the said Act,

Robert Hooper was called; who said, that the Prices demanded, and paid, since the making of the said Act, for passing through the Locks, erected upon the River between London and Oxford, have been advanced so much that Mailers of Barges and other Vessels have paid at some of the Locks a fourth Part, and at fume half, and at others treble, more, than they were obliged to pay, during the Continuance of the said Act.

But Robert Hooper said, that the Mailers of the Barges and other Vessels agreed with the Occupiers of some of the Locks, to pay them a certain Price annually, whether they made use of the Locks, or not. —

To prove the Prices demanded, and paid, at the several Locks upon the River, above JoJim Hall was examined, and said, that he had belonged to the River Fifty Years; and that the Occupiers Vot. 21.

of the LtJcks on that Part of the River had raised the Mailers of Barges and other Vessels, at some of thd Locks a fourth Part, at others half, and at some treble* more, than was paid, when the said Act was in Force.

That the said Robert Hooper and Hall said, that the Occupiers of the said Locks imposing such extravagant Rates for Water Carriage of Goods, has been a very great Prejudice to the Navigation, and a great Diminution to the Trade in general of the several Counties, through which the said River runs, as also prejudicial to the Trade of the City of London, and Parts adjacent.

Robert Hooper, being further examined, said, that there was paid, in many Places, double the Price, that was paid , formerly, for Towing-paths, and for passing over the several Ferries and Bridges Upon the River, and that upwards of Threescore Men are now employed to each Barge to tow it, when Six Horses might be sufficient for that Purpose; and that would be of much lei's Expence to the Barge-masters, and less Damage to the Grounds, wherein the Towing-paths are: And also said, that, for Twenty Years together, he never paid any thing for towing his Barge below Kingsisn Bridge, but now is obliged to pay 5a. a Quarter.

Lazvrence Wyat, being examined, laid, that formerly Barge^mallers paid nothing for towing their Barges between Carryot's Wear and Stroud a little above the City of Oxford, but now pay conllanrly Two Guineas a Year for the lame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to revive an Act, made in the Sixth and Seventh Years of the Reign of the late King William the Third, intituled,

" An Act to prevent Exactions of the Occupiers of " Locks and Wears upon the River of Thames Wellward,

" and for ascertaining the Rates of Water Carriage upon " the said River," and fi;r making the said Act more effectual; and that Sir John Stonhouse, Sir Stapleton,

Mr. Perrot, Mr. Roxvney, and Mr. Pctenger, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Justices of the Peace, Gentle- Wood flock, men, and other Persons, living in, and near, the Road, &c. Roads, leading from Rullright Lane, in the County of Oxford, through Enftone, to Woodjtock, in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; letting iorth, that the said Road is about 12 Miles in Length, and by reason of the S' il, and the many heavy Carnages passing through the lame, it is become lb very bad and ruinous, that, in the Winter Sealon, it is impalfible for Waggons, and Horles laden, and even dangerous for Passengers, in many Places: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and amending me said Road, which cannot effectually be done by the ordinary Course of the Laws, for tepairing the Highways of this Kingdom.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Perrot, Mr. Conduit, Sir John Stonhouse, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Ward, Mr. Mr.

Master, Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. Rowney, Sir Nicholas Williams, Mr. Alderman , Sir John HynJ Cotton, Mr. Wat kin Williams Wynne, Mr. , Mr.

Annesley, Sir Geo. Cafwall, Mr. Bertie, Mr.

Sir John Rushout, Mr. Bromley, Sir John Cope, Mr. Po-

tenger, Mr. Ncivland, Mr. Di°by, Mr. Vincent, Mr.

Powlet, Mr. Shepheard, Mr. Whitworth, Lo:d Limerick,

Mr. Sandys, Mr. Windham, Mr. Pley dell; and all the Members, that serve for the Counties of Oxford, Glouctfer,

Worcester, and Warwick: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the C.ock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Shepheard presented to the House (according to Wifbe h, Order) a Bill for repairing and amending the Road &c. Ko»d».

between

a.

4*8

FebfUarii.

1729.

between the Towns of Wisbech and March, in the Isle of , Mr. Alderman Perry, Sir Barrington, Brigadier

Prifce MotwV for Spanish Ships tAcft in 1^18.

Shtrbrook Hill, &c. Roads.

, Sir Edward Mr. Mr.

Whitworth, Sir James Campbell, Mr. , Mr. Kel-

fall, Mr. ScozoeHi Mr. Mr. Mi.

Gould, Sir John Cotton, Sir Edward Bacon, Mr.

Mr. Foley, Mr. Turner, Mr.

Mr. Martin, Mr. Mr. Vincent, Mr. Plummer, Mr.

Mini (ter of the Parish Church of St. Mary, Stratford Bow, Clavering, Sir Nicholas Williams, Mr. York, Mr. in the County ft Mid'Uefex; and the same was received, year: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of and read the First Time. the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Ordered, That the proper Officers do lay before this Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and House, an Account of what Sum or Sums of Money Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Eh and County of Cambrid', and the same was received,

and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Tithe.

Stmfdril Mr. Alderman Perry presented to the House (according re v Clutch, Order) a Bill for providing a Maintenance for the

Minifttr's ..... - -

.'.iritJiuiicev

Wars and Mead.

of

& -

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Gharles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Turner also acquainted the House, that he

have been paid to Captors, or their Agents, for Spanish

Ships taken in the Mediterranean by the English Fleet in the Year 171#, with Copies of the Warrants, or Orders, deeding the Payment of the said Sums of Money.

A Petition of Charles Legh, Peter Davenport, and Roger Jackson, Esquires, and others, whose Names are

thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and the other Tiuitees, appointed to put in Execution an Act nude in the Eleventh Year of t lie Reign of his late Ma- was directed by the Committee to move, that they may jesty King George, intituled, "An Act for repairing and have Leave to fit again.

" widening the lload from Sherbrook Hill, near Buxton Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Mornand Chapel in the Frith, in the County of Derby, to ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole '* Manchester, in the County of Lancaster," was pre- House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising fented to the House, and read; Let ting forth, that the the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Petitioners, in Execution of the said Act, have laid out

great Sums of Money in repairing the said Roads, and for And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

that Purpose have borrowed several Sums of Money, the Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Principal and Interest amounting to above £. j,2i;2.which

is yet unpaid: That the Trade in Malt from Derby, and

Parts adjacent, into Cheshire and Lancashire, which was

then chiefly by Horle Carriage, from whence the Tolls were expected to arise, is very much decayed, by being changed into Wheel Carriage, by reason of the great Amendment of the Road; which cannot be completed, and the Money borrowed, repaid, unless the Term, granted by the said Act, be enlarged, the Tolls augmented, and the Ad made more effectual: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term granted by the said Act, and for making the same more extensive, and effectual.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Anno

Prayers.

Mart is, 30 dieFebruarii;

Georgii IP1 Regis, 1729.

P ET IT IO N of the Justices of the Peace, Merchants, Land-owners, and chief Inhabitants, of the Town of in the Isle of Ely and County of

Cambridge, and Places adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Roads from a Place, called Tid-goat, to Wisbech, and thence to Guy horn Ferry, on the South Side of Wisbech River, are very much Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine out of Repair, and almost impassible, being a very great the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear Road for Waggons, Beads, and Sheep, to London, which to them, to the House. are obliged to go over Wisbech Bridge; which lloads, and

And it is referred to Mr. Master, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Bridge, have been a great and continual Charge to the Ward, Mr. Foley, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Neighbourhood: And praying, that in the Bill, depend-

Wilbeclj. &c Roads.

Williams, Mr. Neil'land, Sir Waller Bagot, Mr. Crow/e, Mr. Conduit, Sir Nathanael Mr. Towers, Sir

John Dutton, Mr. Drew, Mr. Perrot, Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. Booth, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Walcot, Mr. chard, Mr Cholmondeley, Sir James Campbell, Lord Mal-

pas, Mr. Lyjier, Sir Edward Lord Morpeth,

Mr. Bristow, Mr. Gould, Mr. Alderman Child, Sir Wilfrid Lawson, Mr. Plummer, Mr. Leveson Gower, Sir John

Rushout, Sir Richard Grosvenor, Mr. Lawson, Mr. Gibbon, Mr. Hugh Williams, i\Ir. Charlton, Mr.

Sir Wm. IViilys,l,ord Nassau Powlet, Mr. Mr.

Bromley, Mr. Vernon, Mr. BMr. Mr.

Dockminique, Mr. Scowen, Mr. , Mr. Chlebar, Sir-IVm. Milner, Mr. Rowuey, Mr. Sam brook, Mr. Vaughan-, and all the Members, that lerve for the Counties of Lancaster, Chester, York, and Derby: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Bro}"T*, &c. Nat.

ing in this House, for repairing and amending the Road between the Towns of Wisbech and March, in the said Isle of Ely, a Clause may be inserted, for repairing the Roads from a Place, called TidJ-goat, to and from

thence to Guyhorn Ferry, on the South Side of Wisbech River; and that Power m^y be granted to impose a reasonable Toll, for the effectual Repairs of the said Roads, as well as Wisbech Bridge, in such manner, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Bromley, Mr. Wither, Mr. Plummer, Mr. Master, Mr. Flow, Mr. Nicholls, Mr. Or-lebar, Mr. Williams, Mr. Metcalf, Mr. Campbell, Mr.

Chetwynd, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Bramjion, Mr. Page, Sir Edward Stanley, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Brooksbank, Sir B.obert Abney, Mr. Laroche, Sir

John AJlley, Mr. Gibbon, Mr. Banks, Mr. Mr.

A Bill for naturalizing Herman Broyel, was read a Sandys, Mr and all the Members, that serve Second time. for the Counties of Cambridge, Huntingdon, Lincoln, and

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Northampton: End they are to meet thii Afternoon, ac

Cafwa/l, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Earle, Mr. Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have

Cunningham, S.r John Dutton, Mr. Towtt/hend, Sir John Power co fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition

-I

"I

3 Geo. II. 3d — 40 Februarii.

429

Cracklfy A Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are there*-Bmk and unto fobl'cribed, appointed to put in Execution an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads, therein mentioned, between Crackley Bank, in the Parish of Idfall, alias Shiffnall, and the Town of n the County of Salop, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that at the time of parting the said Act the said Roads were so very ruinous, that the Petitioners were under a Necessity of borrowing Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, to make the Roads pal-fable; which Money has been applied for that Purpose, and yet the said Roads (being 30 Miles in Length, and Materials, for repair the fame, lying at great Distance) cannot be sufficiently amended, and the Money borrowed, repaid, without enlarging some of the Powers, granted by the said Act: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for rendering the said Act effectual, by enlarging the Powers thereby granted, in such manner, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Lyster, Mr. Mr.

Newland, Sir "James Campbell, Mr. Bromley, Mr. How, Sir John Dutton, Mr. Treby, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Brooksbank, Sir Wm. Strickland, Mr. Mr. Bramston, Mr. Harley, Mr. Plummer, Mr. Levejon Gower, Mr. Williams, Mr. Lyddell, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Watkyn Williams Wynn, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Lacon Child, Mr. Withers, Sir Walter Bagot, Mr. Winning!on. Sir Hum. Howorth, Mr. Geers, Sir John -Aftley, Mr. Sir Wm.

Willys, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Whitworth, Sir Rowland Alston, Mr. Masters, Mr. Longueville, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Trelawny, Sir Edward; and all the

Members, that serve for the Counties of Salop, Stafford, Chester, and North Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Record'.

Sale of Lands in St. Chnitophera.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, that he will be graciously plealed to give Directions, that an Account be laid before this House, of what Proceedings have been had towards felling the Lands in the Island of St. Christopher, yielded by France to Great Britain by the Treaty of Utrecht.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

Wayi Sir Charles burner (according to Order) reported from aniMtaoi. the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution, they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as follows;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Sum of Two Shillings in the Pound, and no more, be raised in the Year 1730, upon Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Pensions, Offices, and Personal Ellatcs, in that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and that a proportionable Eels (according to the Ninth Article of the Treaty of Union) be laid upon that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

The laid Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution; and that Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Attorney-general, Mr. Solicitor-general, Mr. Scrope, Mr. Tiljon, Mr. Keif all, and Mr. Jacomb, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Vol. 21.

A Motion being made, and the Question proposed, That the Thanks of this House be given to the Reverend Doctor Croxal, foi; the Sermon by him preached before this House upon Friday, the 30th Day of January last, at Saint Margaret's, Westminster; and that he be desired to print the fame;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, that the House do now adjourn;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas ^r‘ tellers for the ieas^Mr

Tellers for the Noesjj^;

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

} 93* 43*

Motion for thanking Dr. Croxal*

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 4.0 die Februarii;

Anno 3* Georgii IId‘ Regis, 1729.

Prayers.

AP ET1TIO N of the Mayor, Sheriffs, Citizens, and Regulating Commonalty, of the City of Norwich, in Common- Election* in council assembled, was presented to the House, and Norwic , c. read; setting forth, that many unhappy Controversies have of late Years arisen's* Elections of their Represen-tatives to Parliament, and also of their Mayors, Sheriffs, and Common-council-men, touching the Legality of the Votes of the many Electors, and the Number of Common-council-men, for each great Ward, and many Differences have arisen concerning the making Acts, Orders, and Ordinances, in Common-council, and several Inconveniences have arose in Removal of poor Persons, in regard to their Settlements: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for preventing the said Grievances, and Inconveniences, for the future.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it i3 referred to Mr. Waller Bacon, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Gould, Mr. Kelfall, Mr. Geers, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Foley, Mr. Burrell,

Mr; Mafier, Mr. Harrison, Mr. TSir Geo.

Sir James Campbell, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Walpole, Mr.

Alderman Parsons, Mr. Alderman Mr. Byng, Mr.

Banks, Mr. Lisle, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Pudency, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Waller, Mr. Pelham, Sir Stanley,

Lord Limerick, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir Edward Knatchbull, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Cary, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Fane,

Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Shepkeard, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Metcalfe,

Sir Roger Meredith, Sir Robert Aufltn, Mr. Whitworth,

Mr. Duckett-, and all the Members, that serve for the Counties of Norfolk, Suffolk, and Cambridge: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons,

Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the proper Officers do lay before this Duty on Salt. House, an Account of the grols and net Produce of the Duty on Salt, for Seven Years, to distin-

guishing each Year.

Sir Charles Turner presented to the House (according Supply Bill; to Order) a Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Eand Tax. Land Tax, to be raised in Great Brita, for the Service of the Year 1730; and and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. '

The House being informed, that a Person from the Candle* Commissioners of the Customs attended ac the Door, he imported and

5 Q Was exported.

43° 4° Fekruarii. A. 1729.

was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, mas, 1721, to 1728, and from thence to Mid-

pursuant to their Order, following; with a Return of the said Commis-

An Account of the gross and net Produce of the sioners, relating to the said Accounts.

Duties upon Candles, imported in Seven Years, from And then he withdrew.

Christmas, 1721, to Christmas, 1728, and from thence to And the Titles of the said Accounts and Return were

Midsummer following; and also, read.

An Account of the gross and net Produce of the The laid Accounts are as follows:

Duties upon Soap, imported in Seven Years, from Chrifi-

Am ACCOUNT of the gross and net Produce of the Duties upon Candles in Seven Years, from Christmas, 1721, to Christmas, 1728, and from thence to following; viz.

The several Year*. Gross Produce paid at Importation. Repaid at Exportation. Net Duties.

*172t',| ["1722 1722 1723 1 *7a3 J *724 -From Christmas ( 1724 \ To Christmas ( 1725 1 *725 f *726 1726 1727 l»727j 1*7*8 - -Totals - - f. From Christmas, 1728, to Midsummer following - £. £. d. 34 4 11 143 *6 3 298 12 3 245 7 8 212 4 — 35* 2 6 174 8 9 £. s. d. 30*4 7 98 18 1 *33 4 9 111 16 — 69 13 8 £. s. d. 3 10 4 44 18 2 165 7 6 *33 8 142 10 4 35* 6 *74 8 9

1,459 16 4 444 7 1 *»015 9 3

174 8 9 45 10 — 128 18 9

Ex. Join Oxenford, Assistant Inspector-general.

Custom-house, London, 3d February, 1729.

Note: The Inspector-general keeps his Accounts from Christmas to Christmas, and could not in any reasonable Time divide the several Years, so as to make up this Account from Midsummer to Midsummer, as directed by the said Order.

7. C. E. JV. r. C. R. P.

An ACCOUNT of the grols and net Produce of the Duties upon Soap in Seven Years, from Christmas, 1721,

to Christmas, 1728, and from thence to Midsummer following;

The several Years. Gross Produce paid at Importation. Repaid at Exportation. Net Duties.

"17211 r1722 1722 1723 -J *723 1724 -From Christmas ( 1724 \ To Chrifima( 1725 , - 1725 [1726 1726 1727 .*727j v.1728 - Totals - - f. % To Midsummer, 1729 ,- - - - - £. f. s. d. 7^97 4 5 7*023 *7 5 6,608 10 2 3>36° *5 9 5,631 6 8 4,959 11 2 5»52* 6 S £. s. d. 2»554 7 7 4.540 5 7 4>277 *7 3 1,805 5 4 1.6*4 5 3 2,487 18 1 4,546 15 8 £. 5. d. 5,142 16 10 2,483 II IO 2,330 12 11 *.555 *0 5 3.947 5 2,471 13 1 974 *o 9

40,802 12 — 21,896 14 9 18,905 *7 3

4,627 2 9 2,879 7 6 1.747 *5 3

Rob. Paul, D. Co] left or.

John Coke, D. Surveyor-general. Edward Williams, D. Surveyor. Tho. Caufton, Dep. Comptroller.

Ex. John Oxenford, Assistant Inspector-general.

Custom-house, London, 3d February, 1729.

Note: The Inspector-general keeps his Accounts from Christmas to Christmas, and could not in any reasonable Time divide the several Years, so as to make up this Account from Midsummer to Midsummer, as directed by the said Order.

__ 7. C. E. W. T. C. R. P.

Ordered, That the said Accounts, and Return, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Supply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Estimate of the Charge of Two thousand Two

*7

Rob. Paul, D. Collector.

John Coke, D. Surveyor-general. E. Williams, D. Surveyor.

‘Tho. Cauhon, D. Comptroller.

hundred Twenty-four Horle, One thousand Eight hundred Thirty-six Dragoons, and Eight thousand and Thirty-four Foot, of the Troops of his Highness the Landgrave of Hefie Cajfell, for the Year 1730, be referred to the said Committee;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas, j WMmi: }

Tellers

5 Geo. II. 4' — 5 0 Februarii.431

Merc for (he N'\sWJo . } ,69-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Account of Subsid}', payable by his Majesty to the Duke of

Wtlfenbuttel, pursuant to Treaty, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Debt of his Majesty's Navy, as it flood on the 31 fl Day of 1729, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner toqk the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that they had come to several Resolutions which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Sir Charles Turner also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Committee Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec-of Privileges, tions be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 5® Februarii;

Anno 3* Gcoigii IIJi Regis, 1729.

Praters.

TV/f R- Secretary at War reported to the House, that *' d-VA their Address, of Tuesday last, That his Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that an Account be laid before this House, of what Proceedings have been had towards felling the Lands in the Island of Saint Christopher, yielded by France to Great Britain by the Treaty of Utrecht, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he will give Directions, for laying the said Account before this House.

Broyel'j Sir George Cafwall reported from the Committee, to N*- whom the Bill for naturalizing Herman was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrafted.

Supply Bill; A Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land- 'rax- Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1730, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning,

1 resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

upon the said Bill.

Binnioghm A Petition of the separate Trustees, appointed by an

mb. Act of Parliament, for repairing the Roads from Birmingham, through HetUey and Stratford upon Avon, to Edghill, in the County of Warwick, and also the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other substanrial Inhabitants, of the several Towns and Villages of Shipston upon Slower,

Vox,. 21.

Hunnington, Treddington, Halford, Newbold,

Alderfmarflon, Anfcott, Ailfon, Clifford, Preston,

Wimpfton, Whitchurch, Crinpfcott, Admington, Qumton,

Tolton, liming ion, Armfcott, Blackwell, Great

Woolford, Little Woolf ord, Toddenham, Burmington, lington, Cherrington, Stoncrton, Long Compton, Stretton,

Wichford, and Sutton, within the several Counties of Warwick, Gloucester, and Worcester, lying near to, or adjoining to the said Road, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Road from Stratford upon Avon, through Aldermarfion and Shipston, to the lop of Long Compton Hill, is very ruinous, and dangerous to Passengers in the Winter Season, and cannot be effectually repaired, without further Assistance from Parliament: That the said Trustees, pursuant to the Power given them by the said Act, have erected a Toll-gate on the Road from Stratford to called Shipston

Gate, (being one of the Cross Roads) and a Toll is taken for all Carriages, and Traveller^ to and from Stratford to Skipfion, without repairing that Road; which is a great Difccuragement to Travellers, and very great Detriment to the Trade of the said Towns: And, in regard the said Trustees, by the Tolls on the Road from through Stratford to Edghill, and otherwise, will be enabled to make good those Roads in a reasonable Time, without the Aid of the Toll at Shipston Gate aforesaid, the Petitioners therefore pray, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to impower the said Trustees to apply the Profits of the said Gate, called Shipston Gate, for repairing the Roads from Stratford, through Aldermarfion and Shipston upon Slower, to the Top of Long Compton Hill, and also to erect such other Gate or Gates, and appoint such Person or Persons, as they shall think fit, to collect the Toll on such other Part or Parts of the said Road, between Stratford and the Top of Long Compton Hill, aforesaid, or such other Place, as the House shall think most convenient, so that Passengers pay but one Toll between Stratford and Long Compton Hill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Richard Lane, Mr. Earl, Sir NathanaelCurzon, Mr Pelham, Mr. Metcalfe, Mr. Law. fin, Mr. Neale, Mr. Plumptre, Lord Morpeth, Major Compton, Mr. Howe, Mr. Brookfbank, Mr. Griffiths, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Digby,

Mr. Manfell, Mr. Geers, Mr. Newl Mr. Page, Mr.

Ducket, Mr. Vincent, Lord Vane, Mr. York, Mr. Heath-cote, Sir James Thornhill, Mr. Dr ax, Mr. Vernon, Mr.

Longueville, Mr. Finch, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Lyster, Sir Wm, Carew, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Ward,

Mr. Bertie, Mr. Treby, Mr. William Mr. Talbot, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Moor, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Banks,

Sir Robert Sutton1, Mr. Whitworth; and all the Members, that serve for the Counties of Worcester, Gloucester, Warwick, and Oxon: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, Burgesses, and other principal Inhabitants, of the Town of Bridgewater, in the County of Somerset, and of several Gentlemen, and other Persons, living near the said Town, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that Bridgewater is a considerable trading Town, and a great Market for many Commodities; but the Roads, leading from thence towards Bristol, Bath, Wells, and Exon, and also to many Towns and Places in the said County, are become Co bad and ruinous, by the Deepness of the Soil, and the many heavy Carriagespafling through the fame, that Passengers cannot get through the same in Winter, without great Danger j and the Inhabitants are not able, by the Laws in being, to repair those Roads: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the several Roads, leading from the said Town, in such manner, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered,

432

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. , Sir James Camp-

bell, Mr. Medcalfe, Sir Halfwell Tynte, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir William MorganMr. Wither, Mr. Mr.

Whitworth, Mr. Martin, Mr. Lutterel, Colonel Read,

Mr. Fane, Sir John Barring, Sir Richard Lane, Mr. Dockminique, Mr. Gould, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Kef all, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Page, Mr. Tufnel, Mr.

Mr. Treby, Mr. Geers, Mr. Mr. Towers, Mr.

Annejley, Mr. Ward, Mr. Lord Morpeth, Mr.

Ash, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Waller, Sir Edward Knatchbull,

Sir John St. Aubin, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Child, Mr. Cary,

Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Price, Mr. Hale, Lord thwaite j and all the Members, that serve for the Counties of Somerset, Gloucester, and Devon: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Poor Laws. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending the Laws relating to the Settlement, Employ-jnent, and Relief, of the Poor; and that Major Selwyn and Mr. Tufnetl do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Supply. sir Charles Turner (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions, they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Thdt a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred Forty-one thousand, Two hundred Fifty-nine Pounds, One Shilling, "Sind Three Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Expence of Twelve thousand Hessians, taken into his Majesty's Pay for the Service of the Year 1730.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Twenty-five thousand Pounds be granted to his Majesty, for one Year's Subsidy to the Duke of Brunswick Lunenburgh Wpurfuant to a Treaty, dated tire Twenty-fifth of November, 1727.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The other Order of the Day being read;

State of the Resolved, That this House will, upon Tueday Morning

Nation. next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the State of the Nation.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 6* Februarii 5

Anno 30 Georgii Ildi Regis, 1729.

Prayers.

g , BILL for providing a Maintenance for the

new Church, -LX Minister of the Parish Church of Saint Mary, Minister's Stratford Bow, in the County of was read

Maintenance a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, to prevent the said Church being holdefi in commendam.

Broyel's Nat. An ingrafted Bill for naturalizing Herman Broyel, was

read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing Herman Broyel.

A. 1729.

Ordered, That Sir George Cafwall do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being informed, that the Deputy to the Lift of Per-King's Remembrancer of the Court of Exchequer, attended at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, t0IW,‘' presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, a List of all such Persons, who, in pursuance of the late Act for the better Regulation of Attornies and Solicitors, have been admitted, by the Barons of the Exchequer,

Solicitors in his Majesty's Court of Exchequer; with the Places of their usual Abode, when and where admitted, and by whom.

And then he withdrew.

An the Title of the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Lift do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Lift is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed, that the Deputy to the Ditto: senior Clerk of the Petty Bag Office, in the Court of Chancery, attended at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Lift of the Solicitors, admitted by the Masters in Chancery; and also,

A Lift of the Names of such Solicitors in Chancery, as are inrolled in the Petty Bag Office.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Lifts were read.

Ordered, That the said Lifts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Lifts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Lyjler reported from the Committee, to whom Crackley the Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto Bank and subscribed, appointed to put in Execution an Act, passed Shrewfbur/ in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King W 5 George the First, for repairing the Reids," therein mentioned, between Crackley Bank, in the Parish of alias Shiffnall, and the Town of Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop, was referred; that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directecl him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

That the Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, dated the Third Day of February instant, proceeded to examine the Matter of the said Petition;

And, to prove the Allegations thereof, the Petitioners laid before the Committee the Act of Parliament, mentioned in the Petition; whereby several Tolls and Duties were granted, for defraying the Expences of repairing the Roads, to continue payable for the Term of 21 Years.

And then

Mr. John Wyke was called; who said, that at the Time of passing the Act of Parliament, for repairing the Roads, the same were so very bad, that many Parts thereof were in the Winter Season dangerous to Passengers:

That the Roads, directed to be repaired by the said Act, being Thirty Miles in Length, and Materials, fit to amend the fame, lying at a great Distance, the Trustees, appointed to put the Act in Execution, borrowed Money on the Credit thereof, as they were impowered to do.

That it appeared to the Committee, the Trustees have borrowed, in the whole, the Sum of f. 3,000. and that the same has been applied according to the Directions of the Act; and, although the Money borrowed, and what has been collected by the Tolls, has been duly applied and laid out, yet the Roads are still very bad in several Places.

And the said John Wyke said, that the Money, collected by the Tolls, amounts to between Three and Four hundred Pounds per Annum; which being far short of die Sum necessary to be raised yearly for amending the Roads,

it

50 — 6° F.

5 Geo. If. 6° — 90 Februarii. 433

Way* and Means.

Supplj,

it will be impossible for the Truste^S to put the same in good Repair, and so keep them, without the lolls, granted by the said Act, be increased, and the Powers, thereby given, enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making more effectual an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads, therein mentioned, between Crackley Bank, in the Parish of Idjall, alias and the Town of Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop and that Mr. Lyster, Sir John , Mr. , Mr.

Sambrooke, and Mr. William Lacon Childe, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Orders of the Day being read 1

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Then the House refolded itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee* that they had made some Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill*

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Aylesbury, in the County of ,in the

room of Philip Lhyd, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of one of the Equeries to his Majesty.

Ay le (bury Writ.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Committee Elections be adjourned. of Privilege)!.

Supply Bill; The Order being read, for the House to resolve itself

LiadTtt. into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1730;

Ordered That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, to make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-eight, out of the Loans on this Act.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, for exonerating the County of E/fex from the Payment of the Sum of Twenty-one Pounds, Seven Shillings, and Six Pence, overcharged upon the said County by the Land Tax Act, passed in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-eight.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Lunce, 90 die Februarii;

Anno 30 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1729.

Prayers.

H E House being informed, that a Person from the Duty on Salt Office attended at the Door, he was called in, s,lt* and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, An.Accounr of the gross and net Produce of the Duty on Salt, for seven Years, ending at Michaelmas 1729.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is contained in the annexed Sheet of Paper.

Vol. 21.

5 R

An ACCOUNT of the gross and net Produce of the Duty on Salt, for Seven Years, ending at Michaelmas 1729.

The gross Produce. Drawbacks, Allowances, and Abatements, out of the gross Produce , to the Merchants, and Proprietors of Salt and Fish. Total of the Drawbacks, The net Produce-

r Discount allowed on prompt Payment. Allowances for Salt exported. Allowances for fish exported. Allowances for Beef and Pork exported Allowances far Salt lull at Sea. Allowances for Rock Salt melted. Allowances or foreign Sail ovei-eniered. Allowances for 1 Waste ob Salt carried coastwise. Salt delivered Duty free for the Fithcry. Allowances, and Abatements, before-mentioned. Charges of Management. paid into the Exchequer.

From 39th September Vjllj to £ * <* £ a £ £. d. £ * rf- £ £. £ * d. £. £. s. d. £. si £. t. d. £

38,711 10 2j 6 1 10 — 10,794 3i 48,237 — 21 285.238 5 io| 23,94«> 19 — 4

»9th September 1723 - 523403 *6 4 20,211 2 3i 150,127 13 — j 15.655 3 9 36' 1 11; 1,404 3 *1 193,599 H 3x

From 29th September 1723, to 2£lb September 1724 - 441,595 — 3 19.565 8 5 >45.339 9 6| 1/.592 5 11] 20 6 ll| 933 16 — 38,571 15 2, 64 13 ~i 10,376 15 3i 53,921 5 11 286,385 iO 4 24,637 — sl 181,204 10 3

From 29th September 1724, to 19.79* 4 5l 35,746 18 Ilf 26 4 7i 264,298 14 i| 24.713 H 8*

fiftfe September 1725 507,384 10 6| 19,019 12 4! 128,391 18 113 8 9 ij 914 5 5 10,126 11 8 50,27a 8 7 176,987 13 9

Iwei 29th September 1725, to fffth September 1726 - 4^.839 5 ii 19,865 10 113.024 13 9i 19.592 15 8| 50 14 lj 1,820 6 7} 34,863 10 4 18 3 10,494 5 84 48,577 3 7 248,293 8 11J 24,808 6 — *90,591 J

From 29th September 1726, to 35,289 10 2j 9* 14 5i 10,845 10 9$ 60,486 18 4 263,391 3 *i|

29th September 1727 - 474.403 — 4 20,473 15 2 114,923 18 9$ 19.764 7 ‘ 6 165 10 7^ 1.348 17 3 25.353 2 4| 1 88«73o 12 -

From 29th September 1727, to 19,052 8 3i 521 1 5i 103 H 5j 11,064 >7 5 250,490 14 3J 25,468 — 6$

29th September 1728 - 453.39* >7 *1 19,625 11 11J 108,731 2 3! *44 9 S5.213 — 5 55,934 9 3 l85»t5i 6

From 29th September 1728, to 29th September 1729 - 464,623 2 8 19,150 7 lij 100,902 15 ljJ 14.960 9 8f 123 — 7^ 642 3 ill 35,349 1 1 1 ll,86l l8 2 40,836 9 — 223,837 5 7$ 24,465 1 4* 185,232 3

Salt Office, 7th February, 1729. Ex'*.

Miles Greenwood, 7 *

JVm. Sumpter, ' jAccomptants.

r. Woodcock, y. CardomoL Edward Afiley, W, h vide.

M

\Q

E. fVeJtoH, Comptr.

"Sherbrook

' HiQ, &t. Roads.

I»of Pciions admitted At-taueji.

Clwgliton

lnckrfart.

3 Geo. IL

90 Februa

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Lcgh Mafier reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Charles Peter Davenport,

and Roger Jackson, Esquires, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and the other Trustees, appointed to put in Execution an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, intituled, "An Act for repairing " and widening the Road from Hill, near

" Buxton and Chapel in the Frith, in the County of " Derby, to Manchester, in the County of ,"

was referred; that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as follows; viz.

That the Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, bearing Date the 2d of this Inllant proceeded to examine the Matterof the said Petition.

That the Act of Parliament, of the Eleventh of his late Majesty, mentioned in the Petition, for repairing the hid Roads, was laid before the Committee; whereby several Tolls were granted, and the said Act was to continue in Force for Twenty-one Years.

Then the Petitioners called Wm. Wright, Esquire; who said, that the said Roads, before the passing of the said Act, were so very bad in many Places, that they were almost impaflabie; and, in order to make the same passable, the Trustees borrowed several Sums of Money upon the Credit of the said Toll and Duties; and that there is now due upwards of £. 5,252. for Principal and interest:

That the greatest Part of the Toll has been raised by Horses, carrying Malt from Derby, and the Parts adjacent, into Cheshire-, but Malt has, since the Road was in part repaired, been chiefly carried by Carts, drawn with Two Horses; which has very much lessened the Profit of the Toll.

The same Witness further laid, that the Money, lo borrowed, cannot be repaid, nor the Roads amended, and kept in Repair, unless the Term, granted by the former Act, be enlarged, and the Toll augmented.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making more effectual an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing and widening the Road from brook Hill, near Buxton and Chapel in the Frith, in the County of Derby, to Mambefer, in the County of Lancaster\ and that Mr. Legh Master and Mr. Cholmondeley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House being informed, that the Secondary of the Court of King's Bench attended at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, a List of the several Persons, admitted Attorneys in his Majesty's Court of ^King's Bench in pursuance of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for the better regulating Attorneys and Solicitors; with the Places of their Abode, when, where, and by whom, admitted.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Lift do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Lift is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Lighthoun and Mr. Masham:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to indofe divers Commons, and Parcels of waste Grounds; lying and being in the Township of in the

Pariflr of Garftang, and County Palatine of Lancaster; V ol.21, -

to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengrers withdrew.

The laid Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this Dutyoa House, an Account of the gross and net Produce of the Hops. Duty upon Hops, for Seven Years, to Midsummer last, distinguishing each Year, and what Arrears are now Handing out unpaid.

The House being informed, that the Cashier to the Prize Money Treasurer of the Navy attended at the Door, he tvas ®f.Sp*, V<h called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pur- in'^g.e° suant to their Order,

An Account of Money received at his Majesty's Exchequer by the Right honourable George Lord Viscount Torrhigton, Treasurer of his Majesty's Navy, and

by him paid over to the Agents to the Captors of the Prizes, taken from the Spaniards in the Mediterranean in the Year 1718; and also.

Copy of his Majesty's Order in Council, dated the 16th April 172Z, -directing the Lords of the Treasury to ifi'ue out of the Provisions, made by Parliament for the Service of the Navy, the Value of the Ships,'which were to be.restored to the Spaniards, in order to be distributed amongst the Captors; together with a Copy of the Privy Seal, and Warrant, relating to Kick Payment.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Panecs were read.

Ordered, That the said Account, and the other Papers, presented therewith, do lie upon the Table; to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account and Papers are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed, that the Clerk of the War« Lift of rants of the Court of" Common Pleas attended at the Door, Penbns ad» he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented 'to the House* pursuant to their Order, a List of the Names of all such 1 Persons, as have been admitted Attorneys of the Court of Common Pleas, in parsuance of the Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " the better Regulation of Attorneys and Solicitors;'* with the Places of their usual Abode, when and wheri admitted, and by whom.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of tire laid Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Lift do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Lift is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The Orders of the Day being read; ‘

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Way* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole and Moans. House. to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Supply, next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House* to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty*

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Supply Bill; Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Land Tax. the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1730.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

" Ordered,

4 I

9° — i o° — 110

A \ 1749,

Committee Ordlred, That the Comfnittee bf Privileges and «f Privilege* Electionalbe adjourned.

And then the Hdtife adjouthed till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock*

MarttSf 1 o° Februarii;

Anno 3* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1729.

Pr A YE R s.

Bricksand A PETITION of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, Tilejmaking. J\ an(j others, having Ellatcs in Houses in and about the City and Liberty of and Parts

adjacent, in behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that by an A<5V, made 12° Georgii I*1, and by a subsequent Act, a* Georgii IP1 to prevent Abuses in making Bricks and Tile9 within 15 Miles of London and Westminster, divers Pireftions are given, which have brought divers Inconveniences upon the Petitioners, so that they cannot be liipplied with such good Bricks, as they were before those Acts, though they pay more for them, nor can they make use of them, being of a d.fferent Size from those formerly tnade and therefore improper, and unsafe, to be used therewith; and the Petitioners cannot comply with the said Acts, without g-eat Prejudice to themselves, and others, his Majesty's Subjects: And praying, that the said Acts may be amended, and the Petitioners have such other Relief, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Bertie, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Mr. Lutwyche, Mr. , Mr. , Mr.

Booth, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Lawson, Mr. Hacks, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Lengucville, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr.

Mr. Digby, Mr. Bramp ft on, Mr. Metcalfe, Mr. Chol-mondeiey, Mr. Waller, Sir Wm. Milner, Mr. Alderman Perry, Sir Richard Ellys, Sir Robert Sutton, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Scrope, Mr. Norris, Sir Robert Furnefe, Mr. Clavering, Mr. Per rot, Mr. Mr. Lewis,

Mr. Alderman Child, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Jacombe, Mr. Lord

Mr. Yorke, Lord Limerick, Mr. , Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Duncomb, Mr. Bacon, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Towers, Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Nezvland, Mr. Campbell, Sir Richard Sir Edvoard

bull, Mr. Scawen, Mr.; and all the Mem-

bers, that serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Kent, Essex, Bucks, and the Cities of London and Westminster: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, having Estates in Houses in and about the City of London, and Parts adjacent, in behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that by an Act, Georgia"1, and by a subsequent Act, 20 Georgii IIdl, such Directions are given in the making of Bricks and Tiles, as to the Size, and Method of making the same, which are very inconvenient in some Particulars, and in others impracticable: And praying, that the said Acts may be amended, and the Petitioners relieved, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, having Estates in Houses in and about the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, in behalf of themselves, and others, is referred; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Supply Bills Sir Charles Turner (according to Order) reported from Land Tax. the Committee of the whole House, to whom tfcc Bill for

N " *5

granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tar, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1730, was committed, the Amendments, the Committee had made to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table} where the said Amendments were once read throughout, and several of them, being read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the further Confkleration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

The House being informed, that the Commissioners Landwd for Taxes attended at the Door, they were called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, Arrc*r'* An Account of what Arrears of Land Taxes were Handing out at Christmas 1729, with the Names of the respective Receivers, in whose Hands the said Arrears remained, and what Proceedings have been had to compel the Payment thereof; and also.

An Account of what Arrears of the Duties on Houses were {landing out at Christmas 1729, with the Names of the respective Receivers, in whose Hands the said Arrears remained, and what Proceedings have been had to compel the Payment thereof.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The other Order of the Day being read, for tive House Suteof to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to th*N«k» consider of the State of the Nation;

Ordered, That the Copy of the Treaty of Peace, Friencllliip, and mutua) Defence, between his Majesty, the most Christian King, and the King of concluded at Seville, November the 9th, N.S. 1729, and the Copy of the separate Articles, belonging to the said Treaty, with the Translations thereof, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of the States General's Accession to the said Treaty, signed at Seville the 21st of November 1729, and the Copy of their Accession to the said separate Articles, signed the same Day, with the Translations thereof, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Edgcumbe took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Edgcumbe reported from the Committee, that they had made some Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that the Committee had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Nation.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurit, 11® die Februarii;

Anno 3* Georgii IId" Regis, 1729.

Prayers.

THE House being informed, that a Person from the

Prothonotary of the Court of Common Pleas at Personsad-Lane after attended at the Door, he was called in, and, at mined At* the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, wmV A Lift of the Persons, admitted Attorneys of the Court of Pleas at Lancaster by Mr. Justice Page, one of the Judges of Assize, held at Lancaster the at ft of

3 Geo. II. 11° Februarii. 437

August 1729, in pursuance of the Act, passed in the then last Session of Parliament, for the better Regulation of Attorneys and-Solicitors; with the Places of their Abode* as entered in the Prothonotary's Office there; and also,

A Lift of Persons, admitted Attorneys of his Majesty's Court of Common Pleas at Lancaster before the late Mr. Baron Hale, at Lancajieron the 26th Day of August, 1729, entered in the Prothonotary's Office there.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Lifts were read.

Ordered, That the said Lifts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Lifts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Witbech,&c. A Bill for repairing and amending the Road between

Kmdt. the Towns of Wisbech and March, in the lile of Ely and County of Cambridge, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Shepbeard, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Mr. Mr. Bertie, Mr.

Bacon, Mr. Annejley, Sir Charles Mr.

Mr. Metcalfe, Mr. Walcot, Mr. York, Sir Wilfrid son, Mr. Hucks, Mr. Digby, Mr. Thomson, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Lumley, Mr. Mr- Mr.

Irelawny, Lord Mickletbivaite, Mr. Ducket, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Goddard, Mr. Gould, Mr. Mr.

Lyster, Sir Roger Meredith, Mr. Vincent, Sir Tho.

Mr. Chauncy, Mr. Geers, Mr. Sloper, Sir Edward Knatch-bull, Mr. Plumptre, Sir John Sir John Cope, Mr.

Harley, Mr. Lewis, Sir John Mr. Orlebar,

Mr. Alderman Barnard, Mr. Mr. Vaughan, Mr.

Harrison, Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Williams, Mr. Hanbury, Mr. Dockminique, Mr. Cand all the Membeis, that serve for the Counties of Huntingdon, Cambridge, Lincoln, and Northampton: And they are to meet this fternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's h amber.

JJmthouse A Petition of the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Jtailh. Poor, and other the principal Inhabitants, of the Hamlet of Limehouse, in the Parish of St. Dunstan, Stepney, in behalf of themselves, and all other Inhabitants of the said Hamlet, was presented to the House, and read} alleging the Inability of the said Parish to make a Provision for the Maintenance of a Minister, for which Reason their new Church hath for several Years flood useless: And therefore praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for providing a Maintenance for a Minister of the said Church, and that, in Consideration of the great Poverty of the said Inhabitants, such a Portion of the Coal Fund Money may be allotted, and they maybe enabled amongst themselves to raise such other Sums, as to this House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Barnard, Sir Bradshaigh, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Scrope, Mr. Gould, Mr. Metcalfe, Sir Edward Knatchbull, Mr. Cross, Mr. Vincent, Mr. York, Mr. Plummer, Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. Hanbury, Mr. Chauncy, Mr. Hucks, Mr. Tufnell, Mr. Wither, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Bramston, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Harley, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Digby, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Scowen, Mr. Annejley, Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Geers, Mr. Cafar, Sir Nicholas Williams, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Sambroke, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Grosvenor 1 and all the Members, that serve for the County of Middlesex, and City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Dtmolition Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his rfDunkirk. Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Orders, Instructions, Reports, and all Proceedings had, in regard to the Port and Harbour of Vox. 21.

Dunkirk, since the Demolition thereof, be laid before this House.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Treaty with Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to give Fr..r.ce, &c. Directions, that the triple Alliance between his Majesty, »7*7* the most Christian King, and the States General, concluded at the Hague in the Year 1717, be laid before this House.

Resolved, That in humble Address be presented to his French Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to give Directions to the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, 1,1 l' ucw* to Jay before this House, what Accounts they have had of the Settlement of the French upon his Majesty's Illar.d of SV Lucia, and a Copy of the Letter, written by them to one of the Secretaries of State, relating thereto, together with all Proceedings, which have been had thereupon.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

Sir John Dutton reported from the Committee, to Stroudwater whom the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clothiers, Navigation, and other chief Inhabitants, and Traders, living in, or near, the Towns of Strowd and Bijley, and the several Townships, Hamlets, and Villages, of Chalford, wrth, and Woodchester, and other adjacent Places, in the County of Gloucester, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House:

And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as follows; viz.

That the Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, of the 28th of January last, proceeded to examine the Matter of the said Petition; and, to prove the Allegations thereof, Witnesses were called, and examined; viz.

Mr. John Hoar ,being examined, said, that the River,

called Stroudwater, in the County of Gloucester, from the River Severn, near Framiload, to a Place called Wall-bridge, near to the Town of Strowd, is capable of being made navigable for Boats of about Sixty Ton:

That it is proposed to make Twelve Locks, each Seven Foot and an half wide, and one whereof to be made . sufficient effectually to prevent all Inundations. He laid, the Tide now flows up as far as Whitminster, which is j about a Mile and half: That the Cuts, being intended to be Thirty-three Foot wide, and Five Foot deep, will carry off Inundations much sooner, than they are now earned off: That there are Nineteen Mills between Wallbridge and the Severn-, and a Pipe of Four Inches Diameter, will be sufficient to supply the River, and that will not prejudice the Mills, for want of Water: That the whole Expence of making the said River navigable will be under Twenty Thousand Pounds, as well for making Satisfaction for Injuries, as for perfecting the intended Navigation, valuing the Land at Forty Shillings per Acre, and at Thirty Years Purchase: And said, the.

Length of the new Cut is proposed to be Eight Miles and a Quarter; which, when perfected, will be of great Benefit to the Land-owners adjacent thereunto, and be a Means to draw off the Water much sooner, upoa Floods, than it now runs off.

Mr. Edward Baghot, being examined, said, that the making this River navigable will be of great Benefit to all the Traders in the Woollen Manufactory in the County of Gloucester, particularly, by having Oils,

Dying Materials, and Wool, and Yarn, from Btiftol, at much cheaper Rates, than is now paid for the Carriage of the fame; as also Coals, great Quantities whereof are used in dying, as well as for the Use of the Families thereabouts. He said further, that great Quantities of Grocery Wares, Deals, and Timber, are brought from Bristol, for the Use of the Inhabitants; and that the Navigation will be of great Benefit to that Part of the Country, by bringing great Quantities of Corn from distant Places,

5 S whereby

Privilege.

Wellborn Mount ford Inclosarc.

438 110 — 12° Februdrii. . 1729.

whereby the Poor will be relieved, and Provisions furnished at least Eight Pounds Centum cheaper, than they now are: And said, that the Price of Com is always Four Pence per Bushel dearer at Strowd, than in any other Markets in the County; which, if the intended Navigation is completed, will become as cheap, or cheaper, than it is sold at Gloucester, where it is generally sold at Six Pence per Bushel cheaper, than at Strowd: That the Land Carriage from Gloucester to Strowd is more expensive, than the Water Carriage from Brist to Gloucester; and that but Four Pence per Hundred is paid for Water Carriage from Bristol to Gloucester, being 30 Miles, and Eight Pence per Hundred for Carriage by Land from Gloucester to Strowd: That the Roads are so bad, that Wheel Carriages for Goods can't pals above Four Months in the Year.

John Crips, being examined, confirmed what Mr. Baghot laid; and further said, that Timber, for the Use of Mills, is Eight Pence per Foot cheaper at Bristol, than at Gloucester, besides the Expence of Land Carriage from

Gloucester to Strowd j and this Timber might, if the River is made navigable, be brought from the Koreft of Dean as cheap to Strowd, as it is brought to Bristol.

And he added, that about Ten thousand Ton of Coal will be furnished by this Navigation, at Four Shillings or Five Shillings per Ton cheaper thanusual; which will be of great Eale to the Poor, as well as others.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making the River Strowdwater, in the County of Gloucester, navigable from the River Severn, near Framiload, to Wallbridge, in the said County j and that Sir John Dutton, Colonel Berkeley, and Colonel Read, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House being informed, that Timothy haugh, Margaret Lawson, John Abraham,

and Wm. Cheeseborough, have made their Submission, and given Sntisfadion, to the Right honourablei/ewryViicount Palmerston, in the Kingdom of Ireland, a Member of this House, in relation to the Breach of Privilege, complained of the 23d Day of January last}

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the Matter of the said Complaint.

A Petition of Sir Charles Mordaunt Baronet, Humphry Whyle, Clerk, Thomas Ay tutor tkThomas Venor, and Richard Cleevc, Gentlemen, and other the Proprietors of the Lands in WelJborn Mou in the County of Warwick, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners are possessed of a great Quantity of Land, lying in the common Field, and other common Lands in WelJborn Mountford, which, if divided, and in-

doled, will be of greater Advantage to the Proprietors, than it is at present. And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, and inclosing, the said Lands, according to their Agreemenc for that Purpose.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Digby, Mr. Oglethorpe, Sir John Hind Cotton, Mr. WinninMr. Cholmondeley, Sir Nicholas Williams, Sir Edward Knatchbull, Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Vaughan, Lord Malpas, General Sabine, Mr. Chawicy, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Bertie, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. York, Mr. Plummer, Sir Roger Bradftiaigh, Sir John Norris, Mr. Longuevill, Mr. Met case, Mr. Sandys, Colonel Read, Mr. Parsons, Sir John Dutton, Mr. Wither, Mr. Selzvyn, Mr. , Mr. Gybbon, Mr.

Tufnell, Mr. Harrison, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Mr.

Geers, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Sir Edmund Bacon,

Mr. Newland, Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Bevan, Mr. Conduit,

Mr. Knight, Sir John St. Aubin, Mr. , Mr. Far-

rington, Sir Wm. Milner, Sir Hen. Hoghton, Mr. Leigh, Sir Wm. St. Quintin, Sir Geo. Sir John Rusticut,

Sir Hum. Briggs, Mr. Bowles, Dr. Sayer, and all the Members, that serve for the Counties of Warwick and Oxford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House (according to Order) resumed the adjourned Supply Bil^ Consideration of the Report from the Committee of che Lantl,1,"-whole House, to whom the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty, was committed.

And the rest of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, were severally read a Second time, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

1

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec- Commitwerf tions be adjourned. PnrUeja

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

U

Jovis, 12° die Februarii;

Anno 3* Georgii IF1 Regis, 1729.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Solomon Aftiley, Esquire, have Leave to withdraw his Petition, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of,

in the County of Dorset.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the Matter of the said Petition.

Ordered, That Robert Swafey Joseph Curtis, John Way, Henry Moss, Richard Hall,

William Bishop, Thomas Hordy, John Hill, Henry Jacob, Anthony Morris, and William Gully, have Leave to with-

draw their Petition, on behalf of themselves, and many others, that have a Right of voting for electing Members, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Bridport, in the County of Dorset, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough of Bridport.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the Matter of the said Petition.

Bridport

Elc&oo.

James Pelham, Esquire, being chosen a Burgess for the Borough of Newark upon T, in the County of tingham, and also a Burgess for the Borough of Bridport, in the County of Dorset, made his Election, to serve for the said Borough of Nezvark.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for theeledinga Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Bridport, in the room of the said Mr. Pelham.

Bridport

Writ.

The House being informed, that the Prothonotary of Lit of Per. the County Palatine of Chester, and of Flint, attended at 10:13Jllmi"a)

the Door, he was cailed in, and, at the Bar, presented to At,orM>v the House, pursuant to their Order, a List of the several Persons, admitted Attorneys of his Majesty's Court of Session for the County Palatine of Chester, in pursuance of the Ad, palfed in the last Session of Parliament, for the better Regulation of Attorneys and Solicitors; with the Places of their usual Abode, when and where admitted, and by whom.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Lift do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Lift is bound up with the other Papers of this Session,

The

ife-

t

U:*

1 (

J

t

CPU

i. ( \ ! I. t H I

a

w

ti

k

k

b

1

1 ti

to

U

I l'(

1 tj

1!

it!

k

to|

'*5

h

tti

Co,

iijj

3 Geo. II. 12* — 13°

t

I lift of Per- The House being informed, that the Prothonotarjr of: pns admitted Counties of Denbigh and Montgomery attended at the

ttorness. was canetj jn, and, at the Bar, presented to the

House, pursuant to their Order, a List of the several Persons, admitted Attorneys of his Majesty's Courts ot 'Great Session for the Counties of Denbigh and: c in pursuance of the Act, passed in the last Session of

1 Parliament, for the better Regulation of Attorneys and

Solicitors; with the Places of their usual Abode, when i and where admitted, and by whom.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Lift was read.

Ordered \That the said Lift do lie upon the Table, to [ be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Lift is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The Order of the Day being read;

State of the Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Fortnight,

t Nation. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Nation.

Call of the Ordered, That the Hpufe be called over upon

honfe. day Sevennight, the Twenty-fifth Day of this instant February

Ordered, That such Members, as shall not then attend, befent for in Custodyof the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

| Answer to Mr. Secretary at War reported to the House, that

Addresses. their Addresses, oFYefterday, That his Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Orders,

- Instructions, Reports, and all Proceedings had, in regard

( to the Port and Harbour of , since the Demolition

thereof, and the Triple Alliance between his Majesty, the most Christian King, and the States General, concluded [ 1 at the Hague in the Year 1717, might be laid before this House; and also, that his Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions to the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, to lay before this House, what Accounts they have had of the Settlement of the French upon his Majesty's Island of StJ , and a Copy of the Letter, written by them to one of the Secretaries of State, relating thereto, together with all Proceedings, which have been had thereupon, had been presented to his Majesty j and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he will give Directions to the proper Officers, for laying before tilts House the several Matters, desired by the said Addresses.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow , Morning, Nine of the Clock.

( . Veneris> 130 die Februarii;

(; Anno 3* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1729.

J Prayers.

1 Corn7 A PETITION of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, JTxand Inhabitants, living near, and travelling through, Mill Rggj, the Road, leading lrom Galley Corner, in Enfield Chafe, in the Pari (h of South Mims, in the County of Middlesex, to hi Lemsford}A\\[s, in the County of Hertford, whose Names

: are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and

) read; letting forth, that the said Road, being near Nine

1 Miles in Length, is, by reason of the many heavy Car-

i riages passing through the lame, become very ruinous,

£ and dangerous for Passengers, especially in the Winter

j '4 Sea I on; and the Inhabitants of the several Parishes are

3 not, by Course of Law, able, or liable, to repair the fame, without feme other Provision be made for that Purpose: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the said Road.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the j Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine

the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear i . to them, to the House.

Vo t. 21.

Februarii* 439

And it is referred to Mr. Winnington, Mr. Bromley,

Mr. Metcalfe, Mr. Campbell, Mr. , Mr. Comp-

ton, Mr. Potenger, Mr. Bramfion, Mr. Alderman Child,

Mr. Rowney, Sir Wm. Strickland, Mr. Gybbon, - Mr. Bacon, Mr. Bond, Mr. Scrope, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Wyndham, Sir Geo. Cafwall, Mr. Sir James

Campbell, Mr. Alderman Parsons, Mr. Sir

Richard Lane, Sir Nathanael Curzoti, Mr. Whitworth, Sir Thomas Clark, Mr. Sambroke, Mr. , Mr. Huxley,

Sir Tho.Afion, Mr Crowle, Sir Edward Knatchbull, Mr.

Fernon, Mr. Bevan, Mr. Earl, Mr. Mr.

Norris, Sir John Hind Cotton, Mr. Plumptre, Sir Walter Bagot, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Bertie, Sir John Rushout, Colonel Onslow; and all the Members, that serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Hertford, Huntingdon, and And

they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Ministers, Churchwardens, Overseers Worcester of the Poor, and principal Inhabitants, of the several Workhouse, Parishes of the City of Worcester, was presented to the &c-House, and read; alleging, that, pursuant to an Act, of the Second Year of the Reign of the late Queen Anne, by Poor's Rates upon the several Parishes of the said City, and by liberal Contributions of several charitable Persons, a large Workhouse was erected there, and the Poor of the whole City were set at Work, and maintained there, for some few Years; after which, the Governors, not being able to goon with the Workhouse, the Poor were returned back to their respective Parishes, and then the Common Council, called the Chamber of the City, took the Work-house into their Possession, and placed the Hop Market there, and set out several other Parts of the Workhouse for Dwellings, and Warehouses, of which none of the said Parishes have had any Benefit: And therefore praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for reviving, and continuing, the said Act, and establishing the said Workhouse for the future, or that the Rents and Profits of the said Workhouse, and the Benefits and Advantages arising therefrom, may be settled, established, and applied, to and for the Ule and Benefit of the several Parishes of the said City, towards the providing for, and maintaining their respective Poor, in proportion and according to their respective Quotas, which they severally raised, and paid, towards the building the said Workhouse, and letting the Poor at work, and maintaining them there, as aforesaid, with such Powers and Authorities, and under such restrictions, and in such Manner, as this House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Sandys, Mr. Potenger, Sir John Barrington, Sir Nicholas Williams, Mr. Plumptre,

Mr. Compton, Mr. Bramfion, Lord Morpeth, Mr. Fane,

Mr. Orlebar, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Lraefon Gower,

Sir John Rushout, Mr. Wither, Mr. Bathurst, Sir Wm.

Milner, Mr. Ward, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Alderman Mr. Powlet, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Waller, Mr. More, Mr.

Bromley, Mr. Gybbon, Sir Rowland Afion, Mr. Earle,

Sir Edward Stanley, Mr. Reynell, Mr. Whitworth, Mr.

Digby, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Shep heard, Sir Richard Lane,

Mr. Gibson, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Knight, Mr. Cocks, Mr.

Jacomb, Mr. Faughan, Sir Charles Wills, Mr. Hacks,

Mr. Bacon, Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Be, Mr. Mr. Chetwynd, Sir Wilfrid. Lawson, Mr. Thompson-, and all

the Members, that serve for the County of Worcester:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber, and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Digby reported from the Committee, to whom Bridgetown the Petition of the separate Trustees, appointed by an Act Road*,

of Parliament, for repairing the Roads from Birmingham, through Henley and Stratford upon Avon, to Edghill, in

the

44°

1f Februarii.

the County of Warwick, and also of the Gentlemen, men, Freeholders, Farmers, and Traders, in toe County Freeholders, and other substantial Inhabitants, of the of Berks, and the Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and several Towns and Villages of Shipston upon Stozver, Hun- Commonalty, of the City of Oxford, and the Petition of

tiing ton, Treddiugton, Halford, Newbold, Eat ing!oh, Alder- the Chancellor, Mailers, and Scholars, of the University

marston, Anfcott, Ailefon, Clifford, Atherfton, Preston, Wimp- of Oxford, and also tire Petition of the Gentlemen, Free-Jion, Whitchurch, Crimpfcott, Admington, Quinton, Tolton, holders, Fanners, and Traders, in the County of Ilmington, Armfcott, Blackwell, Dai lingseott, Great Wool- were referred, which relates to Exactions for Towing-

ford. Little Woof or d, Toddenham, Burmington, Willington, paths for Barges, might be read

Cherrington, Stonerton, Long Compton, Stretton. Whichford, The same was read accordingly.

and Sutton, within the several Counties of Gloucester and Ordered, 'lhat it be an Ir.struction to the Gentlemen,

Worcester, lying near to, or adjoining to, the said Road, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to re--was referred; that the Committee had examined the vive an Act, made in the Sixth and Seventh Years of the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to Reign of the late King the Third, intituled, "An

report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House: " Act to prevent Exactions of the Occupiers of Locks And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards " and Wears upon the River of Thames, Westward, and delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was " for ascertaining the Rates of Water Carriage upon the read, and is as fellows; viz. " said River," and for making the said Act more effec-

That the Committee (pursuant to the Order of the tual, that they do make Provision therein, for appointing House, dated the 5th Instantj proceeded to examine Paths, for towing of Barges, and other Vessels, on the the Matter of the Petition; and, to prove the Al e- said River, and for making Satisfaction for any Damage,

gations thereof, Witnesses were called, and examined; that shall be done thereby. j

vtz.

Hugh Clopton, Esquire, said that he knows the Road,

leading from Stratford upon Avon, through Aldermarjion and Shipston, to the Top of Long Compton Hill, in the County of Warwick, which is about Twelve Miles in

Length, and that the same is become so bad, that in the Winter Seaton Horltrmen can't travel through the same without Danger, notwithstanding the Statute-work has been constantly performed, and Six Pence in the Pound raised.

The same Witness gave F.vidence, that, by reason of the Badness of the Road mentioned in the Petition, the Tradesmen of Shipston, a Market Town, and the Inhabitants of the several other Towns and Villages near the Road, within Ten Miles of Stratford upon Avon, in a plentiful Country for Corn and Grain, are in a great measure prevented, in the Winter Season, from carrying their Corn, and other Commodities, to Market, which is chiefly supplied from those Places; and they are also prevented from carrying from the said Market, Coals, and likewise Timber for building, as also such Merchants Goods, as come up the River Avon, and are landed at Stratford, with which they have been constantly supplied, and not only those Places, but a great many of such Parts of Oxfordshire, as lie near the Road.

And Mr. Clopton said, that the Trustees, appointed to act separately by the Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads, leading from Birmingham, through Warwick, to Warmington, and from Birmingham, through Stratford upon Avon, to Edghill, in the County of Warwick, have erected a Toll-gate on the Road from Stratford to Shipston, being one of thecross Roads, leading out

of the Highway or Road, by the said Act appointed to be repaired, at which the Inhabitants of the said several Towns and Villages, mentioned in the said Petition, pay a Toll, though they receive no Benefit from it: The laid Trustees are will-ng and desirous, that there may be but one Toll t:.k tup in the same Road.

Mr. Mafott, being examined, confirmed what was

said by Mr. Clopton; and also gave Evidence, that, as a Person travelled through the Road mentioned in the Petition, his Horse threw him near Shipston Toll-gate, and broke his Leg; and that the Badness of the Road was the Occasion thereof; and by that Fall loft his Life.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Road, leading from a Gate, called Shipston Toll-gate, at Bridgiown, in the Parish of Old Stratford, in the County of Warwick, through Alderminster and Shipston upon Slower, to the Top of Long Compton Hill, in the said County; and that Mr. Dig by, Mr. Compton, and Mr. William Bromley, junior, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Leathes have Leave to go into the L«a f Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occa- Absence. fions.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Claughte* to inclose divers Commons, and Parcels of waste G rounds, lodofui*. lying and being in the Township of C/aughton, in the rarish of Garjlang, and County Palatine of was

read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Shuttleworth, Sir Jermyn DaversMr. Towers, Mr. Vaughan,

Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Metcalfe, Colonel Read, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Bramston, Sir William Yonge, Mr. Wither,

Mr. Longueville, Sir JuJlinian Isham, Mr. Mr. Knight, Sir Tho. Aston, Mr. Crowle, Sir Nicholas Williams,

Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Cross, Mr. Harvey, Lord cival, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Bevan, Mr. Mr. Digby,

Mr. Winnington, Sir Edward Knatch Mr. Sir

John Barrington, Mr. Master, Mr. Townjheud, Mr. Conduct, Mr. Williams, Mr. Vyner;and all the Members, that serve for the Counties of Lancaster and Cltester:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The Orders of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Wayt whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means vAVkim* for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Sir Charles Turner also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Supply-Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

3*

u

a-

Loeki and The House being moved. That that Part of the Report

Wear* on the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentle-

Thiniei.&c.

3 Geo. II.

Lvnte, 16° die;

Aririo 3* Georgii I-Idi Regis, 1725.

6° Februarii.

441

Sir John Hynde Cotton, and Mr. knight, 'do prepart, and bring in, the lame.

Sale of Land* in St. CtaifophcrY

Refo That an humble Address be presented to his Increase of Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to direct the °®ces» r haters. proper Officers to lay before this House, an Account of

H E House being informed', that Mr. Frecker, Frorrt what Offices or Employments, under the Crown, have A the Treasury, attended at the Door, he was called been erected since the Twenty-fifth Day of October, 1703, in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to with what Salaries have been annexed thereto, the Dates

of the first Commission, and the Name or Names of the Person or Persons, who now possess the fame.

Ordered, That the said Addrtfs be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most honourable Privy Conucil.

their Address to his Majesty, several Papers, relating to the Proceedings towards felling the Lands in the Hland Of St. Christopher's,yielded by France to Great Britain by the Treaty of Utrecht; with a List of them.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

I*

it

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Disabling

t____.....__________..... ..... __________ . That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making more £*[°nsPen

The said Papers are bound up with the other Papers effectual the Laws in being, for disabling Persons from fion^from1* of this Session. being chosen Members of, or fitting and voting in, the being

House of Commons, who have any Pension, during Plea- Member*. Sir Wm, Stapleton presented to the House (according sure, or for any Number of Years, or any Offices held in

Lodes and

W*»«on the to Order) a Bill for reviving, and amending, an Act, Thsae*. mac)e |n the Sixth and Seventh Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act to prevent Exactions of the Occupiers of Locks " and Wears upon the River of Thames, Westward, and forascertaining the Rates of Water Carriage upon the "laid River;" and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

144.

*34-

Lit of Persons ad* nifeed At-Coratys.

The House being informed, that the Secondary to the Prorhonotary of the Counties of Glamorgan, Brecon, and Radnor, attended at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order', a List of the several Persons, admitted Attorneys of his railing the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Reflation

Trust for them, from the Crown;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tcllcn for, he Yeas,}

Tellers for the Noes. }

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Mr. Sandys, Sir Edward and

Mr. Wyndham, do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Sir Charles Turner (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for

W*y* and Mean*.'

Majesty's Court of Great Sessions for the several Counties of Glamorgan, Brecon, and Radnor, in pursuance of the Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for the better Regulation of Attorneys, and Solicitors; with the Places of their usual Abode, when and where admitted, and by whom.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Lift was read.

they had directed him to reportto the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table j where the same was read, and is as follows; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Thar, towards railing the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, which by an Act of Parliament, of the Second Year of his Majesty's Reign, have Continuance to the Twenty-fourth

Welcome Mount ford ladofure.

Ordered, That the said Lift do lie upon the Table, to Day of June 1730, be further continued, and charged be perused by the Members of the House. upon all Malt, which shall be made, and all Mum, which

The said Lift is bound up with the other Papers of shall be made, or imported, and all Cyder, and Perry, this Session. which shall be made for Sale, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, from the Twenty-third Day of June Mr. Digby reported from the Committee, to whom the ^o, to the Twenty-fourth Day of June 1731.

c:_ — , n ----- ---► 'p|ie faicj Rcf0lution, being read a Second time, w*s,

upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution; and that Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Attorney-general, Mr. Solicitor-

Petition of Sir Charles Mordaunt Baronet,

Whyle, Clerk, Thomas Ayleworth, Thomas and

Richard Cleeve, Gentlemen, and other the Proprietors of the Lands in Weljlome Mountford, in the County of Warwick, was referred; that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to

report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House: general, Mr. Clayton, Sir George Oxenden, Mr. Dodding-

And he read the Ileuorf in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as follows; viz.

That the Committee (pursuant to the Order of the House, dated the nth fnstant) proceeded to examine the Matter of the Petition; and Witnesses were called, viz.

Mr. William Jackson, and Mr. John Collier', who, being examined, laid, that they know the Land, lying in the several common Fields, common Meadows, and other common Lands, in Welshorne and Mounand that the Proprietors and Owners thereof are desirous, the fame

ton, Mr. Scrope, Mr. Tilfon, and Mr. do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Orford, in the County of Suffolk, in the room of Dudley North, Esquire, decea

Orford

Writ.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges Elections be adjourned.

and

Ordered, That Mr. Baron Birch, Lord Marquis of should be divided, and inclosed. And it appeared by the Carnarvon, Mr. East, Lord Grimflon, Mr. Cross, Mr. Evidence of the said William Jackson and John Collier, Withers, Mr. , Sir Richard Lane, Sir Tho. Clark, that such Divihon, and Inclosure, will be of great Mr. Arrundell, Mr. Bowles, Colonel Cope, Mr. Myddel-

Advantage to the Owners and Proprietors of the fame. ton, Ducket, Mr. Legh Mr. Gay, Mr. Bold,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Mr. Vane, Mr. Martin, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Plummer, inclosing, and dividing, several common Fields, common Mr. Bladen, Mr. Lomax, Mr. Ash, Mr. Cafar, Mr. Meadows, and other common Lands, in Welshorne Mount- Mr. Sir Orl. Bridgman, Sir Tho. Sjaun-

ford, in the County of Warwick;and that Mr. Digby, derson, Sir Tho. Frankland, Sir The. Sebright, Colonel

Committee of Privileges*

Bricks and Tiles making.

Voh^n.

ST

Herbert,

44*

Herbert, Colonel Negus, Mr. Yrelawtty, Sir John Tre-lavovy, Mr. Gould, Mr. PlMr. Bootle, Mr. Crowle, be added to the Committee to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, having Estates in Houses in and about the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, in behalf of themselves, and others, is referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

1729.

Mortis, if F;

Anno 3* Georgii IIdl Regis, *729*

Pr Air E RS.

THE House being mformed, that A Person from the baty oil Commissioners of Excise attended at the Door, he ^P* was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, An Account of the gross and net Produce of the Duty upon. Hops, for Seven Years, to Midfmmer 1729, distinguishing each Year, and what Arrears are now (landing out unpaid.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is contained in the annexed Sheet of Paper.

16* — 170 Fehruarit.

t

' But?

O

p

to

Duty on HOP S. — Aw ACCOUNT of the gross and net PioduCe for Seven Years, to Midfunmer 1729, d'rftvnguVshing each Year; viz.

1 from June 1712J to 24th June 1723. From 24th June 1723,11 to 24th June 1724. *rom 24th June 1724. t to 24th Juue 1725. *rom 24th June 1725. 1 to 24th June 1726. from 24th Juue 172$, 1 to 24th June 1727. From 24th June 1717,1 to 24'b June 1728. From 24th Jane 1728, to 24th June 1729.

CROSS PRODUCE - c- > <<, 49.,*3 — 4i £ * d. 30,279 9 64 £ d. 61,271 7 24 £. s. d. 6,526 8 3 £. ». d. 85.013 13 94 £. . d. 69,409 2 loj £. s. d. 4L494 8 9

Allowances for Export - Allowances for Over-Charges - -- -- -: : 1,881 10 9 i 31 '3 9i [ 17 2 54 1,296 10 9j 2 19 — 5 — 1,9-22 21 1 *2 l8 1*39* 15 18 8 3 2,022 l6 81 5 4 1,852 8 9 122 13 — 4 1.578 — 84 10 6 5 22 4 54

NET PRODUCE - 1,938 "J — 4 47.494 4 4 304 9 »i4 28,974 19 7 1.945 9 1 59.325 18 i4 mu 4 2 j 5, H5 4 1 2,104 82,909 12 14 1.975 1 9i 67.434 ‘ — 4 1,610 11 7J 39.883 17 1}

£ j 49.433 — 44 30,279 9 64 61/271 7 2$ 6,526 8 3 85.013 13 94 69,409 2 10I 41,404 8 9

O

t=1

O

g

(Q.

n'

CD

Q-

cr

o

o

o

°£-

?r

Doty on HOPS. — Arrears contracted between the 31st July 1715, and 24th June 1729, standing out unpaid at the End of the 2d Round of Year, commenced 24th June 1729;

« ——

COLLECTIONS.

Canterbury -

Essex -

Hants

Hereford -

Marlbro* -

Reading

Roehtjler -

Salisbury

Salop

Suffolk

Surry

Suffer

Wonefter

Arrears, ontract^l b tween the 521st July 171S* ami 24th June 1729. the Periods of whi h an*t be distingoWhed. Arrears, contrafted between t 3ill July 1715* *nd Zi 24th June 1722.

£ * £'

3*5 2° 3*

40 1 5$

919 5 i . -

27 13 5 ' ——

l 14 -

1 ' - 73 3 n2

\ 19 5 i>4 -

72 1* 7f -

66 4 54 -

32 16 94 -

Arrears,

:r»&ed bet wee 1

June 17a*. at 24th June 17*3*

*. d.

7 4

86 11 7

- i# *7

Arrears, J Arrears

contrn&ed between I contracted between 17*3 and 1704. l7H 172$.

Arrears, contracted between 1725 and 1726.

£ d. 1

12 15 -

270 8 9!

388 >4 34

53J *5 6

jST. B. It is impracticable to set forth, how much of the Arrear £.270. 8». g2<f.. -was contracted in each Year, because the t olieftors have involved the Arrears of preceding Years with the subseipieut Y eats.

Note also, The Planters being allowed by Act of Parliament, Six Months, after packing and weighing their Hops, for clearing of the Duty, no Act ouni can be given, as yet, of the Arrears, that may (laud out for the present Year*

ia 15 —

£. s. d, 20 13 4

16 8

Arrears, corn rafted between 1726 and 1727.

Arrears, contracted between 1727 and 172S.

£ d-585

694

68 10

it 17 9

£ d. 127 1 l

3 >7 7 tt58 »7 4

389 16 —

£ <*. Ill ----- ----- - 11

7 a 6

183 6 11

Arrears, contrafted between 1728 and 1729.

293 13 3i

156 u 3 8 7 5i

458 —

Total Arrears.

1.330 9

40 1

9 '9 27 13 3 >7 1 14

701 l6

8 7 »9 5 l»4 — 16 7

72 12 7J 66 4 si

32 16 94

d.

8*

5*

5

5

7

8

li

5f

2.315 16 34

16th February 1729.

Ex4 Falctvs CoAccvm^>tant

CAr. Mon,

R. Gale.

Gfea. Polhill,

7 ho. IVy,

JR. Eyre,

IVhe,

Gw. Duck

J. Fovole, Ja. Vernoiu

!V

r

1

Worcester Work house, &c.

Prohibiting Loans to foreign State*.

1Febru.

AAA

TTT

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be pei used by the Members of the ttoufe.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens* of the City of Worcester, in Council assembled, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, that they have

A, 1729.

the said Baron, did, by Arrests, Threits, Seizures, Pro-miles, and many other indirect Practices, endeavour to prevtent several Electors from giving their Votes for the Petitioner, yet he had a plain Majority of legal Votes; but John Eckley and Wm. Davis, Constables of the said Borough, acted with great Partiality for the said Baron,

done everything in their Power, for supporting the and polled several for him, who had no Right to polJ,

Workhou'le erected, for setting their Poor on work, pursuant to an A&, of the Second Year of the Reign of the late Queen Anne, and for paying off the Debt, contracted thereupon; And, in regard sufficient Provision was not made in the said Act, to provide for the Poor* and the Guardians have not acted for many Years, the Petitioners pray, the said Act may be revived, or altered in such

and refused several, who had a Right, and would have polled for the Petitioner; and denied a Scrutiny, though it was demanded; and have returned Mr. Baron Birch, in wrong to the Petitioner: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections;

manner, as the House shall think most proper, faVing the and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report

Petitioners Rights and Privileges, and refenring to them the Disposal and Appointment of the Markets in the most convenient Places of the City, and the Officers attending the fame, as their Predecessors have always had.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Ministers, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and principal Inhabitants, of the several Parishes of the City of Worcester, is referred; and that they do examine the how the same has been applied, distinguishing each Year.

the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Poundage Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to direct the proper Officer to lay before this House, a particular and distinct Account of the Amount of the Money, deduded on the Head of Poundage, and Days Pay, from his Majesty's Land Forces, for Seven Years last past, and

! k '

from Army Pay.

Supply Bill; Land Tax.

Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

An ingrossed Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty, was 'read th8 Third time.

Resolved,.That t,he Bill do pass; and that the Title be.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to direct the proper Officer to lay before this House, a particular and distinct Account of the Amount of the Money, granted for Contingencies of the Army, for Seven Years last past, and how the same has been applied, distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That she said Addresses be presented to his

Army Contingcnciu.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Tax, to be raised -in Great Britain, for the Service of the Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

Year One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty.

Ordered, That Sir Charles burner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the House (according to Order) a Bill to prevent, or prohibit, any Person or Persons, his Majesty's Subjects, or residing within this Kingdom, to advance or lend any Sum or Sums of Money to any foreign Prince, State, or

Mr. Secretary at War reported to the House, that their Address of Yesterday, That his Majesty would be graciously pleased to direct the proper Officers to lay befire this House, an Account of what Offices or Employments, under the Crown, have been erected since the Twenty-fifth Day of October 1705, with what Salaries have been annexed thereto, the Dates of the first Commission, and the Name or Names of the Person or Per-

Answerts

Address.

Potentate, without Licence obtained from his Majesty, ,f(?ns' wl,° now Possess th.e fame' had been Panted to under his Privy Seal, or feme greater Authority: and h,s MajestV a.nd that his Majesty had commanded him

the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

to acquaint this House, that he will give Directions, for laying before this House the Account, desired by the said Address.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to enquire Enquiry inio into the State of the Gaols of this Kingdom, and report of

Sherbrook Hill, Ac. Road.

Mr. Leigh Master presented to the House (according to with their Opinion thereupon,

----- - - - v - s And it is referred to Mr. , Mr. Wither,

Order) a Bill for making more effectual an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing and widening the Road from Sherbrook Hill, near Buxton and Chappie in the Frith, in the County of , to Manchester, in the County of Lancaster; and the same was received.

for

Lord Percival, Mr Holland, Mr. Hughes, Mr. Ash, Sir Geo. Oxenden, Sir Wm. Strickland, Mr. , Mr.

Goddard, Mr. Cor new all, Mr. La Roche, Mr. Glanvil/e, Mr. Scrope, Sir Richard Lane, Lord , Sir Robert Sutton, Sir Cha. Wager, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Mr.

Vyner, Mr. Chauney, Lord Tyrconnel, Mr. Scawen, Lord

Palmerson, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Charlton,

Punishing Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill

Mutiny and punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Pay- Lord Gage, Sir Sir John Shelley, Mr. Tuf

Defcrdon. men^ of Army, and their Quarters; and that Mr. mil. Sir James Campbell, Mr. Norris, Mr. Towers, Mr.

" - - — Mr.

Secretary at War and Mr. Huxley do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Westbury

Election.

Weobly

Ekction.

Alderman Parsons, Mr. Earl, Sir Robert Clifton,

Sandys, Mr. Heathcote, Colonel Bladen, Mr. Gifford, Sir r,n-i . c:_ , r t . d , . t Hum. Howorth, Mr. MaJler, Mr. Hucks, Mr. Bertie, Mr.

'1 P« \ 'T ' T»/>, S" »« Colonel Mr. Sir

o withdraw n Pennon, eornplarnrng of an undue Elec- Mr, Planner, Lord Mr.

tron and Return for the Borougl. of W,fiber, in the ' M;_ , G(0 Sm<Un> Uctylr, Sir

Orlnd, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec- "c*7'

, ,.r, , r fL \* r Mr. Pulteney, Sir Roger Meredith, Mr. Mr.

f,ons bed fclurged from proceeding upon the Matter of &/cha. TVr»i, Mr. Mr. Mr.

the said I etition. Sir Mr. Mr.

A Petition of James Cornewall, Esquire, was presented ton, Mr. Page, Mr. Orlebar, Mr. Bold, Mr. Mr.

to the House, and read; letting forth, that at the late Sir Jermyn Davers, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Berkeley,

Election of a Burgess, to serve in Parliament for the Mr. Moor, Mr. Inwyn, Mr. Bootle, Lord Limerick, Sir Borough of Weobley, com' Hereford, Mr. Baron Birch and Tho. Sandexfon, Sir A bra. Ellon, Mr. Jacomh, Mr. Sloper:

the Petitioner were Candidates; and, notwithstanding And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Mr. Ambrose Birch, Thomas Morrice, and other Agents of Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and they have Power

'to-'to

tk >«;

d,:

4?C

nir I

; i

tk ! 'ta- I

ICS; i

u

f.:

tae :-and id '

k mi at

Ks * [is 5 air w; cars

its

in

fir h li '

ia

a-

» i

3

X

t

3 Geo. II.

17° — 1

445

to adjourn from time to time, and from Place to Place, A Petition of the Mayor, Recorder* Aldermen, Comas they shall find it convenient; and to fend for Persons, fnon-council-men, and other Inhabitants, of the City and Papers, and Records; and to report their Proceedings, County of , and also of divers Gentlemen*

Chatham* &€ Road.

from time to time, to the House: are to have Voices.

And all, that come,

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sbcrbrook Hill, &c. Roads.

Mercurii, 18° die Februarit;

Anno 3* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1729,

Prayers.

ABI L L for making more effectual an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing and widening repair the fame; and other Part lies in poor a Parish, the Road from Skerbrook Hill, near Buxton and Chappel that the Inhabitants are not able sufficiently to repair‘ the

in the Frith, in the County of Derby, to Manchester, in same: And therefore praying, that Leave may be given

and Cletgy, of the County of Kent, and of Farmers and Occupiers of Lands and Tenements near the Highway and Roads, leading from the said City to the Isle of Thanet, in the said County of Kent, and Places adjacent* was presented to the House, and read; alleging, that Part of the Road leading from the said City to the Me of Thaket, in the County of Kent, and which lies between

a Place, called the Red Pump, in the said City, and Sturrey Bridge, in the said County, is very founderous, and scarce passable for Travellers and Carriages; and Part thereof lying in the County of the City of and other Part in the County of Kent, and in extra-parochial Places, it cannot be discovered, who ought to

Chatham, Re. Read.

to bring in a Bill for erecting a Turnpike or Turnpikes in such Place or Places on the said Road, at such Rates, and in such manner, towards the railing a Toll or Duty, for amending the same Road, as to the House shall the County of Lancaster, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Kent, at their General Quarter Sessions of 7o be most juFand'reasonable,

the Peace, holden at the old Castle of Canterbury, in and Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the for the eastern Parts of the said County of Kent, on Confederation of a Committee; and that they do examine Tuesday, the 14th Day of January, Anno Domini, 1728, tjje Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear and of the Grand Jury of the same Sessions, and the to them to the House.

several Inhabitants of the several Parishes of Chatham, And *they are refer'red to Sir Robert Furnefe, Mr. Gillingham, Raynham, Upchurch, Hart lip. Haftow^ New-Cunningham, Sir Roger Meredith, Mr. Vernon, Mr.

' c" L Mr. Vincent, Sir Tho. Hales, Mr. Bertie, Sir

ington, Bobbin, Borden, Milton, Sittingborne,

Bapchild, Tong, Tenham, Linkjled, Norton, Stone, OJ-pringe, Feversham, Preston, Boughton Jubter Bleane,

bledown, and Saint Duiiftau's, was presented to the House, and read alleging, that the Road, leading from the East End of the Town of Chatham to the Parish of St. Dunstan' % , near the City of Canterbury, in the said County of Kent, being Part of the High Road between London and Dover, is in many Parts too narrow, and in others

ruinous, and unlafe for Carriages and Passengers, notwithstanding the Laws in being, for repairing Highways, have been fully executed there, and notwithstanding the Addition of One hundred Pounds per Annum, granted, for the Amendment of Part of the said Road, by an Act

laid

Mr.

Edward Knatchbull, Mr. P, VMr. Sir

Nicholas Williams, Mr. Metcalfe, Mr. Earle, Mr. Whitworth, Sir John St. Aubin, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Colonel Berkley, Sir Richard Lane, Mr. Mr.

Myddelton, Sir George Savile, Mr. Hucks, Mr. St John,

Sir Tho. Lee, Brigadier Sutton, Mr. Sir Wm.

Wyndham, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Huxley, Mr. Norris, Mr. Glauville, Mr. Foley, Lord Limerick, Colonel Onslow, Mr. Longueville, Mr Newland, Sir Robert Sutton, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Hales, Mr. Pearfe, Mr. Sir Tho.

Clark, Mr. Bacon, Sir Adolphus Ought on, Sir Geo. Oxen-den, Mr. Life* Mr. Reyne/l, Mr. Harley, Mr. Treby,

Mr. Bevan, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Mr.

Bramston, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Farrington,

of Parliament for amending several Roads in the ___

County: And therefore praying, that Leave may be given Mr. Alderman and all the Members, that Serve

to bring in a Bill for the erecting a Toll Gate, or Gates, for the County of Kent, and the Cinque Ports: And on and cross the said Roads, to receive and take such 1 oils tf, ey are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, and Duties, as shall be thought proper, for the amend- jn Speaker's Chamber j and have Power to fend for ing and maintaining the said Road from the said Town of personSj Papers, and Records.

Chatham to Saint Dunstan's, near Canterbury. And also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Jurats, Commoners, Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other principal Inhabitants, of the down and Port of Dover, and also of the several Parishes of Charlton, Buckland, Ewell, River, Lydden, Woollen, and Barham, in the said County, lying in the direct lira it Way from the said Town and Port of Dover towards London, was presented to the House, and read;

al/eging, that the great publick Road, leading from the attending the Members of said Town of Dover towards London, through the said Account of what Demands are

Rt om for Footmen in waiting.

Refulved, That an humble Address be presented to Expence of his Majesty, that he will be gracious pleased to give appropriating Directions to the proper Officer to lay before this House, ‘ ~ an Account of the Expences, his Majesty hath been at in fitting up the Room, called the Auction Room, and the Coffee Room thereto adjoining (formerly a Part of the Court of Wards) with Conveniences for the Foormen,

this House , as also an made by who

Lottery of 8 Anne.

Parishes, is veiy bad, ruinous, and for the most part have for many Years been permitted to the fame, very narrow; and that it has been found by Experience, Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his that the whole Labour of the said several Parishes, through Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his

which the Road passes (being most of them poor small Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

Parishes) and large Contributions made, as also A flc/Trnents,

according to Law, have proved very short and incapable Ordered, That the proper Officer do Jay before this of rendering the Repairs of the said Road so effectually House, an Account of the Money paid into the

fu&cient, and safe, as a Road of such general Use and qUer, from the Twenty-ninth Day of September, 1722, Importance ought to be: And therefore praying, that the to the Twenty-ninth Day of September] 1729, for the Road from Barham Downs to the Maison de Dieu at Dover Produce of the Fund, granted in the Eighth Year of Town's End may be included in any Bill, which shall be the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for railing brought into this House, for repairing the Road from One Million Five hundred thousand Pounds by a Roch.fter to Canterbury; and that such further Toll-gate Lottery and also an Account of the present annual and may be placed on or cross the said Road, from Barham other Charges thereupon.

Downs to Dover, for the Receipt of such Tolls and

Duties, as shall be thought most proper, for the amend- A Petition of divers of the principal Gentlemen, Cambridge ing and repairing the said Road from.Bar ham Downs to Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the County of Cam- &c. Xoad*.' Dover Town End a fore said. And also, bridge j and also,

Vo 1. 21. sU A Petition

J

18° Februarii. 17 29.

Cambridge, A Petition of divers of the principal Inhabitants within &c.kou>. the University and Town of ,in the County of Cambridge;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; fetiing forth, that in the Year 1724 an Act of Parliament was obtained, for repairing the Roads leading from Stump Cross, in the County of Essex, to Nezvmarket Heath, and also to the Town of Cambridge; and, pursuant thereto, Turnpikes were immediately erected on the said Road, and Tolls collected of all Passengers: That in the Year 1725 an Act was obtained, for repairing Part of the great and ancient Road from London to beginning at the End of the Parish of Foulmire, in the said County, next to , in the County of Hertford, and ending at the Pavement in ton Street in the Town of Cambridge; and, pursuant to that Ad, a Turnpike was erected at about Three Miles from , in the Road to

Foulmire, by means whereof that Road, leading from Cambridge to , will in a short time

be made very good: That the Commissioners, appointed by the first-mentioned Act, for repairing the Roads from Stump , have lately, under a general Clause in that Ad, erected a Turnpike at the End of Trumpington Street, in the Town of Cambridge, on the great Road to London through Foulmire, so that all Persons, travelling that Road, pay the Tolls, appointed to be paid only by Persons travelling the Stump Cross Road, notwithstanding the y travel only the great Road through Foulmire to London, and accordingly pay at the Turnpike erected at Hawkfton, for repairing the said great Road to London-, which the Petitioners reprefeDt as grievous} for that the Road from Cambridge to Stump Cross fevers from the great Road to London in a Mile, or thereabouts, from the End of

iugton Street, which Mile is, and has been for many Years, in good Repair, and, if it was not, the Money, raised by the Turnpike at Hawkston, is sufficient to repair the fame, without this additional Load of a double Payment; and for that the Turnpike at Trumpington Street End is so placed, as to make all Persons, going out of the Town's End, pay, although they travel neither of the said Roads to Slump Cross or Fo, and go out only on the necessary Occasion even of watering their Cattle: And therefore praying such Relief from the Imposition laid on them, by erecting the said Turnpike on the great London Road at Trumpington Street End by virtue of the Ad, obtained for repairing the Stump Cross Road, as the House shall think fit. Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration ofa Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And they are referred to Mr. Townshend, Mr. Cunningham, Sir Walter Bagot, Mr. York, Mr. Furnefe, Mr.

Bromley, Sir Robert Furnefe, Mr. Myddelton, Mr. Earl, Mr. Alderman Child, Mr. Parsons, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir Richard Lane, Mr.

Whitworth, Mr. Vincent, Sir Clobery , Mr. Crosse, Mr. Plummer, Mr. Bramflon, Mr. Hucks, Mr. Goddard, Mr. Metcalfe, Sir John St. Sir Wm. Carew, Mr.

Shultleworth, Mr. Alderman Parsons, Sir Archibald Grant, Sir John Hind Cotton, Mr tAx. Gregory, Mr.

Winnington, Mr. Cary, Mr. Harley, Mr. Bold, Mr. Lyfler, Mr. Foley, Mr. Sir Edward Stanley,

Mr . Masters, Mr. Lawson,; and all the

Members, that serve for the Counties of Huntingdon, Cambridge, Suffolk, Norfolk, and Hertford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Deptford A Petition of the Churchwardens, Overseers of the MUiifter'»Ch* ^oor» other principal Inhabitants, of the Parish of Mainteoance. St. Nicholas, Deptford, in the County of Kent, and Surry,

in behalf of themselves, and all other Inhabitants of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that by several Acts of Parliament, for building Fifty new Churches, One Church hath been built in the said Parish, and is fit for Consecration, and a District hath been appointed by the Commissioners j 1

but no Provision hath been yet made for the Minister; ,

for which reason the said new Church hath flood useless for several Years, and the said Parish, being very poor, are unable to make Provision for such Minister, without the Assistance of this House: They therefore pray, that 1

they may have such Proportion of the Coal Fund Money,

and be enabled to raise such further Sums, as the House

shall think fit, for the Maintenance of a Minister, to officiate in their said new Church. 1

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con- 1

sideration of a Committee; and that they do examine J

the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House. '

And it is referred to Sir Roger , Lord

Limerick, Dr. Sayer, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. 1

Lyddell, Sir Walter Bagot, Mr. Sir Tho. Hales, j ‘

Mr. Treby, Sir Robert Furnefe, Mr. Plummer, Mr. 1

Hucks, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Norris, Mr. Sambrooke, Mr. 1

Lawson, Mr. Alderman Child, Mr. , Sir Richard Lane, Sir Tho. Saunderson, Mr. Campbell, Mr. 1

Mr. Selwyn, Sir Wilfrid Lawson, Sir Robert Sutton, Sir '

John Hind Cotton, Sir Geo. Oxenden, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir;

Geo. Saville, Mr. Wyndham, Colonel Onslow, Mr.

Sir John Barrington, Mr. Metcalfe, Mr. Afcott; and all 1

the Members, that serve for the Counties of Kent, Surry, 1

and Middlesex: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at '<

Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Secretary at War reported to the House, that AntWerto their Addresses, of Yesterday, That his Majesty would be graciously pleased to direct the proper Officer to lay before this House, a particular and distinct Account of the Amount of the Money, deduced on the Head of Poundage, and Days Pay, from his Majesty's Land Forces, for Seven Years last past, and how the same has been applied, distinguishing each Year; and also a particular and distinct Account of the Amount of the Money, granted for Contingencies of the Army, for seven Years last past, and how the same has been applied, distinguishing each Year, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he will give Directions for laying before this House the Accounts, desired by the said Addresses.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this D itvoaS'lt House, an Account 01 the gross and net Produce of the imported. Duty on Salt imported, for Seven Years last past, distinguishing each Year.

Mr. Alderman Barnard reported from the Committee, LimtWiie to whom the Petition of the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and other the principal Inhabitants, of the Hamlet of Limehouse; in the Parish of St. Dunfian's>

Stepney, in behalf of themselves, and all other Inhabitants of the said Hamlet, was referred; that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to repdrt the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as follows;

That the Committee, pursuant to the Order of tl e House, dated the 1 tth Instant, proceeded to examine the Matter of the Petition; and, to prove the Allegations thereof, W itnesses were called;

Mr. John Greaves, Churchwarden; Mr. 7nomas Rayner, Overseer of the Poor; Mr. Richard and

Mr. Benjamin Mackey: And being severally examined,

said, that the Hamlet of Limehouse is three Quarters of a Mile from Stepney Church, and is the Parish, to which they belong; but being such a Distance, and so much

crouded.

k

*51

2lfj

°S

CU;

k

Hi

!iu[

it

it

3 Geo. II.

i8° — 190

crouded, Numbers of Families are hindered from going to hear divine Service:

And al(b laid, that a Church has been built upwards of Six Years in the said Hamlet, and ready for Consecration; but no Provision is made for the Maintenance of a iVJintfter, to officiate therein.

And they further gave Evidence, that out of Nine hundred Houses in the said Hamlet, not more than 230

Land thereabouts, but likewise to interrupt the Trade, and seizeand confiscate the Ships, of such other Nations, as have no Forts nor Castles on the same Parts of that Coast: That for Seventeen Years last part the Trade to Africa has been free and open to all others his Majesty's Subjects, and the Company have maintained their Forts and Castles at their own foie Charge, which has proved a very great and inlupportable Burthen upon them: That

thereof pay to the Poor's Hate, the others being inhabited the Prices of Negr >es on the Coast of Africa are l'o greatly by featuring and labouring Men, who are i'carce able to advanced, the Demands for them so increased, and the maintain their Families. Profits, on this Branch of the Trade so uncertain and pre-

And the fane Witnesses faijl, that, at a general carious, that to obi ge the separate Traders to contribute Meeting of the Inhabitants, it was agreed to allow to the thereto, would, as the Petitioners apprehend, dilrourage Rector of the fame, and his Successors, £. bo. per Annum, the Importation of Negroes into the Colonies and Plan-they not being able to raile more, and the Parish to have tations belonging to this Kingdom, and thereby deprive the Profits, arising by Burials, in lieu thereof; but that tlern of such Supplies, as are absolutely necessary for will not be sufficient to lup|>ort the Rector for the time their Support and Improvement: And therefore praying being, without lbme further Allowance be made for that such Relief, for enabling the Petitioners to keep and Purpose: maintain their said Forts and Castles in a defensible Con*

And the Inhabitants are desirous, that the fiid£. 60. dition, as to this House shall leem meet. per Annum, in li< u of Burials, together with what Allow- And a Motion being made, and the Question being*

ance the C immissioners for the 50 new Churches shall make, may be istablished by Act of Parliament, towards the Maintenance of (he Rector, and his Successors.

Ordered, 1'hat Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

put. That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee;

It passed in the Negative.

Then a Motion was made, and the Question being

making the Hamlet of Umehouse, and Part of the Ham- put. That the said Petition be rejected;

let of Rate!if in the Parish of St.

alias Stepney, in the County of a distinct

Parish, and for piovidinga Maintenance for the Minister of the new Church there; and that Mr. Alderman Barnard, Mr. Alderman Perry, and Mr. , do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Hawkers A Petition of the several Manufacturers, Tradesmen, udPedlars, and Shopkeepers, in the City of , whose Names

are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themlelve. % and other Traders and Shopkeepers of this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; complaining, that they suffer great Inconveniences under a great Decay of their Trade, occasioned by Hawkers and Pedlars, and other

} 'il' }

The House divided;

The Yeas go forth;

Tellers for the Yeas f Mn Smpe* letters for the leas, VJf pelbam

Tellers for the Noe« ^ir lellers for the l\oes^ Campbell:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Fitefday Seven-night, nlblve itfe If into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the State of the Trade to Africa.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Refoved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

private Dealers, g >ing about with all torts of Goods from to consider further of Way* and Means for raising the Place to Place, and vending, with Impunity, prohibited Supply granted to his Majesty. and uncustomed Goods; which is a Discouragement to

the Manufacturers, and a Lois to the Revenue: And therefore praying the Consideration of the House, and that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Petitioners Relief, and for the Regulation of the Inland

Trade of this Kingdom, in such manner, as to the House tions be adjourned.

Resolved, Thar this House will, upon Morning

next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec-

Ways and Means.

Supply.

Committee if Privileges.

shall seem meet.

And the Question being put. That the said Petition do lie upon the Table;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

r.. , / . -r CSir Wm. Strickland,

Idlers for lire Yas-jMr.

Tellers for the Noes, ] % ?*'Eyia'

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mr. Alderman Par font So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

}i63-

jfovis, i of die;

Anno 30 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1729.

144.

Licence Duty on Hawkers sad Pedlar#.

Prayers.

A PETITION of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, Woodfiaek, and others, Jiving: in, and near, the several Towns of &c. Roadt.

House, on Account of the gross and net Produce of the - E^m!

Duties; arising by licensinl Hawkers and Pedlars, tot and MM, U, in the County of

Seven Years last part, dirtinfuishing each Year. °*°n' wa!, Pr^en!<rd H°aJ % andnl'caJi ?JeS'n % '

r ° & that the Road lead ing from Eiijlow Bridge, through

African A Petition of the royal African Company of England Wight hill Lane and Grounds, and Glympton,

Company. Wis presented to the Hcufo, and read; letting forth the to , being Four Miles. Part of the great Road,

great Advantages and Importance of the African Trade hading from London joins to the Road, to this Kingdom, with regard to the Exportation of the leading from Rolright Lane to Woodstock, and is in as woollen and other Manufactures, and the Supplies of bad Condition, as that Road, for Amendment of which Negroes to the Plantations; for the securingwhich Trade a Petition is depending before this House: And praying, 'against the Encroachments of other Nations, and in order that in any Bill, which may be brought in, for amending to the Improvement and Enlargement thereof, the Com- that Road, Provision may be made for repairing the said pa'ny have, under their Charter, and at their very great Road, leading from Bridge, through Wight hill

and foie Expence, purchased, and builr, a great Number Lane and Grounds, Dornford and Glympton, to of Forts and Cattles on the Sea Coasts in Africa: That it ton aforesaid.

is the constant Practice of such foreign Nations, as have Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-

Forts and Castles in Africa, not only to claim a Right federation of the Committee, to whom the Petition of and Property in chose Places, and very large Traits of several Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, and Vox,. 21. Persons,

15

Snowfhill

Inclosure.

Mixbury

inclosure.

448

190 Febru

A. 1729.

Persons, living in, and near, the Road, leading from Rol-A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, right Lane in the County of Oxford, through Enftone, of the City of Oxford', and also, ed *' to Woodstock, in the said County, is referred; and that A Petition of the Companies of Mercers, Grocers, and they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, Haberdashers, within the ancient Borough and Corpo-as it shall appear to them, to the House. ration of , in the County of York; and also,

A Petition of the several Manufacturers, and Shop-

A Petition of Wm, Sambach, Rfquire, Lord of the keepers, of the Town and Borough of in the

Manor of Snowjhill. in the County of Gloucester, and County of Gloucester; and also,

likewise of Lionel Kirkham, Clerk, Rector of the Parish A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, of and Parish Church of Staunton, with the Chapel of SnoivJ- the Town of in the County of Salopand also,

hill, to the Rectory of the said Parish Church annexed, A Petition of the Mercers, Drapers, other Traders, and and of Wm. Taylor, Esquire, James Harrison, Clerk, the principal Inhabitants, of the Borough of Richard Shay lor, John Tyfoe, and Thomas Bravell, the in the County of Hereford-, and also.

Land-owners, and Proprietors of Land, of and in the A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, capital Burgesses, aforesaid Manor, was presented to the House, and read; Merchants, principal Tradesmen, and Inhabitants of alleging, that the great Common, or Waste, within the the Borough and Parish of and also,

said Manor, called Snowjbill, containing about a Thou- A Petition of the Mayor, capital Burgesses, and Affind Acres, is now of very little or no Use; but great fistants, of the Town and Parish of Tiverton, in the Advantage might be made thereof, in case the said County of Devon, and also of the principal Merchants, Common were inclosed: And therefore praying, that Tradesmen, and Shopkeepers, residing the re, and in the Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for indoting the neighbouring Towns; and also,

said Common or Waste. A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Common-council,

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con- free Burgesses, and Tradesmen, of the Borough of Drnhe-sideration of a Committee} and that they do examine vid, alias Lamceston, in the County of Cornwall-, and also, the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall ap- A Petition of the principal Inhabitants, Tradesmen, pear to them, to the House. and others, residing within the Town and Borough of

Bedford; and also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Magistrates, Shopkeepers, and other Inhabitants, of the Town of Plymouth; and also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common-council, of the City of Gloucester, under their common

And it is referred to Colonel , Mr. Pearfe, Co-

lonel Read, Mr. Moor, Mr. Plummer, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Metcalfe, Mr. Crotvle, Mr. Chetwynd, Sir Edward Stanley, Sir Geo. Saville, Mr. Powers, Mr. Bowes, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Cross, Mr. Whitworth, Sir John

Rushout, Mr. York, Mr. Sandys, Sir JuJlitiian Ifham, Seal, and other the principal Shopkeepers in the fame Lord Gage, Sir John Barrington, Sir James Campbell, City, on behalf of themselves, and all other the Shop- Mr. Reynell, Mr. Huxley, Sir Wm. Stapleton, Mr. Onslow, keepers of this Kingdom; and also,

Mr. Digby: And all the Members, that serve for the A Petition of the Shopkeepers, and other Traders, in Counties of Oxford, Gloucester, Worcester, and Warwickjthe Borough of ,in the county of;

And they are to meet tins Afternoon, at Five of the and also.

Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and

Mr. Masham:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to confirm an Agreement for inclosing the common Fields, Downs, Waste, and uninclosed Lands, Part of the Manor

Torra*', &c. Nat

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens, of the City of Hereford, in Common-council assembled; and also,

A Petition of the Shopkeepers, Tradesmen, and Ma-nufadlurers, Inhabitants of the Town of Northampton, in behalf of themselves, and several Hundred others; and also,

A Petition of several substantial Tradesmen, Citizens of the City of York, whole Names are thereunto full-of Mixbury, in the County of Oxon, and for other Pur- feribed, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of their poses therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Fellow-citizens; and also,

Concurrence of this House: And also, A Petition of the Portreve, Bailiff, and Siiopkeepers,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act of the Borough of Honiton, in the County of Devon, in for naturalizing Paul Torras, and others, with some behalf of themselves, and many other their rellow-Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire traders; and also, the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Hawkers and Pedlars.

A Petition of the principal Traders, and Shopkeepers, of the City of Chester, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of their Fellow -citizens there;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; complaining of great Decays in their Trades, occasioned by the clandestine Trade and Dealings, carried on by Hawkers, Pedlars, and petty Chapmen; and praying, that they may be suppressed, or such other Relief given against them, as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie

A Petition of several Shopkeepers, and publick Traders, in and about the City of Westminster, and Parts

adjacent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many Thousands of other Shop-keepers; and also,

A Petition of the Bailiffs, Justices, Sheriff, and Tradesmen, in the ancient City of Lichfield-, and also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Mercers,

Drapers, and other Traders, of the Town and Borough upon the Table, of Leeds, in the County of York.-, and also,

A Petition of the Manufacturers, Shopkeepers, and Mr. Dodington reported from the Committee, to whom Tradesmen, in the Town of Preston, and Parts adjacent, the Petition of the Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, Burin the County Palatine of Lancaster-, and also, geffes, and other principal Inhabitants, of the Town of

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Tradesmen, Bridgwater, in the County of and of several

53

ii.

ii.

BrUl pewato Roatlk.

Shopkeepers, and other Inhabitants, within the Town and Vicarage of Hallifax, in the West Riding of the County of York; and also.

Gentlemen, and other Persons, living, near the find Town, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; that the Committee had examined the Matter of the A Petition of the Manufacturers, and Shopkeepers, in said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, Skipton in Craven, in the County of York; and also, as it appeared to them, to the House: And he read the A Petition of the Merchants, Mercers, Linen-drapers, Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the and other lawful Traders, in the Town of Wakefield, in Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as the West Riding of the County of York; and alto, follows; viz.

That

3 Geo. II.

190 Februarii.

449

That the Committee, pursuant to the Order of the £s House, dated the 5th Instant, proceeded to examine

{ the Matter of the said Petition; and to prove the

Allegations thereof, the following Witnesses were called; viz.

Mr. James Bryant, Mr. John , and Mr. being severally examined, said, that they know the several . ? Roads, leading from the Town of Bridgwater towards

j the Cities of Bristol, , and Exon, and the

j Towns of Ax bridge, IvFaun-

I ton and Stowey, and other Places; and that the same are

j I in a very bad and ruinous Condition.

And the same Persons gave Evidence, that the Inhabitants of the Parishes, wherein the several Roads, desired to be repaired, do lie, have not only constantly done their Statute-work, but have raised Six Pence in the Pound,

I in order to repair the Roads; yet the same are very bad:

I And they further said, that, there being several Roads

j leading out of the Town of which are very

ruinous, it will require much more, than the Inhabitants are obliged to do, and to raile, to put those Roads into such Repair, as that Horses and Carriages may pass and repass in the Winter Season, without Danger.

Ordered, Thar Leave be given to bring in a Bill for [ repairing several Roads, leading into the Town of

water, in the County of Somerset, and that Mr.

Sit HalfwellTynte, and Mr. , do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

Recovery of Ordered', nemine contradicente. That Leave be given to Small Debts, bring in a Bill for the more eaiy and speedy Recovery of small Debts; and that Mr. Mr. Mr.

Winnington, Sir Edmund , of Gillingham, and Mr. Earle, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Demolition Mr. Chancellorof the Exchequeracquainted the House, of Dunkirk.that jie had received his. Majesty's Commands to lay before this House, pursuant to their Addresses to his Majesty, of the Eleventh Day of this instant February, Copies of several Papers, and Proceedings had, in regard to the Port and Harbour of Dunkirk, the Demolition thereof; and a Copy of the triple Alliance between his late Majesty, the most Christian King, and the States General, concluded at the Hague, January the 4th 17175 and Translation.

And he presented the same to the House accordingly, together with a List of them.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Treaty with The Copies of the Papers, and Proceedings, relating raace, &c. (^e port anij Harbour of Dunkirk, since the Demolition

thereof, are bound up with the other Papers of this Session; and the Translation of the triple Alliance is as followed); viz.

Treaty of Defensive Alliance between the King of Great Britain, the most Christian King, and the Lords the States General of the United Provinces of the Netherlands.

Whereas the most serene and most potent Prince and Lord, George, by the Grace of God, King of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, Duke of Brunswick and Lunenburgh, Elector of the holy Roman Empire, (Be. and the most serene and most potent Prince and Lord,

Lewis the Fifteenth, by the Grace of the most Christian King, and the high and mighty Lords the States General of the United Provinces Netherlands, being very desirous to render more firm the Peace, which is established between their respective Kingdoms and Territories, and wholly to remove, on each Side, all Occasion of Suspicion, which may iri any manner disturb the Tranquillity of their Dominions, as a to bind more closely, by new Ties, the Friendship, that is between them, have judged it necessary, for attaining these some Ends, to enter into new Engagements with each other j and for this Purpose, their royal Majesties, and the Voi. SI.

Lords the States General, have nominated, that is to say;

The most serene King of Great Britain his Ambassador extraordinary and Plenipotentiary, the most illustrious and excellent William, Lord Cadogan, Baron of Readings Knight of the most ancient Order of Saint,

A1 after of the Robes to his Majesty, Lieutenant-general of his Majesty's Forces, Colonel of His Majesty's Second Regiment of Guards, and Governor of the Isle of Wight;

The most serene most Christian King his Ambassadors extraordinary and Plenipotentiaries, the most illustrious and excellent William Dubois, Abbot of St. Peter of Airvault, St. Just, and St. Maty of Nogent, formerly Preceptor to the most; serene Prince the Duke of,

Regent of the Kingdom of , Counfdlor of State in ordinary to his most Christian Majesty, and the most illustrious and excellent Peter Anthony de Chafteauneuf, Marquis of Caftagnere, honorary Counsellor in the Parliament of Paris, and Ambassador to the high and m'ghty Lords the States General of the United Netherlands;

And ttie Lords the States General their Deputies and Plenipotentiaries, John Fan EJfen, Burgomaster and Senator of the Town of Zutphen, Curator of the Univer-fity of Harderwycke;Wigbo/d Vanderdoes, Lord of

wyck, one of the Nobles of Holland and Westfrifeland. Great B.iiiiffand Dikegraveof Anthony Heinfius,

Counsellor Pensionary of the States of Holland and

frijeland, Keeper of the great Seal, and chief Moderator of the f iefs of that Province; Samuel Coninck, Senator of the Town of Ter-veer; Frederick Adrian, Baron of Rheede, Lord of Rcnjwoude, Emminckhuyfen, Moer-kercken, &c. President of the Nobles of the Province of Utrecht-, Ulbo Aylua Fan Burmania, Grietman of the Territory of Leeuivarden in Frijeland-, Anthony Eckhout, Burgomaster of the Town of Camper-, and Wicker Wickers, Burgomaster of the Town of Groningen -, all Deputies in their Assembly from the Provinces of G elder-land, Holland, and Weflfrifeland, Zealand, Utrecht, -land, OveryJJ'el, and Groningen, and the:

Who after having reciprocally communicated, and duly exchanged, their full Powers, the Copies of which are to be inserted word for word at the End of this Treat)*, agreed upon mutual Articles of a defensive Alliance between their said royal Majesties, and the Lords the States General, their Kingdoms, States, and Subjects, as follows;

That there be and remain from this Day, and for ever, a true, firm, and inviolable. Peace, a more sincere and intimate Friendship, and a more strict Alliance and Union between the said most serene Kings, their Heirs and Successors, and the Lends the States General, the

7'erritories, Countries, and Towns, situate within their respective Dominions, their Subjects and Inhabitants, as well out of Europe, as in it, so to be preserved and cultivated, that the Parties contracting may faithfully promote each other's Interest and Advantage, and, by the best Means they are able, prevent, and repel, all Damage and Injury.

II.

Experience having /hewn, that the near Re side nee of the Person, who, in the Life of the late King James the Second, assumed the Title of Prince of Wales, and, since

his Decease, that of King of Great Britain, may excite Commotions and Disturbances in Great Britain, and the Dominions thereto belonging, it is agreed and concluded, and the most serene most Christian King does by sent Treaty oblige himself, to compel the Person above-described to depart the County of Avignon, and torefide in the Countries beyond the Alp's immediately after the signing of thispresent Treaty, and before the Exchange of the Instruments of Ratification: And the most Christian King, for the more evident Proof of the Sincerity of his Intention, not only to observe sacredly and inviolably all the former Engagements, which the Crown of France $ X is

Treaty

France,

450 I o° Februarii. . 1729.

with is under with respect to the said Person, but likewise to &c- takeaway, for the future, all Occasion of Suspicion and Didrud, promises and engages anew, for himself, his Heirs and Successors, never at any time to afford or furnish, directyor indirectly, by Land or Sea, any Council, Aid, or Assistance, in Money, Arms, Ammunition, warlike Stores, Ships, Soldiers, Seamen, or in any other kind whatsoever, to the said Person a (fuming the Title above-mentioned, or to any other Persons whatsoever, who, having Commission from him, may hereafter, either by open War, by (ecret Conspiracies, or by Seditions or Rebellions, disturb the Quiet of Great Britain, and oppose the Government of his Britannick Majesty.

The said most Christian King does further promise and engage, not to give Leave, at any Time hereafter, to the Person above-mentioned to return to Avignon, or to pass through any Territory of France, under Pretext of returning either to Avignon, or to Lorrain, or even to set foot upon any Part at all of the Dominions of the said most Christian King, much less to abide there by any Name, or on any other Pretence whatever.

III.

The said most serene Kings, and the Lords the States General, do likewise promise and engage reciprocally, to refuse all Manner of Entertainment and Harbour to that Ally's Subjects, who have been, or shall be. declared Rebels, as (oon'as a Requisition to this Purpose shall be made by that Party contracting, whose Subjects those Rebels are reckoned to be; and also to compel the said Rebels to depart their respective Dominions within the Space of Eight Days from the Time the Minider of the said Ally shall have made the above-mentioned Requisition in the Name of his Mader.

IV.

The most Chridian King being sincerly desirous to execute, fully and wholly, all that has formerly been di-pulated with the French Crown, in relation to the Town of Dunkirk, and to perform all other Things, which might appear necessary to the King of Great Britain, for effectually destroying the Harbour of Dunkirk, as also, that all Suspicion of making a new Harbour at the Canal of Mar dick may be entirely removed, or even of applying the said Canal to any other Ule, than for carrying off the Waters, which otherwise would overflow that Country, and for the Commerce, necessary for supplying with Provisions, and subsiding, the Inhabitants of that Part of the Netherlands, which is only to be carried on by Vessels, not exceeding Sixteen Foot in Breadth; his most Chridian Majesty undertakes, and promises, to cauie all Things to be put in Execution, which M.

Envoy of the most Chridian King, and by him authorized with full Powers, agreed to lately at Hampton Court, as the same are specified in a Memorial, dated the 4-»-th Day of September, in the Year of our Lord 17x6, and signed by the Lord Viscount Foivnshend and Mr. Se-

cretaries of State of Great Britain, and also by the said M. d'Iberville; being as follows:

Specification of what is to be inserted in the Fourth Article of the Treaty, concerning the Canal, and Sluices, of Mar dick.

Fird, that the great Passage of the new Sluice of Mar-dick, which is Foot in Breadth, shall be destroyed from Top to Bottom; that is to say, by taking out its Bajoyers, Planking, Bufques, Longrines, and Travertines, the whole Length of it, and by taking away the Gates, the Timber and Iron Work of which shall be taken to Pieces; and all this may be employed elsewhere, to such Uses, as his most Chridian Majesty shall think fit; provided, however, that it never be used for any Port, Harbour, or Sluice, at Dunkirk, or at or in any other Place whatever, within Two Leagues Didance of either of those Places; the Intention of the Parties contracting, and the End, proposed by this Treaty, being, that no Port, Harbour, Fortification, Sluice, or Bason, shall be made or built at Dunkirk, at the Sluice of Mardick, or in any other Place whatever on the Strand, at such a Didance on that Coaff.

16

adlv. That the little Sluice shall remain, with respect to its Depth, as it is at present, provided its Breadth be reduced to Sixteen Foot; that is to say, by bringing Ten Foot forward, from the Wed Side, the Bajoyer of the Pile, after having taken away Six Foot of the Planking and Bufques of the Radier, the whole Lengthonthat Side, the Four Foot of Planking, that remains, being necessary to serve for a Foundation of the new Bajoyer; and the said Bajoyer being to be brought Ten Foot forward to the Ead, Ten Foot of the same Pile, on the Wed Side, shall likewise be destroyed, from its Foundation, to the end the present Radier may never serve (or a Sluice of Twenty-six Foot in Breadth, as the Sluice at present is.

jdly. The Jette6s, and Fafcinages, from the Downs, or highest Water-mark, to the lowed Water-mat k, oa the Strand, shall be razed on both Sides along the new Chenal, every where level with the Strand; and the Stones and Fafcinages, which are above that Level, may be taken away, and employed to such Ule, as his most Christian Majesty shall think fit; provided, however, that they be never used for any Port or Harbour at Dunkirk, or at Mardick, or in any other Place whatever, within Two Leagues Didance of either of those Places; the Intention of the Parties contracting, and the End, proposed by this Treaty, being, that no Jet tees, or Fafcinages, shall ever be made any more within that Didance, on any Part of the Strand of that Coast.

4thly, It is further dipulated, that, immediaely after the Ratification of the present Treaty, a sufficient Number of Workmen shall be employed to destroy the said Jettees along the new Chenal, that they may be razed, and this Work finished, within Two Months after the Ratification, if it be possible: But it having been repre-fented, that, because of the Season, neither the narrowing of the Radier of the little Passage, nor the destroying of the great Radier, can be begun till the next Spring;

it is agreed, that this Work shall be begun the-^~~2

and intirely finished in the Manner above specified, ifit be possible, by the End of June 1717.

5thly, The Demolition of the Digues, or Jettees on both Sides of the old Chenal, or Port of Dunkirk, shall be intirely finished every where level with the Strand, from the lowed Water-mark to within the Town of;

and if any Parts or Pieces of Fort Blanc, and of the Chateaux verd, and Bonne Esperance, yet remain, they shall be totally razed even with the Strand.

When this Treaty shall be ratified, the King of Great Britain, and the Lords the States General of the United Provinces, may lend Commidinners, to be Eye-witness'es, on the Spot, of the Execution of this Article.

We have signed this Article provisionally, and on Condition, that it be approved by his Britannick Majesty, his most Chridian Majesty, and the Lords the States General of the United Provinces. At Hampton Court, this -f-gth of September, in the Year 1716.

Signed,

f*ownjhend, P. Methuen, and Iberville.

V.

As the End and genuine Design of this Alliance between the said Kings and States General, is to preserve mutually the Peace and Tranquillity of their respective Kingdoms, States, and Provinces, which was edablifiied by the lad Treaties of Peace between the most serene Queen of Great Britain, the most serene most Chridian King, and the said high and mighty Lords the States General of the United Provinces, concluded and signed at Utrecht on the Eleventh Day of April, in the Year of our Lord 1713, it is agreed, and concluded, that all and Angular the Articles of the said Treaties of Peace, (o far as they relate to the Interests of the said Three Powers re-(pedively, and each of them in particular, as also the Successions to the Crown of Great Britain in the Protedant Line, and to the Crown of France, according to the said Treaties, shall have their full Force and Effect; and the said most serene Kings, and the Lords the States General, promise their mutual Guaranty, for the intire Execution

of

3 Geo. II. 19 — 20° Februariu 451

of all, that is stipulated in the said Articles, so far as they relate (as is aforesaid) to the Successions, and Interests, of the said Kingdoms and Provinces, as also for the maintaining and defending of all the Kingdoms, Provinces, Territories, Rights, Immunities, or Advantages, which each of the said Allies respectively shall actually possess at the Time of signing this Alliance; for which End the said Kings, and States General, have consented, and agreed, that, if any one of the said Allies shall be hostilely attacked by any Prince or State whatever, the other- Allies shall immediately interpose their good Offices with the Aggressor, to procure Right to be done to the Party injured, and to induce the said Aggressor to abstain intirely from all farther Hostility.

VI.

But if these friendly Offices should not have the desired Effect, by reconciling both Parties, and obtaining Satisfaction, and Reparation of Damages, within the Space of Two Months, then those of the Parties contracting, who shall not be attacked, shall be obliged to assist their Ally without Delay, and shall furnish the Party attacked with the Succours hereunder specified; that is to say.

The King of Great Britain Eight thousand Foot, and Two thousand Horse;

The most Christian King Eight thousand Foot, and Two thousand Horse;

The States General Four thousand Foot, and One thousand Horse.

But if the Ally, who shall be engaged in War, in the Manner aforesaid, shall desire to have assistance by Sea, or shall chuse Money, rather than Land or Sea Forces, it shall be freely at his Option, the Subsidies, to be furnished, bearing always Proportion to the Forces above specified. 4

And, that no Dispute may arise hereupon, it is agreed, that One thousand Foot shall be computed at Ten thousand Guilders, Dutch Money7, a Month, and likewise One thousand Horle at Thirty thousand Guilders, of the same Money, a Month, reckoning Twelve Months to the Year; the naval Succours to be valued in the like Proportion.

Vtl.

It is also agreed, and stipulated, that, if the Kingdoms, Countries, or Provinces, of either of the Allies, shall be disturbed by intestine Revolts, or Rebellions, on account of the said Successions, or any other Pretence whatsoever, that Ally, who shall be involved in such Troubles, shall haveaRight to demand of his Allies the Affiilanceabove-mentioned, or such Part thereof, as he shall judge expedient, and this at the Expence and Chargeof the Allies, who stand obliged to give the said Succours; the same to be fumished within the Space of Two Months, after they shall be required; the Party requiring still having his Option, as aforesaid, whether he would have those Succours in Land or Sea Forces, or ,in ready Money: The Charge of the Assistance, to be furnished by Virtue of this Article, shall be repaid to the Allies, who expended it, within the Space of a Year after those Disturbances shall be quieted and composed: But if the said Succours should not be sufficient, the Allies shall agree between them upon a further Help; and, it the same should require, shall even declare War against the Aggressors, and assist the Party injured with all their Forces.

VIII.

The present Treaty shall be ratified by his Britannick Majesty, his most Christian Majesty, and the Lords, the States General; and the Instruments of Ratification, in due Form, shall be reciprocally exchanged within Four Weeks from the Day or signing this Alliance, or looner, if it can be done.

In Witness whereof, we, the under-written, being authorized with full Powers by his Britannick Majesty, his most Christian Majesty, and the Lords the States General of the United Provinces, have, in the Names of all the forementioned, signed the presentTreaty with our Hands,

Vol. 21.

and set our Seals thereunto. At the the Fourth

Day of January, in the Year 1717.

(L. S.) Cadogan. (L. S.) Du Bois. (L. S.) J. an EJ/en.

(L. S.) Caftagnere. (L. S.) W. de Chajteaunenf.

(L.S.) ,

(L. S.) S. Coninck.

(L* S.) Le Baron de de

(L. S.) V. A. V. Burtnanid.

(L. S.) A.

(L. S.) JV. Wickers.

Mr. Huxley presented to the House (according to Order) PuniAiing a Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Stratford resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon new Church, the Bill for providing a Maintenance for the Minister of Minister'* the Parish Church of Saint Mary, Stratford , in the Maintenance. County of Middlesex;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, to ascertain the Bounds of the Hamlet of Mile-end Hew Town, in the Parish of Stepney, in the said County.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Perry took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Perry reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vienerisy 20° die Februarii;

Anno 3® Georgii IIdl Regis, 1729.

Prayrrs.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Mixbury to confirm an Agreement for inclosing the com- Inclosure. mon Fields, Downs, Waste, and uninclosed Lands, Part of the Manor of Mixbury, in the County of Oxon, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the principal Traders of the City of Hawkers and' Bristol', and also. Pedlar*.

A Petition of the Shopkeepers, and others. Inhabitants of the Borough of Horsham, in the County of Sussex; and also,

A Petition of the several Shopkeepers, and Dealers in Linen and Woollen, Mercery, Millinery, Hard-ware, and other Goods and Wares, within the Borough and Seaport Town of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Deputy Recorder, and justices of the Peace, of the City of New Sarum, at their General Quarter Sessions, held for the said City, on Monday, the 19th Day of January, in the Third Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George, and also of divers other Inhabitants, and Tradesmen, in the said City; and also,

A Petition of the principal Traders residentiary, and Inhabitants, in the ancient Borough of Lewes, in the County

45 2

20° Februarii.

A.

1729.

Hawkers and Pedlars.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Lane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments, made by their Loraships.

A Petition of Henry Lamb ton, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that John

County of Sussex, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Shopkeepprs in the Places adjacent, in the said County; and also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, and other Housekeepers, and fair Traders, in the Borough

of Ckefterfield, in the County of Derby; and also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, Esquire, and the Petitioner, flood Candidates at the last together with the principal Traders, Shopkeepers, and Election of a Citizen, to serve in this Parliament for the Inhabitants, of the City of Exon -, City of Durham, in the Room of Robert Shafto, Esquire,

Were severally presented to the House, and read; com- deceased; That before and at, the Election, Rober. plaining of great Decays in their Trades, occasioned Wharton, Esquire, the Mayor, and returning Officer, of by the clandestine Trade and Dealings, carried on the said City, appeared with Clubs, and other Weapons, by Hawkers, Pedlars, and petty Chapmen; and and acted as Agent, in a tumultuous Manner (with above praying, that they may be suppressed, or such other 200 Persons) for Mr. very arbitrary and par-

Relief given against them, as to the House shall tially, and admitted great Numbers of Papists, and other seem meet. Persons, who had no Right, to poll for him, and refused

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie the Votes of many, who had a Right, and offered to vote upon the Table. for the Petitioner, and used many other undue Practices in

Favour of Mr.; and hath returned him, although Certificate of Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this the Petitioner was duly elected by a Majority of legal Auditors of House, a Copy of the last original Certificate, delivered Votes, and ought to have been returned: And praying Impreftt. to tjje Icing's Remembrancer by the Auditors of the the Relief of the House in the Premises.

Imprefts. Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this sideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; House, an Account, shewing, what publick Funds are and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report now in being, how far they are incumbered, and what the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House. are, or are not, appropriated to the Sinking Fund. A Petition of Francis Walker, John Hull, Ralph Pear-

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this son, James 'Thomas Clement, Ralph,

cable to repay House, an Account of the Money paid into the Receipt and George Lit tie, on behalf of themselves,

Advances his Majesty's Exchequer, from the 29th Day of and divers other Freemen of the City of Durham, was tember 1722, to the 29th Day of September 1729, for presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that on

Publick

Funds.

Fund appK-

Tottm' &c. Nat.

the Produce of the Fund, payable to the East India Company for Three millions Two hundred thousand Pounds advanced by them, distinguishing each Year.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Paul Torras, and others.

And the said Amendments were read, and are as follows; viz.

Press 1. L. 16. Leave out "and."

L. 18. After " Franc" insert " Win. Obreen, " Son of Otto Obreen, by Anna his Wife, born at " dam, in Holland; Francis Lewis Gander, Son of Wm.

" Gander, by Hester his Wife, born at Tverdum, in the " Canton of Bern, in Switzerland, Peter Lullin, and John " Anthony Lullin, Sons of Mark Lullin, by Sarah his " Wife, born at Geneva; James de la Creuze, Son of " Solomon De la Creuze by Jacqueline his Wife, born at " Paris, in France-, Peter Mu Son of Peter Schout " Muilman, by Mary his Wife, born at in

" Holland; and Conrad Lang, Son of Luder Lang, by " Anne his Wife, born in the City of Bremen, in Germany."

L. 30. Leave out " and;" and, in the same Line, after " Le Maijlre" insert, " William Obreen, Francis Lewis Gander, Peter Lullin, John Anthony " Lullin, James De la Creuze, Peter Muilman, and Conrad Lang."

Press 2. L. 1. Leave out " and;" and, in the same Line, after " Le Maijlre" insert, " Wm. Obreen, Francis

fit

tf

Durham

Eisflio#.

the 26th of January 1729, came on the Election of a Citizen to serve in Parliament in the room of Robert Shafto, Esquire, deceased, when Henry Lamb ton and John Shafto, Esquires, flood Candidates; and the Petitioners did then and there offer their Votes for Mr. Lambton, but Robert Wharton, Esquire, the then and now Mayor of Durham, who took the Poll, refuled to

admit the Petitioners to vote, without any just Reason, and in manifest Prejudice to their Rights: And praying the Consideration of the House, and Relief, in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Richard Fiennes, an Infant, of the Age of Thirteen Years, or thereabouts, by Dame Alice St. Barbe, his Guardian, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that he is advised, that the Bill, depending before this House, for repairing the Roads between the Towns of Wisbech and March, in the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge, contains several Clauses, which tend to take away his Right to an ancient 'foil, paid for a Way, by Permission, over the Manor of Wal-derfta (the Petitioner's Estate in the said Isle) and by which the said Way is repaired: And therefore praying, that he may be heard by hisCounfel against the said Bill, and have such Relief, as the House shall think fit.

And the House being informed, that the Committee,

Lewis Gander, Peter Lullin, John Anthony Lullin, James to whom the said Bill was committed, had gone through

" De la Creuze, Peter Muilman, and Conrad Lang."

L. 33. Leave out " and;" and, in the same Line, after " Le Maijlre" insert, " Wm. Obreen, Francis " Lewis Gander, Peter Lullin, John Anthony Lullin, " James De la Creuze, Peter Muilman, and Conrad " Lang."

Press 3. L. 1. Leave out " and;" and, in the same Line, after " Le Maijlre" insert " Wm. Obreen, Francis " Lewis Gander, Peter Lullin, John Anthony Lullin, " James De la Creuze, Peter Muilman, and Conrad

" Lang."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

the fame, and had directed the Bill to be reported to the House with Amendments;

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and amending the Road between the Towns of Wisbech and March, in the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge, was committed, be received; and that the Petitioner be then heard by his Counsel against the said Bill, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard for the said Bill at the same time.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the said Bill was committed, be received upon Wednesday Sevennight.

A Bill

1,

A

11

I 51 $: S

II

Wilbech,

&c. lloab*

t 10

' L r

k fc

to

Ml

n

D

ti

F

r*

Locks and Wears on the Thames.

Supply Bill; Land Tax.

Bfovel'i

m.

Supply Bill; Duties on Malt, See.

Leave of Absence.

Answer to Addrefc

Galley Corner to Lemsford Mill Roadl.

3 Geo. II.

A Bill for reviving, and amending, an Act, made in the Sixth and Seventh Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, "An Act " to prevent Exactions of the Occupiers of Locks and " Wears, upon the River of Thames Westward, and for " ascertaining the Rates of Water Carriage upon the said River," was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Rowney, Mr. Conduit, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Sir

Edmund Bacon, Sir Richard , Mr. Holland, Mr.

Skippen, Mr. Brookfbank, Mr. Walcot, Sir Win.

Sir Wm. Strickland, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Wright, Sir Elton, Mr. Fenwick, Sir John Hind Cotton, Mr. Carr, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Oglethorp, Mr. Moore, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Hacks, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Gould, Sir Geo. Oxenden, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Hedworth, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Waller, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Winning ton, Mr. Bevan, Sir Clobery Noel, Mr. Sloper, Mr. Papillon, Mr.

mondeley, Mr. Towers, Sir John Barrington, Mr.

Mr. Offley, Mr. Potenger, Sir Wm. Keyte, Mr. Annejley, Mr. Grlebar, Mr. Fox, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Bromley, Sir Tho. Aston; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Berks, Gloucester, Bucks, Huntingdon, Wilts, and the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Tkurston and Mr. Masham:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, to be raised by a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1730, without any Amendment; and also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing HermanBroyel, without any Amendment.

And then the'Mefftfngers withdrew.

Sir Charles Turner presented to the House (according to Order) a Bill for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year 1730; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Potenger have Leave to go into the Country for a Week, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Mr. Secretaryat War reported to the House, that their Address, of Wednesday last, That his Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officer, to lay bdfore thb House, an Account of the Expences, his Majesty hath been at in fitting up the Room, called the Audition Room, and the Coffee Room thereto adjoining, formerly Part of the Court of Wards, with ConVeniencies for the Footmen, attending the Members of this House; as also an Account of what Demands are made by the Persons, who have for many Years been permitted to use the fame, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that- he will give Directions for laying before this House the Accounts, defiled by the said Address.

Mr. Winnington reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, living near, and travelling through, the Road, leading from Galley Corner, in Enfield Chace, in the Parish of South Mims, in the County of Middlesex, to Lemsford Mill, in the County of Hertford, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; that the Committee bad examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House: And he read the Vot. 21.

453

Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as follows; viz.

That the Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, dated the 13thInstant, proceeded toexamine the Matter of the Petition; and, to prove the Allegations thereof, Witnesses were called;

Mr. Samuel Hare, , Mr. Wm. Roberts, Mr. Thomas Marlborough, and Mr. Henry Fish; who, being severally examined, said, that the Road, leading from Galley in Enfield Chace, in the Parish of Mims, in the County of Middlesex, to Lemsjord Mill, in the County of Hertford, about Nine Miles in Length, is become (o bad; that in the Winter Season Carts, and other Carriages, cannot travel through the fame, without Danger: And also said, that the Statute Work has been constantly done by the Inhabitants of the several Parishes, in which the said Road lies; yet the same will require much more, than the Inhabitants are obliged to do, and to raise, to put the Road into such Repair, as that Hoifesand Carriages may pass and repass in the Winter Season, without Danger.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Road leading from Galley Corner, in Enfield Cl.ace, in the Parish of South Mims, in the County of Middlesex, to Lemsford Mill, in the county of;

and that Mr. Winnington and Mr. Sambroke do prepare; and bring in, the lame.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- Dilpofmoti ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole of the Sink-House, to take into Consideration that Part of his >ngFund,&c. Majesty's hioft gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, which relates to the Disposition of the growing Produce of the Sinking Fund, and the giving Ease to the Subject, where the Duties are moll grievous.

The Order for the House to resolve itself into a Com- Supply; mittde of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, being read;

Ordered, That the Surplusses, stated at Lady-day 1729, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Surplusses, stated at Michaelmas 1729, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account, shew ing how the Money, given for the Service of the Year 1729, hath been disposed of, distinguished under the several Heads, until the 29th Day of Januaty 1729, and the Parts thereof remaining unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereupon, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Lift of the reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines,' entitled to receive Hall-pay in Great Britain, with an Estimate of the Charge thereof, for the Year 1730, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee:

Mt. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report; when the House will please td receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Sir Charles Turner also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee dfithe whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Committee, appointed to enquire Enquiry into into the' State of the Gaols of this Kingdom, have Leave the State to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House. of Gaol*.

A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Charles Dalton, Gentleman-usher of the Black Rod:

5 Y Mr.

20° Februarii.

454

20° — 23° Februarii. A. 1729.

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend his Majesty immediately in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty in the House of Peers:

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, that the House had attended his Majesty in the House of Peers; and that his Majesty had been pleased to give the Royal Aficnt to One publick and Two private Bills following;

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Br, for the Service of the Year 1730:

An Act for naturalizing Paul , and others:

An Act for naturalizing Herman

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock,

Lunce, 2 30 die Februarii;

Anno 3* Georgii lldl Regis, 1729.

Prayers.

THE House being informed, that Mr. , from the Exchequer, attended at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Money paid into the Receipt of his Pundappfo Majesty's Exchequer, from the 29th Day of September caMrtorepa/ 1722, to the 29th Day of September 1729, for the Produce of the Fund payable to the East India Company for Three milllions Two hundred thousand Pounds advanced by them, distinguishing each Year* and also,

An Account of the Money paid into the Exchequer, from the 29th Day of September 172a, to the 29th Day i Ann*, of September 1729, for the Produce of the Funds, granted in the Eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for railing One million Five hundred thousand Pounds by a Lottery; and also an Account of the present annual Charges thereupon.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as follows} viz.

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled 1 Aw ACCOUNT of the Money paid into the Receipt of Majesty's Exchequer, from the 29th Day of September 1722, to the 29th Day of September 1729, for the Produce of the Fund payable to the Company

for Three millions Two hundred thousand Pounds advanced by them, distinguishing each Year.

£. s.

From 29th of September 1722,10 29th September 1723

17*4

1725

1726

1727

1728

1729

Exchequer, 23d Day of February, 1729.

174.710

165,777

161,519

171,618

173,360

172,981

170,988

10

‘3

4

19

18

16

6

d.

7 i Si

2

7

2

si

64

£ *>*9°»957 9 *i

Alexander Chocke.

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled:

An ACCOUNT of the Money paid into the Exchequer, from the 29th Day of September 1722, to the 29th Day of September 1729, for the Produce of the Funds, granted in the 8th Year of the Reign of- her late Majesty Queen Anne, for raising One million Five hundred thousand Pounds by a Lottery; and an Account of the present annual and other Charges thereupon.

From the 29th of September 1722, to D°

1723

1724.

1725

1726

1727

1728 1729

£. s.

135,683 16 i35'5*o

135*978 *39»°72 *45.338 *34.367 125,627

*7

x6

4

18

4

*9

d.

- 1

/Y

a,

2

10 6 i 8t

jr. 951,5*9 18 —

Annual and other Charges thereupon.

To the South Sea Company, an Annuity, at £. 4 per Cent, per Annum, redeemable by Parliament, for what was subscribed to them of the above-mentioned Lottery Annuities, 50 Georgii, nuper Regis ——

More, for Charges of Management ——

More, an Annuity, at £. 4 per Cent, per Annum, on a further Part of the said Lottery Annuities, subscribed 6® Geo. nuper Regis -They are also entitled, out of this Fund, to a Proportion of their additional Allowance of £. 12,000 per Annum, for Charges of Management, by the Act 6° Georg. lmi, which Proportion is, per Annum -To the Office, for paying the unsubscribed Part of the Lottery Annuities above-mentioned, and for Salaries to Officers and Clerks, with Incidents, per Annum ——

Total of the present annual Charge

Exchequer, 23d Day of

kebruary, 1729. Alexander

s. d.

69.873

*>397

17,267

*5

9

6

6

12 --

198 17 1*

11,200 9 9

1 ho eke.

99.938 3 10*

Ordered,

3 Geo. II. iffebrUdrii. 455

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the The House being informed, that some of the Corn-Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. missioners for licensing Hawkers and Pedlars, attended at

the Door, they were called in, and, at the Bar, presented Certificate The House being informed, that the Deputies to the to the House, pursuant to their Order, An Account of the of Auditors Auditors of the Imprefts attended at the Door, they gross and net Produce of the Duty* arising by licensing 0 nip,e were called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, Hawkers and Pedlars, for 9eyen Years last past, distin-pursuant to their Order, a Copy of the last original guishing each Year.

Certificate, delivered by the Auditors of the Imprefts And then he withdrew.

to the King's Remembrancer. And the Title of the said Account was read.

And then they withdrew. And the said Account is as follows;

And the Title of the said Certificate was read.

Ordered, That the said Certificate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Certificate is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

1

r

IT

t

; I l

u

'j

l! '

Vo L. 21,

-V

Licence Duty on Hawkers and Pedlars«

4

Cn

ov

Am A CCOUNT of the gross and net Produce of the Duty, arising by licensing Hawkers and Pedlars, for Seven Years last past, distjnguishing each Year.

Year, ending 24th June, 1723. Year, ending 24th June, 1724. Year, ending 241b June, 1725. Year, ending 24-th June, 1726. Year, ending 24th June, 17*7. Year, ending 24th June, 1728. Year, ending 24th June, 1729*

Gross Produce - m mm £ 1 i»33T *8 " Li. d. *1,077 7 — £' S. d. 10,705 3 — jr. s. d. 11,138 6 — £. s. d. 11,710 7 — L d. 11,229 8 — £ d. n,r35 16 —

Charges of Management m 1,949 9 8 a»H7 — 7i 2,095 6 G977 — 5i 2.253 y 7 2,190 6 10 2,376 11 x*4

Stamps on Licences - - 219 5 — 203 5 — 182 2 197 2 — 200 12 6 197 12 6 196 13 —

Allowance for prompt Payment of the Moiety of the Duty on Licences - latter 558 16 — 1 4^ Ln 00 i 529 12 — 549 12 — 580 556 4 — 556

Total of Deductions - 00 O N 2,895 13 7} OO 0 1 2>723 H 5i S.034 2 *>944 3 4 3,*29 4 Hi

Net Produce - - — 8,604 7 4 8,18* 13 4} 7,898 2 9l ,*v 8,414 11 64 8,676 4 11 8,285 4 8 8,006 1,1

£ 11,33* 18 — 11,077 7 — »o>75 3 — 11,138 6 — 11,710 7 — ... 11,229 8 — j 11,135 ,6

D

eg'

n'

CD

Q.

CT

O

o

cS

FT

Office for licensing Hawkers') and Pedlars, the 21st Day J-of February, 1729. J

Benj. Coode, Tho. , W. Luke.

& a ‘

cr> r=I

729.

Sik Duties.

Geo. II.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House being informed, that a Person from the Commissioners of the Customs attended at the Door, lie was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House* pursuant to their Order, An Account of the grot's and net

457

Produce of the Duties upon Salt, for Seven Years* from Christmas, 1721, to Christmas> 1728, distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as follows;

230 iFebruariu

An ACCOUNT of the gross and net Produce of the Duties upon Salt, for Seven Years, from 1721*

to Christmas, 1728, distinguishing each Year; viz.

The several YEARS. Gross Produce* Paid back upon Exportation. Net Produce.

f \ -> f 1721 1722 1722 1723 1723 1724 From Christmas ( 1724 \ To Christmas / 1725 1725 j 1726 1726 1727 ,17a7 J I1?28 " Total for Seven Years - - £. £. s. d. 873 12 5 2,136 2 6 i,769 — 6 1,803 2 8 1,272 8 9 i>556 1 ~ I»7I5 3 4 £. s. d. 163 6 4 23* — 5 284 15 5 185 4 8 *39 6 3 168 1 4 177 10 — £ ' 1. 7106 I 1,898 2 1 1,484 5 t 1,617 18 — 1,133 2 6 1,387 19 8 *.537 »S 4

11,125 11 2 U356 4 5 9,769 6 9

Custom-house, London,

2tft Febr. 1729.

Ex'* John Oxenford, Assistant tnfpe&or-general.

Note: Salt for the Filbery being not liable to pay the Duty of 5 s.per Wey, by the 4th and 5th of and Mary, and the Salt above-mentioned being mostly imported for that Use, the Computation of the Duties in this Account is exclusive thereof.

R. P. T. C. E. J. C.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

j Li8 df The House being informed, that a Person from one of I Mom the Judges of his Majesty's Court of Great Sessions for admitted the several Counties of Carmarthen, , and Cardi-

tt0,nies‘ £/7«, attended at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, a List of such Persons, as have been admitted Attorneys and Solicitors of his Majesty's Court of Great Sessions for the said several Count ies, in pursuance of the Act, passed in the last Sdiion of Parliament, for better Regulation of Attorneys and Solicitors; with the Places of their usual Abode, when and where admitted, and by whom.

And then he withdrew.

; And the Title of the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Lift do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Lift is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Clughton Mr. Shuftleworlh reported fVom the Committee, to Indofare. whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to indofe divers Commons, and Parcels of waste Grounds, lying and being in the Township of

in the Parish of Gar Jiang, and County Palatine of Lari's (after, was'committed; that the Committee had examined

1 the Allegations offhe Bill, and found the same to be true;

and that the Parties concerned, had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

( The said Bill was read the Third time.

Refblved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Shuttleworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Vol. 21.

E. Williams, D. Surveyor;

Robert Patil, Deputy Collector;

John Cre/wicke, Deputy Surveyor-general*

Thomas Causton, Deputy Comptroller.

Note: The Out-ports Accounts for the last Year, Ending at G/iriftmas, being not all returned, i$ thfc Reason this Account ends at ChristtHas, 1728.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Salnsbury Cotton have Leave Leave of to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraor- Absence. dinary Occasions.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the ancient Borough Hawker* and of Crickiade, in the County of Wilts, as well on the behalf Pedlar*, of the Shopkeepers of the said Borough, as of all other Shopkeepers of this Kingdom; and also,

A Petition of the Guild Stewards, Burgesses, Shopkeepers, and Manufacturers, of the Borough of Caine, iA the County of Wilts;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; complaining of great Decays in their Trades, occasioned by the clandestine Trade and Dealings, carried on by Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen; and praying, that they may be suppressed, or such other Relief given against them, as to the House flrall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Mr. Rowney reported from the Committee, to whom Woodstock the Petition of several Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Icc. Road*, arid other Persons, living in* and near the Road, leading from Rollriglit Lane, in the County of Oxford, through Enftone to Woodstock, in the said County; and also the Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, living in, and near the several Towns of C/eevefy,

Radford, Riddington. Glympton, Wooton, Domford, Tack* ley, and Wight hUl, in the County of Oxon, were referred* that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as follows; viz.

That tire Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, for referring the said Petitions to them; proceeded to examine the Matters thereof; and thfe 5 2 Persons*

Limehouse

Parish.

fibei brook Hill, &c. Botd.

Punching Mutiny and Defrrtion.

458

2 3° Febru.

1729.

Peffons, concerned for the First Petition, called Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer* acquainted the DemoKtkw Two WitnelTesj viz. House, that he had received his Majesty's Commands td of Dunkiik,

Hugh Clopton, Esquire, and Mr. Thomas Mender: And Jay before this House, Copies of several Papers, relating

they, being severally examined, said, that the Road, leading from Rollright Lane, in the said County of through Enftonei to Woodfock, being about Twelve Miles, is, by reason of the many heavy Carriages often passing through the fame, become ruinous, that many Places thereof in the Winter Season are impafiable for Waggons, and other Carriages: And further gave Evidence, that the Road can't be repaired, and kept amended, for the Accommodation of Passengers without some further Provision be made for that Purpose.

to the Port and Harbour of Dunkirk.

And lie presented the same to the House accordingly, together \v:th a List of them.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The laid Papers arc bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Alderman Perry (according to Order) reported Stratford

Then Witnesses were called, to prove the Allegations from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the

of the second Petition; viz.

SirThcmas Wheat, Baronet, Mr. Thomas and

Mr. Wm. Deaglewho laid, that the Road from Enjlow

Bridge, leading through Wigb Lane and Grounds, Dornford, and Glympton, to K, about Four Miles,

;s Part of the great Road from London to and

joins to the Road, leading from Rollright Lane co flock aforesaid: That the Road between Enflow Bridge and Kiddington is so very bad in the Winter Time, that Waggons and Carriages can't pass and repa(s with Safety: And they further said, that, if the Inhabitants of the several Parishes, wherein the Roads lie, were to do much more, than they are obliged to do by the Laws now in force, for repairing (lie Roadsofthis Kingdom.it would not be fuffiaent effectually to amend the said Roads

Bill f >r providing a Maintenance for the Minister of the Maintenance Parish Church of St. Mary, Stratford in the County of Middiefx, was committed, the Amendments, the Committee had made to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the IJoufe.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Charles Turner (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re-

Crdcred, That Leave be given to brng in a Bill for ferred to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty» the repairing (he Roads from IVoadstock to Rollright Lane, the Resolutions, they had dirtded him to report to the in the County of Oxford, and from Enjlow Bridge to Kid- House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards deli-

dington, in the said County; and that Mr. Rowney, Mr. vered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read,

Mr. Per rot, do and are as follow;

That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-three thousand Four Mr. Alderman Barnard presented to the House, accord- hundred Fifty-two Pounds, Sixteen Shillings, and Three ing to Order, a Bill tormaking the Hamlet of Lime- Pence, be granted to his Majesty, on Account of the house, and Part of the Hamlet ot Ratcliffe, in the Parish Out-pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1730. of St. DimftatCsStebunheath, alias Stepney, in the County That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

of Middlesex,a distinct Parish, and for providing a Main- That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-eight thousand

O' J '

Cartwright, Sir William Stapleton, and prepare and bring in, the fame.

tenance for the Minister of the new Church there; the same was received, and read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

and

A Bill for making more effectual an Act, passed in the

Seven hundred Eighty Pounds, Twelve Shillings, and Five Pence Three Farthings, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying several extraordinary Expences and Services incurred, and not provided for by Parliament. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King That a Sum, not exceeding Sixty-four thousand Pounds, George the Fiift, for repairing and widening the Road be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, to reduced from Sher brook Hill, near Buxton and Chappie in the Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, for

Frith, in the County of Derby, to Manchester, in the the Year 173c.

County of Lancaster, was read a Second time. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Legh That a Sum, not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds, be Majier, Mr. Alderman Child, Mr. Doddington, Mr. Wat- granted to his Majesty, upon Account, towards the

kyn Williams Wynne, Mr. Winning ton. Sir John AJllcy, Support of the Royal Hospital at Greenvjich, for the Mr. Pelham, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. better Maintenance of the Seamen of the said Hospital, Williams, Sir Jermyn Davers, Mr. Gregory, Mr. Choi- worn out, and and become decrepit, in the Service of

mondeley.Lord Morpeth, Mr. Cary, Sir Tho. Saunderson, their Country.

TVIr. Wyndham, Mr. Chauncy, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Hucks, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Mr. Towers, Mr. Danvers, Sir James Campbell, Mr. That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Fifteen Booth, Mr. Wither, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Alderman Perry, thousand Four hundred Forty-six Pounds, and Three Mr. Lyfer, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Walcot, Mr. Compton, Mr. Pence, be granted to his Majesty, to make good the De-Hedworth, Mr. Vincent, Sir Edmund Bacon, Lord Malpas, ficiency of the Grants for the Service of the Year 1729. Sir Nicholas Williams, Mr. Sambrooke, Mr. Griffith-, and Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, all the Members, that serve for the Counties of Laneaf That a Sum, not exceeding Sixty-three thousand Three ter, Chester Derly, and York: And they are to meet hundred Forty-four Pounds, Sixteen Shillings, and Five

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Pence Farthing, be granted to his Majesty, for making Chamber. good the Deficiency of the General Fund of Seven hundred Twenty-four thousand Eight hundred Forty-nine A Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for Pounds, Six Shillings and Ten Pence, and One-fifth the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters, Part of a Peny, per Annum, for the Year, ended at was read a Second time. Michaelmas, 1729.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee That a Sum, not exceeding Seventy-seven thousand One of the whole House. hundred Twenty-seven Pounds, Eleven Shillings, and

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Three Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for the Charge Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole of the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, for the House, upon the said Bill. Year 1730.

15 Resolved,

Supply)

IB.

If

IBt;

Cll

all

no

k

p

Chi

k

k

co;

Hoi

ik

‘'KB

lit; st r tue

k

hit

C».

Ir<ti

fo/,

fii

V

1

3 Geo. II.

23°- — 14

459

stOZj.!

is*

0

'31-

id

.13

tr:

CD,

:a -

'r.

2r«

;te

3.

*1,4

d

L

A

d

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Seventeen thousand Two hundred Seventy-two Pounds, Eighteen Shillings, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the extraordinary Expence of the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, not provided for by Parliament.

The laid Resolutions being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Deptford Sir Roger Meredith reported from the Committee, to w^0111 t^le Petition of the Churchwardens, Overseers of Maintenance. ^ie Poor, and other principal Inhabitants, of the Parish of St. Nicholas, Deptford, in the Counties of Kent and Surry, in behalf of themselves, and all other Inhabitants of the said Parish, was referred; that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; Where the same was read, and is as follows; viz.

That the Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, dated the 18th of this instant, February, proceeded to examine the Matter of the said Petition; and, to prove, the fame, the Petitioners called the following Witnesses; viz.

Mr. Pet ley Lee, Mr. Thomas Mr. Richard

Wogan, and John Biddlecomb; who, being severally examined, laid, that a Church has been built upwards of Seven Years, but is not consecrated, and a District for a new Parish has been appointed; but no Provision has been made for a Minister, by reason the DiRrift is mollly inhabited by labouring men, who are scarce able to provide for their Families: That a Tenth Part of the Houses in the said new-intended Parish now Rand empty; and by the Increase of the Poor, and the great Taxes, which they constantly are obliged to pay, and what they lay out towards their Subsistence, they are disabled from railing any Maintenance for a Minister.

And they further said, that out of One hundred Houses, in one Part of the Town, not above Three pay to the Poor.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for providing a Maintenance for the MiniRer of the Parish Church of St. Nicholas, Deptford, in the Counties of Kent and Surry; and that Sir Roger Meredith, Sir Robert Furnefe, Mr. Polhill, Sir Robert Austen, and Doctor Sayer, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

,3 The other Order of the Day being read;

JJjy* Resolved, That this House will, upon Seven-

:t night, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole

s [ House, to consider further of Ways and Means for railing

it: ' the Supply granted to his Majesty.

I-": Committee Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elcc-

[i. > of Privileges, tions be adjourned.

I And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Nine of the Clock.

!)# " " ' — 11

Fs

Miibury

Indotore.

Mart is, 24° die Februarii;

Anno 3* Georgii IT1 Regis, 1729. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to confirm an Agreement for inclosing the common Fields, Downs, Wade, and uninclosed Lands, Part of the Manor of Mixbury, in the County of Oxon, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second time.

kefolved. That the Bill be committed to Sir John Hind Cotton, Mr. Ameftey, Mr. Scowen, Mr. Harley, Mr. Geers, Mr. Lyfier, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Selzvyn, Mr. Bramjlcn, Sir John Dutton, Sir Richard Lane, Mr. Taylor, Mr. Bacon, Sir Wm. Mr. , Mr.

Furnefe, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Mr. Whitworth,

V 01. 21.

Colonel Onslow, Sir Edward Knatchbull, Mr. Perrot,

Mr. Alderman Child, i\ir. Master, Sir Nathanael Curzon,

Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Finch, Sir Justinian Isham, Sir John St. Anbin, Mr. Lacon Child, Mr. Burton, Sir John AJlley, Mr. Clayton, Colonel Read, Mr. St. John, Mr.

Compton, Sir Wm. Stapleton, Sir Tho. Sebright, Mr. Clavering, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Pernon Sir Robert;

and all the Members, that serve for the Counties of Oxon, Northampton, Bedford, and Gloucester: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to inspect Expiring what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion to the House, which of them are fit to be revived, or continued.

And it is referred to Mr. BramftonSir James Mr Scrope, Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. Wyndham, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Mr. Huxley, Mr. Chauncy, Mr. Solicitor-general, Mr. St. John, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Anntftey, Mr. Jacomb, Mr. Heathcote, Mr. Bacon, Mr.

Harley, Mr. Geers, Mr. Oglethorpe, Mr. Conduit, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Glanville, Mr. Fane, Mr. Selwyn, Mr.

Wither, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Attorney-general, Mr.

Mr. Bvnge , Mr. Master, Mr. Whitworth, Mr.

Mr. Plummer, Mr. Holland, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Vernon,

Mr. Towers; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens of Hawker* and the City of Worcester, assembled in Council; and also. Pedlar*.

A Petition of the Shopkeepers, and Manufacturers, in and about the Borough of Warwick, in the County of Warwick; and also,

A Petition of the Manufacturers, and Tradesmen, of the Borough of Wigan, in the County of Lancaster; and also,

A Petition of the Shopkeepers, and publick Traders, of the Town of Guildford, in the County of Surry; and also,

A Petition of the Shopkeepers, and publick Traders, of the Town of Godalming, in the County of Surry; and also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, Burgesses, and Inhabitants of the Town and County of the Town of Southampton; and also,

A Petition of the Bailiff, approved Men, and Burgesses of the Borough of Andover, in the County of Southampton, who have thereunto set their common Seal, and other Freemen, and Inhabitants, of the said Borough; and also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and other principal Inhabitants, of the Borough of , in the County of Cornwall;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; complaining of great Decays in their Trades, occasioned by the clandeRine Trade and Dealings, carried on by Hawkers, Pedlars, and petty Chapmen; and praying, that they may be suppressed, or such other Relief given againR them, as to the House shall seem meet. '

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, living in and near the Towns of,

Andover, and the several Pari files of , Dean,

Overton, Laver flock, Whitchurch, Horfborn Priors, Little Aum, and Wallop, whose Hands are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Road, leading from a Place, called Maple-tree Hatch, com' Southampton, to the meeting of the Counties of Southampton and Wilts, near a Place, called Lobb-cock's Corner, which Road passes through Baftngstoke, Overton, and the several Parishes aforesaid, and is in so ruinous a Condition, that the Parishes are not able to repair the

feme.

Hertford

Bridge

Road*.

460 240 Fe

fame, without some other Provision be made, than the present Laws do afford, though it be the Post Road, leading to several of the chief trading Towns in the West of England^ and is the (liorteft Way, yet Coaches and Carriages are obliged to use another Road, because of the Badness thereof: And praying, that Leave may be given j to bring in a Bill for repairing the Roads in the several Parishes and Places aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Fane, Mr.

Guidott, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Heathcote, Mr. JDodington, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Bromley, Sir Rowland Mr. Chauncy,

Sir Fho. Frankland ', Mr. Metcalfe, Mr. Geers, Lord Mafas, Lord Morpeth', Sir Abraham Elton, Mr. IF inning! on, Mr. Perrot, Mr. Hucks, Colonel Bladen, Mr. Conduit, Mr. St. John, Mr. , Mr.

Mr. Earle, Mr. Rozvncy, Dr. Sayer, Sir Robert Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. IVy Mr. , Mr.

Duncomb, Mr. Wither, Mr. , Mr.;

and all the Members that 1'erve for the Counties of Southampton, Wilts, Dorset, Devon, and Corn-

wall: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber j and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Hertford A Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and

®^I|e Inhabitants, living near, and travelling through the Road, leading from Hertford Bridge, in the County of Southampton, to the Meeting of the Counties of Southampton, and Wilts, near to a Place, called Lob-cock's Corner, being Part of the great Post Road from the City of London to the Land's End, who Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the said Road, by reason of the many heavy Carriages passing through the fame, is become very ruinous, and dangerous to Passengers, especiallyin Winter; and the Inhabitants of the several Parishes are not able to repair the feme by the Laws now in being for that Purpose, without some other Provision be made: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the said Road.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-, ^deration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, living in, and near, the Towns of Whitchurch, Andover, and the several Parishes of Worten, Dean, -

flock, Whitchurch, Horjborn Priors, Little Awn, and Wallop, whose Hands are thereuntofubferibed, is referred; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Demolition Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the of Dunkirk. House, that he had received his Majesty's Commands to lay before this House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, Copies of several Papers, relating to the Port and Harbour of Dunkirk.

And he presented the same to the House accordingly, together with a List of them.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A Message from the Losds, by Mr. Burroughs and Mr. Tothill:

Mr. Speaker,

Lilfinjjtou Lords k*ve passed a Bill, iatkuled> An Act for

Indofore. inclosing several common Fields, common Meadows, and other commonable Lands, in the Parish of Lillington, in the County of Warwick; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The said Bill was read the First time.

Rest lutd.That the Bill be read a Second time.

Bankrupts A Petition of Matthew Churchill, Robert

Certificate!.

Wuarii. 1729

Samuel Dunklyn, Robert Blagrave, and others, whose Names are thereunder subscribed, in behalf of them- selves, and many others, unfortunate Bankrupts, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, that in the Years 1726 and 1727, Commissions of Bankruptcy were issued again!! them, and they were found Bankrupts, and thereupon delivered up al! their Effects to their Creditors, pursuant to the late Act, of the Fifth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, for better preventing Frauds committed by Bankrupts, and had obtained Certificates of Four Parts in Five, in Number and Value, of their Creditors, before the Expiration of that Act; but that Act expiring, they could not afterwards obtain their Certificates to be allowed by the Lord Chancellor, or Judges, according to the Directions of that Act; and now their Creditors bring Actions against them, though they have delivered up all their Effects, and they mult ltarve in Prison, unless relieved by Parliament: And therefore praying the House to take their same into Consideration, and grant them Relief, by enabling the Lord Chancellor to allow their Certificates, or in such other manner, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the feme, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Plummer, Mr. Chauncy, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. 7 if on, Mr. Finch, Mr. St. John, Mr.

Conduitt, Mr. Waller, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Bramflon, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Cl avert tig, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Geers,

Mr. Gould, Sir Roger Meredith, Mr. Bacon, Mr.

Mr. Polhill, Mr. Newlaud, Sir Edward Stanley, Sir

Wilfrid Lawson, Mr. Dockminique, Mr. Mr.

Wyndham, Mr. Vernon, Mr. WinnMr. Metcalfe, Mr. Jacomb, Mr. Glanvil/e, Mr. Anne/ley, Mr. Alderman Child; and all the Merchants of the House; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Compton presented to the House (according to Bridutwa Order) a Bill for repairing the Road, leading from a Gate, called Shipjhm Toll-gate, at , in the

Parish of Old Stratford, in the County of Warwick, through Alderminster, and Shipston upon Slower, to the

Top of Long ComptonHI, in the County of Warwick

aforesaid; and the same was received.

A Petition of Elizabeth, Countess Dowager of Kildare, Earl of the Lady Catharine Jones, Administrairix, with the Will R*n^b'1 annexed, of Richard, late Earl of Ranelagh, deceased, Margaret, Countels of Coningefbythe Lady Frances Coningefby, Daughters of Frances, late Lady , all

Co-heirs of the said Richard, late Earl of Ranelagh, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the said Richard, late Earl of Ranelagh, in his Life-time did, for several Years, in the Reigns of the late King William and Queen Anne, execute the Office of Paymaster-general

of the Forces of this Kingdom, but died before his'final Accounts were paffird; and, at the time of hfe Death* the said Earl wasfeonfiderably indebted to several Persons upon Bond, and by simple Contraft: And praying, hat Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for Sale of the said late Earl's Houses and Estate at Chefea, in the County of Middlesex, and at Cranborne, in the County of Berks,

and in King-streit, in the Parish of St. Westminster, and that the Money, arising by Sale thereof, may be placed out at Interest, to abide the Event of the said late Earl's publick Accounts, and to pay the Balance, if any shall appear thereon, and to pay what has been, or may hereafter be, expended in prosecuting the same to a Determination, and for such other Purposes, as shall be thought requisite.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, acquainted tire House, that this same had been humbly represented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that his Majesty gives his Content,

that this House may do therein, as they shall think fit.

Ordered,

3 Geo. II.

240 Februarii.

461

jjcwhnven

harbour.

Ordered, Th.it Leave be given to bring in a Bill, ac- Mr. Duckett, Mr. Mr. Mr.

cord ill 2 to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Mr. Mr. Papillon, Sir Richard Lane, Mr.

Annejley and Mr. Geers do prepare, and bring in, the lame. Mr. , Mr. Mr. Gybbon, Mr.

worth. Dr. Mr. Owen, Mr. Annejley, Mr Vincent,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, and other the Inhabi- Mr. Mr. Alderman Mr. John, Sir

tants, of the Towns of Lewes, Seaford, Brighthe/tnesion, Edward Mr. Master, Mr. Mr. Hol-

Newhaven, and Places afijac<yit, in the County of Sussex, land, Mr. Bond, Mr. Laroche, Colonel Bladen, Mr. was p re fen ted to the House, and read; setting forth, Bramston, Mr. Williams, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. that at Newhaven there was, Time immemoiial, a Pier of Chauncy, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Boon, Mr.

Timber built, for making a Harbour, for the Safety of ing, Mr. and all the Members, that serve for

Merchant Ships, employed in transporting Corn Coast- the County of Middlesex, and City of London: And they wife, and also to foreign Parts, and for the more speedy are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in and easy Conveyance oi great Quantities of Timber, which the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for are annually lent to his Majesty's Docks and Yards: Persons, Papers, and Records.

That, during the time of the Pier, there was a safe Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com-Harbour, for Ships of a confiuerable Burden to enter, mittee, that they do enquire, why the Commissioners, but, being rendered useless, for want of Provision made for building the Fifty new Churches, have not rebuilt for the Maintenance thereof, the Water runs into the Sea the Parish Church of St. Giles in the , in pursuance near 300 Rods to the Eastward of the Pier, and often of an Act, made in the Fourth Year of his late Majesty's by Storms is quite flopped, to the great Damage of the Reign, intituled, "An Act to impower the Corn-

Merchants and Inhabitants thereabouts, whose Ships have been kept in Two or Three Months: That the Situation of the said Harbour is in the Bottom of a deep Bay, about Three or Four Leagues to the Westward of Beachy Head, which, being made a good Harbour, might prevent many Wrecks, which too often happen, and be a safe Port, in time of War, from Privateers, who frequently lurked in this Bay: And praying, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable them to collect a final 1 Duty on Goods exported and imported, for rebuilding the said Pier.

Ordered, That the Lid Petition be referred to the

missioners, appointed to put in Execution the Acts " of the Ninth and Tenth Years of her late Majesty's Reign, for building Fifty new Churches in and about " the Cities of London and Westminster, and Suburbs " thereof, to direct the Parish Church of St. Giles in the " Fields, in the County of Midd/ejex, to be rebuilt,

" instead of one of the Lid Fifty new Churches."

A Petition of several Merchants of the City of London, Importing whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of his Salt into Majesty's Colony of New York, in America, was pre- ^ew York, fented to the House, and read; alleging, that they are

oonsideration of a Committee j and that they do examine in great Want of Salt, for the Improvement of their the Matter thereof, and report the fatne, as it shall Fisheries, which would be very much enlarged, were appear to them, to the House: they better supplied with Salt; and therefore praying.

And it is referred to Mr. Pelham, Mr. Secretary at that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for importing War, Mr. Dodington, Mr. Sandys, Mr. JeJJop, Mr. Salt from Europe into the said Colony, or that the Pe-Bromley, Sir Orl. Bridgman^ Mr. Pu/teney, Mr. Winning- titioners may have such other Relief, as to the House ten, Mr. Geers, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Wither, Mr. Plumptre, shall seem meet.

Mr. Orlebar, Mr. Sekvyn, Mr. Nelthorpe, Mr. Campbell, Lord Morpeth, Mr. WhitwortMr. Parsons, Mr. Chauncy, Mr. Moreton, Mr. Glanville, Mr.

Mr. Shu/tleworth, Mr. Heathcote, Mr. Knol/ys, Mr. St.

John, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Bold, Mr. Mr.

Sir Richard Grosvenor, Sir Nicholas Williams, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Colonel Onslow, General Sabine, Sir Edward Knatchbull, Mr. Scowen, Mr. Jacomb, Sir Richard Lane, Mr. Broke, Mr. Neale, Mr. Plummer, Mr. ville, Mr. Bacon, Sir Jermyn Davers, Lord Mr. Master, Sir Tho. Frankland-, and all the Members,

that serve for the Counties of Kent, the Cinque

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Cor.sideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. Sandys '. Mr. Brook/bank, Mr .'Bacon, Colonel Bladen, Mr. Conduitt, Sir Justinian Isham, Mr. Wither, Mr.

Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Sir Charles Hot ham, Mr. Alckrman Parsons, Mr. Scrope, Mr. Cary, Mr. St. John, Mr. Plumptre, Sir Wm. Yonge, Lord Colerain,

Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Annejley, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Glanville, Mr. Laivfon, Mr. Andrews, Sir John

Ports, and the City of London-, and all the Merchants Mr. Lyster, Mr. Hucks, Mr. Geers, Mr. Master, Mr

Bloom Ibury «e*Church.

of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the District, assigned to the new Church, built near Market,

in the County of Middlesex, waspresented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Commissioners for build-

Whitworth, Mr. Bold, Sir Edward Stanley, Colonel Onslow, Sir John Rushout, Mr.; and all the

Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Sir William Dudley, Baronet, and Dame

ing Fifty new Churches have built one new Church near , his Wife, the only Daughter, and Heir, of

Bloomsbury Market, and have appointed a District for the Sir Richard Kennedy, Baronet, deceased, was presented fame; whichChurch hasbeen long ready for Consecration, to the House, and read; letting forth, that under a and fit for divine Service: That the said District is very Settlement, made in 1679, by Sir Richard Kennedy, populous, and are desirous to have the Church endowed. Baronet, one of the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in and a Maintenance provided for the new Rector: And Ireland, and Grandfather of the Petitioner, Dame praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for beth, flic, as Heir to her said Grandfather, became en-Endowment of their said new Church, and to enable them titled to the Fee-simple of his Estate in Ireland, settled to provide a Maintenance for the Rector thereof, by such as aforesaid, expectant on the Death of William,

Ways and Means, as to the House shall seem meet. her great Uncle, without Issue Male; which William, in Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con- the Life-time of his Brother Robert, turned Papill, and sideration of a Committee; and that they do examine was engaged in the Irish Rebellion in 1688; whereby his the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear Remainder for Life, under the said Settlement, becaftie to them, to the House. forfeited to the Crown, and was afterwards by an Act,

And it is referred to Mr. Hucks, Mr. Oglethorpe, Mr. of the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of King William the Metcalfe, Mr. Polhill, Sir Robert Sutton, Sir Rowland Third, for Sale of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, veiled Alston, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Towers, Mr. Phillips, in Trustees, for the Use of the Publick, and was by & Vol. 21. 6 A subsequent

Dudley's

forfeited

Estates.

4-6 2 24° — 250 Februarii. A. 1729.

subsequent Ad, of the First: Year of Queen for

advancing the Sde of the forfeited Estates, vested in the Crown, for the Use in the said former Act mentioned, subject to such Orders, and Appointments, as should be thereafter given by the Parliament of England in that behalf: That the said William Kennedy, after the Rebellion, having withdrawn to Parts beyond the Seas, it was not known, whether he was living, or dead; and the Petitioner entered upon the said Estate, on her Father's Death: That afterwards Robert "Jones, Esquire, and Elizabeth, his Mother, Daughter of the First Sir Richard Kennedy, having discovered the said Forfeiture to the Crown, he, as a Reward for the Discovery, in 1726 obtained of his late Majesty a Grant, or of so much of the said forfeited Estate, as lies in the County of Wicklow, of the clear yearly Value of f. 720. for Ninety-nine Years, if the said William Kennedy lo long live, referring to the Crown Three-fourths of the yearly Value: That the said William Kennedy is near Seventy Years old, and unmarried; and, though, on his Decease, the Title of the Crown determines, the Petitioners, and their Children, are reduced to very great Distress; and having always shewn their Zeal and Affedion to the Protellant interest, and his Majesty's Person and Government, they pray, their same may be taken into Consideration, and that forne Provision may be made, for veiling the said Title and Interest of the Crown, under the said Forfeiture, in Trustees, for the Benefit of the Petitioner, Dame Elizabeth, and her Issue, or that they may be otherwise relieved, as this House shall think fit.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, that this same had been humbly represented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that his Majesty gives his Consent, that this House may do therein, as they think fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for - the Relief of the Petitioner, Dame Elizabeth Dudley,

and her Issue; and that Mr. Winning ton and Mr. do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read;

Prohibiting A Bill to prevent, or prohibit, any Person or Persons, fcneivn0 Majesty's Subjects, or residing within this Kingdom,

States. to advance or lend any Sum or Sums of Money to any foreign Prince, State, or Potentate, without Licence obtained from his Majesty, under his Privy Seal, or some greater Authority, was read a Second time.

Refoved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And thgn the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuric 250 die Februarii \

Anno 3° Georgii IP1 Regis, 1729.

P RAY ERS.

Clerk's \/f R* Speaker acquainted the House, that Mr. , Assistant. JLY1 the Clerk's Assistant, being at present so indifpoied with the Gout, as not to be able to attend, the Clerk therefore desires, that Mr. William Hester may be admitted to assist him, during Mr. s Indisposition.

Ordered, That Mr. William Hester be admitted to assist the Clerk of this House, during the prel'ent, or any future, Indisposition of Mr. Aijkew, which may be in this Session of Parliament.

Hawkers A Petition of the Traders, and Shopkeepers, and other and Pedlait. the principal Inhabitants, of the Borough of Hertford, in the County of H.rtford; and aiio, A Petition of the Shopkeepers, and other Traders, in the Borough of Bodmyn, in the County Cornwall,

and also,

A Petition of the Tradesmen, Shopkeepers, and In- Kawkrrj habitants, of the Town of Stourbridge, in the County of and Ptdlan. Worcester; and also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of the Borough of Newcastle under Line, in the County of Stafford; and also,

A Petition of the principal Inhabitants, and Trades-men, of the Borough of Derby;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; complaining of great Decays in their Tracies, occasioned by the clandestine Trade and Dealings, carried on by Hawkers, Pedlars, and petty Chapmen; and praying, that they may be iuppressed, or such other Relief given against them, as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Bill for repairing the Road leading from a Gate, Bri^towii cal'ed Shipston Toil-gate, at BriJo/ozvn in the Pari 111 of ko»d. Old Stratford, in the County of Warwick, through Alderminster, and Shipfion upon Slower, to the Top of Long Compton Hill, in the said County, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Proprietors of the Navigation of Kenner the River Kennet, from Reading to , in the N8V,»4"on*

County of Berks, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and others concerned therein, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the said River hath, pursuant to several Acts, made 1* tt 70 Geo. lmi, been made navigable, at the great Charge and Expence of the Proprietors, who now find themselves under great Difficulties to recover the Duties, appointed by the said Acts, the Powers, thereby given, being in some Cafes insufficient; and they lie under other Hardships, for want of further Powers to make those Acts effectual: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making the said Acts more effectual, and for granting such further Powers, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Barnard, Mr.

York, Mr. Earle, Mr. Bowles, Mr. Myddelton, Sir Robert Aujlen, Mr. Alderman Pe, Mr. Lewin, Mr. Baron Birch, Mr. Potenger, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Met-

calfe, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Scrope, Sir Charles Turner, Mr.

St. John, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Mr.

Winnington, Mr. Oglethorpe, Mr. Chauncy, Mr. Shaft0,

Mr. Conduitt, Mr. Plummer, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Wyni-ham, Mr. Watkin Williams Wynne, Sir Geo. Saville, Mr.

Heathcote, Sir Gilbert Heathcote, Mr. Inwen, Sir Joseph Eyles, Mr. Waller, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Sandys, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Parson, Mr. Edwards, Mr. Bevan,

Mr. Scowen, Mr. Hucks, Sir Richard Lane, Sir Knatchbull-, and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Berks and Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Perlohs, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill for providing a Maintenance for the Stratford Minister of the Parish Church of St. Mary, Stratford Bow, new rhiireb, in the County of Mtdd/efex, was read the Thiru time. Mimftrr'j Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title MamcMD be, An Act for providing a Maintenance for the Minister of the Parish Church of Saint Mary, Stratford Bow, in the County of Aiiddle/ex.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Perry do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Colonel Bladen, from the Commissioners for Trade and Colony of Pantations, presented to the House, pursuant to their S:. iwa. Addre.s to his Majesty, the Eleventh of this Instant

February,

P

t

v

a

ii

di

‘.it

3 Geo. II. 250 — 26°F. 463

February, Copies of fevearl Papers relating to the Island of S* Lucia, copied from the Books in the Plantation

Office; togerher with a List of them.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Dialing Mr. Sandys presented to the House (according to Perfo»s hav- Order) a Bill for making more effectual the Laws in being from beings for'disabling Persons from being chosen Members of, or Members. fitting or voting in, the House of Commons, who have 1 any Pension during.Pleasure, or for any Number of Years,

or any Offices held in Trust for them; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

J Call of the The Orders of the Day being read;

House. Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned till I Tomorrow Fortnight, the 12th Day of March next.

Ordered, That Mr. 7‘ilfon.Sir 7 , Mr. and

Edwards, Colonel Negus, Mr. Mr. Low:her, '?,efrr!on

Sir James Thornhill, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Mr.

Whitworth, Mr. Hales, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Brtjloiv,

Mr. Vincent, Mr. Lumley, Sir Wm Willys, Colonel Pelham, Mr. Compton, Lord Harry PoColonel Bladen,

Mr. Drumond, Mr. Alderman ParJoHs, Mr. Clayton,

Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Page, Sir Wm. Morgan, Mr. Wyndham,

Captain Keymifs, Mr. Wither, Sir Strickland, Co-

lonel Pitlteney, Mr. Sandys, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for reviving, and amending^ an Act, made in the Sixth and Seventh Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, "An Act to prevent Exactions of the Occupiers of Locks " and Wears upon the River Thames Wcltward, and for " ascertaining the Rates of Water Carriage upon the " said River," is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning; Nine of the Clock.

Disposition The Order being read, for the House to resolve itself fthcSinking into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Con-fund, c. fjcjenition that part of his Majesty's most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, which relates to the Dif-u position of the growing Produce of the Sinking Fund,

S. 4 and the giving Ease to the Subject, where the Duties are

j moll grievous;

Ordered, That his Majesty's most gracious Speech from the Throne be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the gross and net Produce of the Duties upon Candles for Seven Years, to Midsummer last, distinguishing each Year, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That 1 lie Account of the gross and net Produce of the Duties upon Candles, imported in Seven Years, from Christmas 1721, to Christmas 1728, and from thence to Midsummer following, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the gross and net Produce of the Duties upon Snap, for Seven Years, to Mid-hummer last, distinguishing each Year, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the grots and net Produce of the Duties upon Soap, imported in Seven Years,

| from Christmas ^\, to Christmas 1728, and from thence

! to Midsummer following, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the gross and net Produce of the Duty on Salt, for Seven Years, ending at; Michaelmas 1729, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the giofs and net Produce of the Duties upon Salt, for Seven Years, from Chrifmas 1721, to Christmas 1728, distinguishing each Year, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the gross and net Produce of the Duty upon Hops, for Seven Years, to Mid-, Jummer 1729, distinguishing each Year, and what Arrears

I are now Handing out unpaid, be referred to the said

I Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that they had made some Progress in the Matter to them I referred; and that the Committee had directed him to

v / move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-

night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of that Part of his Majesty's most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, which relates to the Disposition of the Sinking Fund, and the giving Ease to the Subject, where the Duties are most grievous.

Fmiitee Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec-

riltges. tions be adjourned.

1 Y01. 21.

Jovis, 26® die Februarii;

Anno 3® Georgii Ildi Regis, 1729.

Prayers.

A PETITION of several Merchants, and Traders, Broad Wheel* whole Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of ®n lltc themselves, and others, inhabiting within the City of London, and Places adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that in an Act, 5* Geo. I"‘, for making more effectual several Acts passed, for repairing and amending the Highways of this Kingdom, there are some Clauses, relating to the Width of the Streaks and Tire of the Wheels of Waggons and Carts, travelling for Hire; which Ad, by reason that all Waggons and Carts, not travelling for Hire, are excepted, hath not answered the Intent thereof, but hath caused the railing the Price of Carriage of Goods and Merchandize, and is a great Prejudice to the inland Trade, which might be remedied, if all Waggon, and Cart Wheels were fixed to one certain Size: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to ascertain the Breadth and Size of all Waggon and Cart Wheels, and to give them such other Relief, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Barnard, Mr.

Wither, Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. Digby, Mr. Neivhnd,

Mr. Bromley, Mr. Brook/bank, Lord , Sir James

Campbell, Sir Geo. Cafwall, Sir Thomas Lyttelton, Mr.

Inwen, Mr. Plummer, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Hughes, Mr.

JeJfop, Mr. Harley, Sir Nathanael , Mr. Burrell,

Mr. Alderman Child, Mr. ‘ Hucks, Mr. Crowle, Mr.

Turner, Mr. Geers, M r. Heath cote, M r. Pu/teney, Mr. Bevan,

Sir Richard Lane, Mr. Lawson, Sir John Rushout, Sir Wm. Stapleton, Mr. Wright, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Banks,

Mr. Leiven, Mr. Earle, Mr. Willoughby, and all the Members, that serve for the Counties of Worcester, Leicester, Warwick, Middlesex, and the City of London:

And they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Tradesmen, Farmers, and other Inhabitants, in and about the Town of Dudley, in the County of Worcester, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that the Act, made 5® Geo.

I"1, for making more effectual several Acts passed, for repairing and amending the Highways of this Kingdom, hath not had the good Effect thereby intended, but rather is a Prejudice to the inland Trade of this Kingdom; for that, before the making thereof, many Farmers, who had not constant Employ for their Teams, would at leisure

times

464

i6° Februarii.

A \ 1729.

BrondWheeb on Turivnkc k ©aUs.

times carry Goods from London, and other Places, for Hue, whereby they kept down the exorbitant Denfiands of common Carriers, and now the Farmers do not think it worth while to be at the Expence of altering their Wheels, as the said Act: directs; lo that Carriers advance their own Price, winch is One-thircl more in those Parts, than formerly; and, besides, the Rutts, made by the Waggon broad Wheels, are not so fate, and easy, for Coaches to cross, or travelling Horses to get over, when obliged to turn out of the Way, as those, made by the narrow Wheels, which commonly fell in of themselves,

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-frderation of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants, and Traders, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and others, inhabiting within the City of London, and Places adjacent, is referred; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of several Merchants, Factors, and Traders to Carolina, in behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that, be-

and filled up, when those, made by the broad Wheels, fore Carolina Rice was made an enumerated Commodity, remain with high Banks, and Rutts so wide, as to let in it was shipped directly to Spain and Portugal, but, since, the Horles Feet; and divers other Inconveniences, as they the Petitioners are obliged to import it into Great Britain-, conceive, have arisen by the said Act: And praying, so that, before the Market abroad can be supplied with it, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to repeal that it is frequently Spoiled, being a Grain of a tender Nature, Part of the said Act, which relates to Wheels, and the by the Length of Time, necessarily taken up by Two

Streaks and Tire thereof, or such other Relief, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants, and Traders, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and others, inhabiting within the City of London, and Places adjacent, is referred; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the Huse.

A Petition of the Traders, and Inhabitants, of the Borough of Leicester, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners are, by the Situa- tion of their Town, deprived of the Advantages, many Places enjoy by navigable Rivers, and are obliged to employ a great many Waggons; That by an Act, made 5

Voyages, neither can it arrive, before the Markets abroad are supplied by the Getteo/e, and , and other

foreign Nations; and, as the bringing it into first occcafions a double Expence, and makes it dearer at Market, and arrives there after Lent, when there is the greatest Demand for it, lb there is very little fold in those Countries, who consume as much, as all beside,

but the Trade is in the Hands of Foreigners, to the Detriment of the Eng/ish Merchants, and Planters: And praying, that Rice, of the Growth of his Majesty's Plantations in America, may be taken from among the enumerated Commodities, so far, as that they may be permitted to transport it to the Indies,

Spain, and Portugal, without touching first: in Great Britain.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Geo. lmi, all Waggons, travelling for Hire, lie under the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine

Restraint of having their Streaks, and Tire, not less than Two Inches and an half in Breadth, when worn, and are obliged to draw with no more than Six Horses in a Waggon; which, in Winter Season, hath rendered the Communication in Trade almost impracticable in the inland Parts, without an extravagant Price for the Carriage of heavy Goods, to the Decay of Trade; before which Act many Farmers, and others, used, at their leisure Times of the Year, to carry Goods for Hire to and from London, and other Places; but now, by the said Act, they are deprived of doing the fame, it not being worth their while to buy new Wheels, and Tire, as the Act directs: And praying, that the said Act may be repealed, or such other Relief given, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants, and Traders, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and others, in-

the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Burrell, Sir IVm. Milner, Mr.. Alderman Barnard, Mr. Anncjley, Mr. Towers, Sir Robert Abdy, Sir James Camp, Sir Edward -

bull, Sir John Ey/es, Mr. LawjMr. Alderman Perry,

Mr. Sevan, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Jiczvney, Mr. York, Mr. Plummer, Mr. Heath-

cottMr. Neidand, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Mr.

Goddard, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Hucks, Mr. Hurhes, Mr. Shepheard, Mr. Bowles, Mr. Sir Ellon,

Mr. Alderman Parsons, Mr. Mr. Ward-,

and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of tlye Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Merchants, trading to Spain, Portugal, (Ac. on behalf of themselves, and others, was

habiting within the City of London, and Places adjacent, presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that, is referred; and that they do examine the Matter thereof before Rice, of the Growth of , was made one

and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to of the enumerated Commodities, very great Quantities

the House.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Tradesmen, Farmers, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and others, living in, or near, the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, and Places adjacent, was presented to the House and read; letting (01th, that 5* Geo. 1"‘ an Act passed, for making more effectual the several Acts passed, for repairing

of it were yearly imported into and Portugal, info-much that the Merchants, residing the re, had great Hopes of wholly supplying those Kingdoms therewith, it being much better, than Rice brought from the Levant Seas; but, since the same has been obliged to be first brought into Great Britain, whereby not only so much Time is loft, that it cannot arrive there before but alto by the Charge of double Freight, it comes dearer to

and amending the Highways of this Kingdom, wherein Market; so that those Kingdoms are almost intirely fur-are several Clauses, relating to the Breadth of the Streaks nished with that Grain from the Levant Sea, by the Ita-and Tire of Wheels of all Waggons and Carts, travelling Hans, and other Foreigners, to the great Loss of his for Hire, and the Number of Horses drawing the lame; Majesty'sSubjects: And praying, that Rice, of the Growth which, by real'on of all Waggons and Carts, not travelling of his Majesty's Plantations in America, may be permitted for Hire, are excepted, have notanswered the good Ends to be transported directly to Spain and Portugal, without proposed thereby, but, on the contrary, have been the touching first in Great Britain.

Cause of greatly advancing the Price of Carriage of Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-Goods, and of rendering the same very lcarce, to the great sideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of Prejudice of the inland Trade of the Nation: And pray- several Merchants, Factors, and Traders to Carolina, in ing, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to explain behalf of themselves, and others, is referred; and that and amend the said Act, or such other Relief given, as they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, the House shall thidk fit. with their Opinion thereupon, to the Houic.

17 A Petition

Carrying Rice from Carolina.

3 Geo. II. 26° Febmarii. 465

Coal Trade. A Petition of the Owners, and Matters of Ships, employed in the Goal Trade, belonging to the Port of Scarborough, in behalf of themselves, and many others, whose Names are not thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; fettiqg forth, that they have laboured under great Difficulties, for many Years, which have brought such Lottes on them, that unless some speedy Relief be given them by Parliament, the Coal Trade, which is the belt Nursery for Seamen, will be utterly ruined; one of the greatest Disadvantages they conceive to arise by the arbitrary and oppressive Proceedings of the Lightermen, since their Incorporation: And praying, that the Coal Trade may be laid open, and the Market free for all buyers and Dealers in Coals, and that such proper Means may be taken, to regulate the said Trade, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine

the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House i

And it is referred to Sir , Mr.

Mr* Baron Birch, Mr. JeJfap, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Metcalfe, Mr. York, Mr. GyMr. Lazvfon, Dr. Sayer, Sir Charles Turner, Mr- Mr. Hucks, Sir John

Eyles, Mr. Shepheard, Mr Mr Mr.

Alderman Paifons, Mr. Heathcote, Mr. Hughes, Lord Per civ al, Mr. Ward, Mr. Turner, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Holland, Sir Wm Lowther, Mr. Scrape, Mr. Crowle, Mr. Brooks-hank. Lord Morpeth, Mr. Alderman Perry, Sir

Knatchbull, Mr. Wort ley, Mr. Cock burn, Mr. Hylton, Mr. Hedworth, Lord Mr.

Colonel Onslow, Mr. Barrel, Sir Thomas Frank land. Sir Hum. Howorth, Mr. Liddell, Sir Wilfrid Mr.

Vincent; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Kent, Suffolk, York, Northumberland, > and

Lincoln, and for the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several PerfoDS, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and others. Owners of Ships, employed in the Coal Trade, belonging to the Town of Whitby, in the County of York, was presented 10 the House, and read; setting forth, that for many Years they have laboured under so many Lottes and Difficulties, that, unless some Relief be granted them by Parliament, the Coal Trade, the belt Nursery for Seamen, will be utterly loft, occasioned, in some Measure, by the unfair Practices of Lightermen, since their Incorporation: And praying, that the Coal Trade may again be laid open, and such Regulations made therein, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Owners and Matters of Ships, employed in the Coal Trade, belonging to the Port of Scarborough, in behalf of themselves, and many others, whose Names are not thereunto subscribed, is referred $ and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, fnd.others, the Owners of Ships, employed in the Coal Trade, belonging to the Towns of Newcafll Sunderland, &cc. was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners are greatly fallen to Decay by the many Difficulties they have lain under for many Years, and, unless they are relieved by Parliament, must inevitably be reduced, and that Branch of the Navigation, which has always been esteemed the principal Nursery for Seamen, be exposed to certain Ruin; and tire Petitioners conceive, that many of their Difficulties have arisen, and are occasioned, by the Corporation of the Lightermen of London: And praying, that the Coal Trade may be laid open, and such other Encouragements given thereto, as the House shall think proper.

Vol. 21.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Owners and Mailers of Ships, employed in the Coal Trade, belonging to tire Port of Scarborough, in behalf of themselves,; and many others, whose Names a^e not thereunto subscribed, is referred j and that they do examine the Matter thereof and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, and other Persons, Regulating whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Proprietors and Watermen Owners of several Ferry-hoats, Row-barges, and Coal Barges, employed between Kingston Bridge., in the County of Surrey, and Wrndjor Bridge, in the County of Berks, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that by a Clause in an Act, passed last Session of Parliament, for making more effectual several Acts, relating to Watermen, Wherrymen, and Lightermen, rowing on the River of Thames, all Persons are rellFained from working in such Ferry-boats, Row-barges, and Coal Barges, aforesaid, but such, as have served Seven Years Apprenticeship to Watermen, or Lightermen: That such Persons, as work in the*Petitioners Boats, are adjudged to be within the Meaning of the said Act; which, the Petitioners apprehend, was not thereby intended; but, if it be, it will not only be very difficult, and expensive, for the Petitioners to carry on their Business, but also will advance the Price for Carriage of GoO'-'s, which will be a great Burthen on his Majesty's Subjects: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for explaining the said Clause, or that the Petitioners may be other-ways relieved, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee} and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Vincent, Mr. Laroche, Mr.

Whitworth, Mr. Williams, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Bowes,

Mr. Reynell, Mr. j Sevan, Mr. Duncamb, Mr. Burr el,

Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Hedworth, Mr. Wither, Mr. Shepheard,

Mr. Orlebar, Mr. Hucks, Sir Tho. Hales, Sir Milner, Mr. York, Sir Wm. Yonge, Mr. , Colonel Onslow, Mr. Hughes, Sir John Norris, Mr. Huxley,

Mr. Gybbon, Sir Wm.St. Quintin, Mr. Lxjler, Lord Morpeth, Mr. St. John, Mr. Bertie, Mr. , Mr.

Sandys, Mr. Bramston, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Turner,

Mr. Newland, Mr. Heathcote, Sir John Barrington, Sir Edward Knatchbull, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Holland, Mr. Alderman Barnard , and all the Members that lei ve for the Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Berks, and for the

City of London -, and all that come, are to have Voices:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamocr; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Ruth Trench, Widow, the only afling Skerrys

Executrix, and a Legatee, of William Trench, Esquire, Light-house, deceased, Edward Riggs, Esquire, Walter Morgan Clerk, A. M. on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Creditors of the said William Trench, and also of Sutton Morgan, Clerk, A. M. and Anne his Wife,

Heirs at Law to, and residuary Legatees under the last Will and Testament of, the said William Trench, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, that the Duties granted for the Maintenance of a Light house, built by the said William Trench in his Life time, at his very great Expence, on the dangerous Rock, or Island, called the Skerrys, near Holyhead, in the County of -glefea, whereon many Ships had before perished, do greatly fall short to defray the Expence of the said Light-house, and pay the Rent of £. 5. per Annum, reiei ved to the Crown by the Letters Patents for building the lame, in which there are also some Defeats: And, in regard the said William Trench, and his Family, have suffi-red very much in the said Undertaking, greatly useful and beneficial to Trade and Navigation in general, the Petitioners hope, the said Rent to the Crown may be re-

6 B mitted;

466 26° — 2 7° F 1729.

mitted; and pray such further Relief in the Premises, as the House shall think fit.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, that this same had been humbly represented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint the House, that his Majesty gives his Consent, that this House may do therein, as they think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the feme, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Yonge, Mr. Huxley, Mr. Gybbon, Sir Thomas SaunderfMr. Earle, Lord Archibald

Hamilton, Lord Perchal, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Metcalfe, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Barrel, Sir Edward Knatchbull, Mr.

Lockyer, Sir James Campbell Mr. Trelawny, Mr. Plummer,

Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. Whitworth, Sir Wm.

land, Mr. Rowney, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Duncomb, Sir Geo. Cafwall, Sir Charles Wager, Sir Wm, St. Quintin, Mr. Hales, Sir Wilfrid Lawson, Colonel Bladen, Mr. Pearfe, Mr. Brooksbank, Mr. Campbell, Lord Morpeth, Sir Tho. Hales, Mr. Sir John

Norris, Mr. Winning ton, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. j Sevan, Mr. Conduitt, Sir John Eyles, Mr. Bowles, Mr. Cary, Lord Gage, Sir Nicholas Williams, Sir John Hind Cotton-, and all the Members, that lerve/or the Principality of Wales, the Counties of Northumberland, Cumberland, and Durham; and all, that come, are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Skerry* A Petition of the Merchants, Owners and Commanders Light-house. of Ships, belonging to the City of London, in behalf of themselves, and others, trading from hence to Dublin, Chester, Liverpool, and the other Ports of Great Britain and Ireland, in the Northern Part of St. George's Channel, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Light-house, erected upon the dangerous Rock of Skerrys, near Holyhead, between England and Ireland, is of such Service to Navigation in general, that, not only his Majesty's Pacquet Boats, and Ships of War, but all Merchant Ships, receive vast Benefit thereby; yet the Petitioners conceive, the said Light-house cannot be any longer supported, without the Assistance of Parliament, by reason that many Ships, passing by the said Light-house, refuse to pay the Tonnage allotted by Patent, though they receive equal Benefit thereby with the Petitioners, who always paid the Tonnage with pleasure: And praying, that, for the Preservation of his Majesty's Subjects, trading between Great Britain and Ireland, the Encouragement of Commerce, and Increase of his Majesty's Revenues, Provision may be made, for supporting and maintaining the said Light-house.

Ordered, That the mid Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of Ruth Trench, Widow, the only acting Executrix, and a Legatee, of Wm. Trench, Esquire, deceased, Edward Riggs, Esquire, Walter Morgan, Clerk, M. on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Creditors of the said William Trench, and also of Sutton Morgan, Clerk, A. M. and Anne, his Wife, Heirs at Law to, and residuary Legatees under the last Will and Testament of, the said Wm. Trench, is referred; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

State of the Ordered, That Captain John do, Tomorrow

Nation. Morning, attend the Committee of the whole House, who are toconlider further of the State of the Nation.

East India A Petition, and Proposal, of several Merchants,

Company. Traders, and other Persons, in behalf of themselves, and others, the Subjects of Great Britain, was presented to the House, and read; offering to advance Three Millions Two hundred thousand Pounds, to redeem the Fund, and Trade, of the present East India Company, the Petitioners conceiving both to be redeemable, the said Money to be advanced at Five several Payments on or before the 25th of March *733, at an Interest of Four per. Cent, from the Times of Payment, till the 2 jth of March 1735, and Two per Cent.afterwards; provided, the Lenders may be incorporated, and veiled with the whole Trade to the East Indies, and elsewhere, in the same extensive Degree, as is granted to the present Company; yet (b, as not to trade with their joint Stock, or in a corporate Capacity, but the Trade to be open to all his Majesty's Subjects, upon Licence from such proposed new Company, to be granted to all his Majesty's Subjects de-firing the fame, on proper Terms and Conditions; and provided, the Trade be exercised to and from the Port of London only; and to be subject to Redemption at any time,.upon Three Years Notice, after a Term of Thirty-one Years, and Repayment of the Principal: And praying, that the Premises may be taken into Consideration, and such Determination made thereupon, as to this House may seem meet.

And the House being moved, That the following Acts of Parliament, relating to the East India Company, might be read; viz.

90 et 10° Willielmi 3'11, Cap. 44. S. 56. 61. 79. 81.

6* Anna, Cap. 17. 10° Anna, Cap. 28.;

The said Acts were read accordingly.

And the Question being put. That the said Petition be rejected;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

- mss:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Merits of the Election for the Bo- Beaumaris rough of Beaumaris, in the County of Anglesey, be heard E*e^lon-at the Bar of this House upon Tuefd Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the dock.

Veneris, 27 0 die Februarii;

Anno 3* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1729.

Prayers.

A PETITION of Jane Elizabeth Tyrrell was pre- Tyrrell fented to the House, and read; setting forth, that Nat. the Petitioner was born out of his Majesty's Allegiance, but is a Protestant, and has given good Proof of her Fidelity to his Majesty, and the Good of Great Britain:

And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for her Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Sir Charles Turner and Mr. Tyrrell do prepare, and bring in, the feme.

A Petition of Nicholas Lewis Well was presented to Well's the House, and read; setting forth, that he was born out of his Majesty's Allegiance, is a Protestant, and has given good Proof of his Loyalty to his Majesty, and this Kingdom: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Orlebar and Mr. Metcalfe do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Manufacturers, Shopkeepers, Traders, Hawkers «ti and other Inhabitants, in and about the Market Town of Pc<u"v Leeke, in the County of Stafford, whole Names are thereunto subscribed; and also,

A Petition of the Shopkeepers, and Manufacturers, of the Borough of Stafford, in the County of Stafford, on the

Hertford Bridge I Roads.

l

3 Geo. II. 27° Februarii. 407

the behalf of themselves, and others, the Shopkeepers, and Manufacturers, of this Kingdom; and also,

A Petition of the Manufacturers, and Shopkeepers, in the City of Canterbury; and also,

A Petition of the Shopkeepers, and Tradesmen, of Chelmsford, in behalf of themselves, and others in the adjacent Towns and Villages; and also,

A Petition of the Tradesmen, Shopkeepers, and Manufacturers, Inhabitants of the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick; and also,

A Petition of the Tradesmen, and Inhabitants, of the ancient Borough of Leicester;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; complaining of great Decays in their Trades, occasioned by the clandestine Trade and Dealing, carried on by Hawkers, Pedlars, and petty Chapmen; and praying, that they may be suppressed, or such other Relief given against them, as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of fifveral of the Inhabitants of the Borough of Stockbridge, in the County of and other

Persons, living in, or near, and travelling through the Road, leading from Hertford in the said County,

through Sutton, and the said Borough of , to

the Brandy Hut, near to the Meeting of the said Couoty of Southampton, and County of , in the Road to the

City of Saiifbury, was presented to the House, and read;

setting forth, that the said Road, being about 32 Miles in Length, is the only Road for Coaches, Waggons, and other Carriages* travelling trom London into the Western Parts of this Kingdom; and, by reason of the Deepnels of the Soil, is become so ruinous, that it is difficult, and dangerous, for Passengers topafs through the same in the Winter Sealon, and cannot be repaired, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of the Laws appointed for that Purpose: And praying, that some further Provision may be made, for repairing and amending the said Roads.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, living in, and near the Towns of Whitchurch, Andover, and the several Parishes of Worten, Dean, Overton, Lave,

born Priors, Little Aum, and Wallop, whose Hands are

thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, living near, and travelling through, the Road leading from Hertford Bridge, in the County of Southampton to the Meeting of the Counties of Southampton and Wills, near to a Place, called Lobcock's Corner, being Part of the great Poll Road from the City of London to the Land's End, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, are referred; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, living in, near, and travelling through, the Road, leading from the Town of Bafngstoke to Sutton, in the County of Southampton, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the said Road, being Part of the great Road, leading to several trading Towns in the West of England, by reason of the many heavy Carriages going through the feme, is become so very ruinous, that Passengers cannot pass and repass in Winter; and the Inhabitants of the several Parishes, wherein those Roads lie, are not able, by the Laws in being, to repair them, without some other Provision be made for that Purpose: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the said Road.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, living in, and near, the Towns of Whitchurch, Andover, and the several Parishes of Worten, Dean, Overton, Laverjlock, Whitchurch, born Priors, Little Aum, and Wallop, whose Hands Vol. 21.

are thereunto subscribed, and also the Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, living near, and travelling through, the Road leading from Hertford Bridge, in the County of Southampton, to the Meeting of the Counties of Southampton and Wilts, near to a Place, called Lobcock's Corner, being Part of the great Poll Road from the City of London to the Land's End, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, are referred; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens, of the City of Hereford, in Common*council assembled, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that 1 z* Geo. 1"‘ an Act passed, for repairing and

widening the Road from the City of Gloucester to the City oi-Hereford; but no Provision is therein made for repairing any other Ro ds, leading to and from Hereford, than such only, as lead from Gloucester to Hereford, t hough several Roads on all Sides of Hereford are now become ruinous, and dangerous to Passengers, by reason of the deep Soil, and the many heavy Loads almost constantly drawn through the fame, which cannot be amended by the Laws now in force, for repairing the Roads of this Kingdom: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Roads leading into the City of Hereford, in such Manner, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Geers, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Mr. Newland, Sir Edward Knatchbull, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Bramston, Mr. Ha, Sir Richard Lane, Mr.

Cartwright, Sir John Rushout, Sir Jermyn Duvers, Sii Charles Turner. Mr. Alderman Child, Mr.

Sir Michael Newton, Mr. Plummer, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Wyndham, Mr. Ashe, M-. Whitworth, Mr. Treby, Mr. St. John, Mr. Lyjier, General Sabine, Sir Wm. Morgan, Mr. Annesley, Mr. Plumptre, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Metcalfe, Mr. Brooksbank, Sir Tho. Sebright, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir Tho. Clark; and all the Membe.s, that serve for the Counties of Hereford, Gloucester, Worcester, Salop, and for South Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers* and Records.

A Petition of several Justices of Peace, Gentlemen, and Freeholders, of the County of Hereford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the City of Gloucester to the City of Hereford; but no Provision is made therein for repairing any Roads, leading to and from the City of Hereford, other than such only, as lead from the City of Gloucester to that City: That the several Roads on all Sides the City of Hereford are now become ruinous, founderous, and dangerous to PafiTengers, and cannot be sufficiently amended by the Laws now in force: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the said Roads leading into the City of in such

Manner, as this House shall think fir.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens, of the City of Hereford, in Common-council assembled, is referred; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the feme, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

My Annesley presented to the House (according to Order) a Bill for veiling the Estate of Richard, late Earl of Ranelagh, in the Counties of Middlesex, and Berks, in Trustees, to be sold, for the Uses therein mentioned; and the feme was received.

A Bill for making the Hamlet of Limehouse, and Part of the Hamlet of Ratcliffe, in the Parish of Saint

Dunstan,

Hereford

Roads.

Earl of Ranelagh'* Lillie.

Limsh'Hife

Parish.

4.68

17* Febru

A.

1729.

Dunstan, Stebouheath, alias Stepney, in the County of Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to give Di-Middlesex, a diilinft Parish, and for providing a Main- reftions to the proper Officers, to lay before this House,

an Estimate of what may be necessary lor repairing and rebuilding his Majesty's Ships, and for the Repairs of his Majesty's Docks, for the Year 1730.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Election fop the Borough of Great Marlow, in the County of Bucks, be received upon this Day Sevennight.

A Petition of the Merchants, Owners and Commanders of Ships, belonging to the City of , in behalf Light-hoofe.

of themselves, and others, trading to , and other

h

tenance for the Minister of the new Church there, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved', That the Bill be committed to a Committee of- the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Seven- Majesty's most honourable Privy Council, night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, to oblige the Inhabitants of Limehouse to pay towards repairing the Highways after the making of the said new Parish, as they did before.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, for making Provision for the Parish Clerk of Saint Dunstan foreign and domestic Ports, was presented to the House, Stebouheath, alias Stepney, in lieu of his Dues. and read; alleging, that the Light-house, erected upon

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- the dangerous Rock, called the Skerries, near Holyhead, mittee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, for in the Channel between Great Britain and Ireland, is of qualifying the Inhabitants of that Part of the Hamlet of great Use and Service to Navigation in general; but can-Ratcliffe, which is intended to be made Part of the new not be longer supported, as they apprehend, without the Parish, to be of the Vestry of the said Parish. Aid of Parliament, the Duties for maintaining the fame,

not answering the Expence thereof: And therefore, for Locks and A Petition of divers Persons, concerned in the Woollen the Preservation of his Majesty's Subjects, trading be-

Wears on the Manufacture, living in, and near, Cirencester, in the tween Great Britain and Ireland, the Encouragement of County of Gloucester, was presented to the House, and Commerce, and the Increase of his Majesty's Revenues, read; setting forth, that the passing of an Act of Parlia- the Petitioners pray the House to take the Premises into ment, for preventing the great Abuses, committed by the Conilderation, and to grant such Relief therein, as shall Proprietors, of Under Tenants, of Locks, Wears, and be thought necessary, for the supporting and maintaining Towing-paths, upon the Rivers Thames and IJis, and for so useful and beneficial a Light to Perpetuity, settling the Rates for Water Carriage of Goods, will not Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-only tend to redress the said Abuses, but very much sideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of encourage the Woollen Manufacture, and promote Trade Ruth Trench, Widow, the only acting Executrix, and a and Commerce in general: And praying, that the Bill, Legatee, of William Trench, Esquire, deceased, Edward depending before this House, for reviving, and amend- Riggs, Esquire, Walter Morgan, Clerk, A. M. on behalf ing, an Act, made in the Sixth and Seventh Years of the of themselves, and the rest of the Creditors of the said Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, in- William Trench, and also of Sutton Morgan, Clerk, A. M, tituled, " An Act to prevent Exactions of the Occupiers and Anne, his Wife, Heirs at Law to, and refi iuary Leof Locks and Wears upon the River Thames West- gatees under the last Will and Testament of, the said " ward, and for ascertaining the Rates of Water Carriage William Trench, is referred; and that they do examine " upon the said River," may pals. the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the to them, to the House.

Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Great

Marlow

Election.

Skerries

v;ti

U

jaK

1

ji

l!

ib

lit

Jt

Thames.

Crackicy Bank and Shrewsbury Road.

Mr. Lyfierpresented to the House (according to Order)

a Bill for making more effectual an Act, passed in the

A Petition of James Gambier, Warden of the Fleet Prison, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Sum of Two thousand Five hundred

Warden of the Fleet Prison.

Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Pounds was agreed by him to be paid to Dowgall George the First, for repairing the Roads, therein men- Esquire, for surrendering his Patent of the said Office tioned, between Crackley Bank, in the Parish of IJdall, for Life, and the Petitioner^ accepting a Grant thereof, alias Shifnall, and the Town of Shrewsbury, in the during pleasure, to the end the said Office might be County of Salop; and the fejne was received, and read immediately put under such Regulations, as were proposed

the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Coal Trade. A Petition of several Persons, keeping Wharfs, and dealing in Coals and other Goods, in the Cities of London and Westminster, and Parts adjacent, in behalf of them-

in the House the last Session; when it was also proposed, that all future Wardens should hold only during good Behaviour, and be removable upon the Address of either House of Parliament: And praying such Relief, as the House shall think fit.

Mr.Chancellorof the Exchequer acquainted the House,

(elves, and many others, was presented to the House, that this same had been humbly represented to his Ma-

x :c I!

Repairing, fee. Ships.

and read; complaining of great Inconveniences, arising from the exclusive Privileges, granted to the Lightermen, upon their being incorporated into the Watermens Company by an Act, of the nth and iath of King William the Third, and of Abuses, which have ensued in the said Trade by the false Admeasurement of Coals; and praying such Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Conilderation of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Owners and Matters of Ships, employed in the Coal Trade belonging to the Port of Scarborough, in behalf of themselves, and many others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his

a3

jetty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint the House, that his Majesty gives his Consent, that this House may do therein, as they think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, appointed to enquire into the State of the Gaols of this Kingdom; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the feme, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Northauptoa others, living near, and travelling through, the Road lead* Road, ing from the West Bridge, in the Town of Northampton, to the Blue Boar Inn, about a Mile beyond in the County of Warwick, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the said Road is very ruinous and bad, and cannot be effectually amended, without some further Prq-

vision

Li

i!

1

y.

t-

2

b

h

,.n

C.t

, L/

r.

:;l

‘i

p

3 Geo. II. 270 — a8e 4691.

vision be made for that Purpose: And praying, that know his Majesty's Pleasure, when he will be attended Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the by this House.

said Road, as this House shall think fit. Mr. allb acquainted the House, that he wai

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con- directed by the Committee to move, that they may have sideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Leave to lit again.

Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to Resolved, That this House will, upon Seven-

them, to the House; night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

And it is referred to Mr. Compton, Mr. Watkyn Wil- to consider further of the State of the Nation.

Hams Wynn, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Scawen, Mr. Cafar,

Mr. Martin, Sir Robert Abdy, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Geers, The other Orders of the Day being read;

Mr. Orlebar, Mr. Harley, Mr. Campbell, Sir Tho. Resolved, That this House will, upon Supply.

Sebright, Mr. Brooksbank, Mr. Metcalfe, Mr. Bacon, Lord Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Micklethwaite, Mr. Williams, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Choi- whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted

mondeley. Sir John Dutton, Lord Chetwynd, Mr. Huxley, to his Majesty.

Sir Refer Meredith, Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Chet-

wynd. Sir Wm. Barker, Sir Roger Ashley, Mr., Myddelton, And then the House, having continued to fit till Mr. Polbill, Sir Edward Knatchbull, Sir Ybo. Lee, Mr. Saturday Morning, Three of the Clock, adjourned

Gybbon, Mr. Lacon Child, Mr. Ajlie; and all the Mem- till Eleven of the Clock, the same Morning.

bers, that serve for the Counties of Northampton and War- __________ '__________

wick: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power Seth bat if 28° die Februarii my

to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Anno 3* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1729.

State of The Order of the Day being read, for the House to iheNuion. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Prayers.

to consider further of the State of the Nation. \ PETITION of the Merchants, and Traders, of Regulating

Ordered, That the Copies of the several Papers, and FjL the City of Bristol, was presented to the House, and Proceedings had, in regard to the Port and Harbour of read; complaining of great Inconveniencies in their n °' Dunkirk, since the Demolition thereof, and the Copy of Trade, occasioned by unskilful Persons acting as Brokers the Triple Alliance between his late Majesty, the most in the said City; and praying, that the Brokers in that Christian Ring, and the States General, concluded at the City may be put under the same Regulations, as those in Hague, January the 4th 1717, and Translation, presented London, or the Petitioners be otherwise relieved, in l'uch to this House the Nineteenth Day of this Instant Manner, as the House shall think fit.

February, pursuant to their AddrefiTes to his Majesty, be Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-referred to the said Committee. sideration of a Committee; and that they do examine

Ordered, That the Copies of the several Papers, relating the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their to the Port and Harbour of Dunkirk, presented to this Opinion thereupon, to the House:

House the Twenty-third Day of this instant February, by And it is referred to Mr. Fane, Sir Richard Lane, Mr. his Majesty's Commands, be referred to the said Metcalfe, Mr. Fortescue, Mr. Lyf.er, Mr. Geers, Sir Ed-Committee. mund Bacon, Mr. Williams, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Jacomb,

Ordered, That the Copies of the several Papers, relating Mr. Hacks, Mr. Moor, Mr Mr. Plummer, Mr,

to the Port and Harbour of Dunkirk, presented to this Scrope, Mr. Moreton, Sir A bra. Elton, Mr. Cro/s, Mr.

House the Twenty-fourth Day of this instant February, Mr. Wat kin Williams Sir Nicholas -

pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, be referred to Hams, Sir Roger Meredith, Sir Archer Croft, Mr. Gybbon, the said Committee. Mr. Vincent, Mr. Mr. St. Shdntin; and all the

Ordered, That the Copy of the Treaty of Utrecht, and Members, that serve for the Counties of Somerset and Translation, be referred to the said Committee. Gloucester: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five

Then the House resolved itself into the said of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Committee. Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Edgcumbe took the Chair of the Committee. A Petition of several Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Chatham

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. Land-owners, Freeholders, Farmers, and Occupiers of

Mr. Edgcumbe reported from the Committee, that the Lands and Inhabitants, of the several Parishes of Eafi Committee had directed him to make a Motion. Greenwich, Lewifham, Charleton, Elibam, Woolwich,

And he moved the House accordingly. , East Wickham, Bexley, Crayford, Dertford,

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Swanfcomb, and Northfleet, in the County of Kent,

Majesty, to return him the Thanks of this House, for his and others, passing, repassing, and using the great Road,

Majesty's early Care and Attention for the Interest of leading directly from London towards Rochester, Canter-this Nation, in causing proper Application to be made bury, and Dover, was presented to the House, and read; to the Court of France, not only for putting a Stop to the setting forth, that by an Act 10® Anna, a Toll is granted.

Works carrying on, but for demolishing such, as had been for repairing the Road from Northfleet to Rochester 5 and made, by the Inhabitants at Dunkirk, for repairing the by a subsequent Act, 11° Geo. I"1, the same is explained.

Port and Chanel there; and to express our Satisfaction and £. 100. per Annum granted, for repairing the great in the good Effects, which his Majesty's Instances have Road between Chatham and Boughton Street under B/ean, had, by obtaining express Orders from the most Chris- com' Kent; and by an Act 6® I"1, a Toll is granted,

tian King, for causing to be destroyed all the Wotks, that for repairing the Road from the End of Kent-Street to the may have been erected at Dunkirk, contrary to the Lime Kilns in East Greenwich: That the Petitioners con-Treaties of Utrecht and the Hague, and our Reliance upon tribute to both the said Tolls, yet have no Benefit within their being faithfully executed; and further to declare the Districts thereof; and yet the said Roads arc (b our Satisfaction in the firm Union, and mutual Fidelity, narrow in many Places, and so out of Repair, that the which so happily subsist, and arc so strictly preserved, Petitioners are incapable of preserving and keeping the between the Two Crowns. feme in sufficient Repair; and there is now a Petition in

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to his this House, praying Leave to bring in a Bill to erect Majesty by the whole House. new Turnpike, for repairing so much of the

Ordered, That such Members of this House, as are of said Road, for which the f. ico. per Anttum wis ap.-ro-his Majesty's most honourable Privy Council, do humbly priated: The Petitioners therefore pray, that Provision may Vol. 21. 6 C be

;T-

47°

a 8° Febru

A. 1739.

Hair ker§ and Pcdlan.

trryin^ Rice from Carolina.

The King appoints to be

Remifilon of Duty on damaged Salt.

be made in the Bill, whereby the said £. too. per Annum, to his Warehouses great Quantities of Rock Salt, and, for given towards repairing the Road from Chatham to Bough- the Duty, entered into Bonds for £. 161. which Bonds ton under Bitan, may be given towards repairing, widen- were lodged with the Collector of: That in

ing, and amending the said great Road between the said 1724,therehappenedthe greatell Flood upon the

Lime Kilns at East Greenwich to Northfleet aforesaid. River Mercy, that ever was known, whereby all the Rock Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con- Salt in the Warehouses was destroyed, to the great Lois sideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of his of the said Matthew Page: That there is Provision made in Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Kent, at several Acts, for remitting, or making Satisfaction for the their General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, holden at the Duty to the Owners of such Salt, as shall be loft at Sea, old Castle of Canterbury, in and for the Eastern Parts of and Mr. Page applied to the Collector at Norlhwych to the said County of Kent, on Tuesday, the Fourteenth Day have his Bonds delivered up; he declared, he could not of January, Anno Domini 1728, and of the Grand Jury deliver them up without a proper Authority, though he of the same Sessions, and of the several Inhabitants of the was fully satisfied with the Truth of the same; which Parish of Chatham, and several other Parishes, and allb being not within the Letter, though, as the Petitioner the Petitions from several other Places in the said County, conceives, within the Intent, of the said Acts, the Peti-are referred; and that they do examine the Matter tioner cannot be relieved, but by the Aid of Parliament.: thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, And praying the Relief of the House in the Premises. to the House. Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-

I sideration of a Committee; and that they do examine

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, of the Matter thereof and report the fame, as it shall appear the Borough and Town of Taunton, in the County of to them, to the House:

Somerset, and of the Mercers, Linen-drapers, and Shop- 1 And it is referred to Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr. Lyster, keepers, and other principal Inhabitants, of the said Mr Mr. Vincent, Mr. Gould, Sir Richard Lane,

Borough and Town, was presented to the House, and Colonel Read, Mr. Mr. , Mr. Vernon,

read; complaining of great Decays in their Trades, Sir Nicholas Williams, Mr. Hucks, Mr. Cross, Mr. occasioned by the clandestine Trade and Dealings, carried nington, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Sir Archer Croft,

on by Hawkers, Pedlars, and petty Chapmen; and praying, Mr. Mr. Williams, Mr. Fane, Mr. Plum-

that they may be suppressed, or such other Relief given mer, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Dunbar, Mr. Moor, Mr.

against them, as to the House shall seem meet. Mr. Fortescue, Mr. Bond, Mr. Gyhbon, Mr. Ashe, Sir

Ordered \That the said Petition do lie upon the Table. Abra. Elton, Mr. Watkin Williams; and all the

Members that serve for the Counties of Chester and Land's Petition of several Merchants of the City of Bristol, caster: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of on the behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power the House, and read; setting forth, that by the Enume- to fend for Persons, Papers and Records, ration of Rice, great Quantities thereof are hindered from

its Importation into Spain and Portugal, the Markets there A Petition of the Merchants, Owners and Commanders Skem« being mostly supplied with it by Italians, and other of Ships, belonging to the Town of Beaumaris, in behalf Lijht-house, Foreigners, by reason of the Length of Time our Rice of themselves and others, trading to Ireland, and other from Carolina takes in bringing first home, and then foreign and domestick Ports, was presented to the House, exporting it to Spain and Portugal, when the Lent Season and read; alleging, that the Light-house, erected upon-is over, it being then worm-eaten and weave!, which the dangerous Rock called the Skerries, near Holy-head, otherwise would be preferable to any other, and now is in the Chanel between Great Britain and Ireland, is of a great Lois to the Merchants, and the British Nation: great Use and Service to Navigation in general; but can-And praying, that Leave maybe given to carry Rice not be longer supported, as they apprehend, without the directly to Spain and Portugal from his Majesty's Planta- Aid of Parliament, the Duties, for maintaining the lame, tions in America, being of that Growth, under such not answering the Expence thereof: And therefore, for

the Preservation his Majesty'sSubjedts, trading between Great Britain and Ireland, the Encouragement of Commerce, and the Increase of his Majesty's Revenues, the Petitioners pray the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant such Relief therein, as shall be thought necessary, for the supporting and maintaininglb useful and beneficial a Light to Perpetuity.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of Ruth Trench, Widow, and others, and also the Petition Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reported to the of the Merchants, Owners and Commanders of Ships,

House, that his Majesty having been waited upon, pur- belonging to the City of London, trading from thence to suant to their Order, humbly to know, when he would Dublin, Chester, Liverpoole, and other Places, are referred; please to be attended by this House; his Majesty had and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report been pleased to appoint Tuesday next, at Half an Hour the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House. after Twelve of the Clock, at his Palace of St. James.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do shipt A Petition of Matthew Lyon, Executor of the last Will lay before this House, a List of the Names of all Ships trying from and Testament of Matthew Page, late of Warrington, in from Dunkirk, with the Tonage thereof respectively, the D*nkirk-rhe County of Lancaster, Merchant, deceased, was pre- Masters Names, and the Times when they made their fented to the House, and read; setting forth, that Mat- Reports at the Custom-house, for three Years, ending at thew Page was in his Life-time possessed of Rock Salt Christmas last.

Ordered, That the proper Officers do Jay before this im-House, an Account of the Quantities of Brandies, imported from Dunkirk to the Port of London, for three Years ending at Christmas last, distinguishing each Year, and under what Denomination of Brandy the Duties were paid for the same relpefhVcly.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do Cambricu

Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants, Factors, and Trade A, to Carolina, in behalf of themselves and others, and also the Petition of several Merchants, trading to Spain, Portugal, Sec. on behalf of themselves, and others, are referred; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

I:

ri

li

h

P

ctl

CO

Ire

If

|lff

Pits at Norlhwych, com* Chester, and lodged great Quan-

tities thereof in Warehouses ac Banc key, com' Lancaster, for Conveniency of Trade: That by Act of Parliament, for laying Duties upon Salt, Bond is to be given for securing the Duty; which Bonds are to be delivered up, and new Bonds given for the same Duty, on producing Certificates from the Officer, that the Rock Salt, lb lodged1, was shipped for Exportation: That in the Year

*7*4.

Dunkirk,

the said Matthew Page sent from his Salt Pits lay before this House, an Account of the Number of ^ned

Pieces,

3 Geo. II. 28" Febmarii.

47*

Pieces, and half Pieces of Cambricks, imported from are to consider further of the Supply granted to his Dunkirk into the Port of London, for Three Years, Majesty. ending at Christmas last, distinguishing each Year, and

under whar Denomination of Cambricks the Duties were A Message from the Lords by Mr. Burroughs and paid for the same respectively. Mr. Allen:

Mr. Speaker,

Eiporution A Petition of the Clothworkers, Drugget and Stuff The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Horninghold of Wool. Makers, in the City of Bristol, and of the Hundred of inclosing and dividing the common Fields, and common Inclosure. Barton Regis, in the County of Gloucester, and of Bed- Grounds, in the Parish of Horninghold, in the County of minster, Kynsham, Clieiv, and Pensford, in the County of Leicester; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence

Somerset, in behalf of themselves, and many Thousand of this House: And also; others in the said Counties, was presented to the House, The Lords do desire, this House will give Leave, that Lords desire and read; complaining of a great Decay in their Trade, Samuel Shepheard, Esquire, a Member of this House, may ,rave for a and Increase of their Poor, occasioned, as they conceive, attend their Lord ships, in order to be examined as a Wit-by umVrought Wool being lent out of this Kingdom, and nefsupon the Bill, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Mar-from Ireland, into the neighbouring Nations; and pray- riage of James , Esquire, with RachaelEJtwick, and ing the same may be more effectually hindered, and that to enable him to marry again, and to illegitimate the . Woollen and Bay-yarn may be imported Duty-free into spurious Child, that has been born of her since her Separa-this Kingdom, or that such other Relief may be given in tion, and any other Child, which shall be born of her, the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet. , and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upoa the Table. And then the Messengers withdrew-

Ordered, That the Messengers be called in again, and Suit Spring A Pet ition of John Lewis, Richard Percy, William acquainted, that this House- will fend an Anfvyer by

iiDroitwich. Hodson, John Foote, Matthew Langley, Clement Bellamy, Messengers of their own, to that Part of their Lordships Richard Lane, junior, William Hodson, Edward Price, Message, by which their Lordships-do desire, this House Nathanael Majon, Robert Gary; William Bury, and Ed- will give Leave, that Samuel Shepheard, E(c\\x\re, a Mem- '

»und Stevens, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on ber of this House, may attend their Lordships, in order behalf of themselves, and several other Merchants, and to be examined as a Witness upon the Bill, intituled, An Proprietors of a Salt Brine Spring and Pit, at Droitwich, Act to dissolve the Mai riage of James Jenyns, Esquire, in the County of Worcester, was presented to the House, with Rachael EJiwick, and to enable him to marry again, and read; alleging, that the said Spring, and Pit, abounds and to illegitimate the spurious Child, that has been born with such great Plenty of Salt Brine, that it runs over the of her since her Separation, and any other Child, which Surface of the Earth to waste, and is of such Strength, that shall be born of her, and for other Purposes therein it excels the Brine found in foreign Parts, and makes the mentioned.

best Sort of white Salt, which might be exported greatly And the Messengers were called in again, and Mr. to the Advantage of the Publick, were the Charges of Speaker acquainted them therewith, carrying Coal, to boil the Brine into Salt, and in carrying

the Salt to the River, and thelnconveniencies of such Car- A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are sub- Duty on

riage, avoided, by which Means the Wealth and Naviga- feribed. Merchants, and Matters of Ships, in the Port of Soap-ualte.

tion of this Kingdom would be increased, arid his Majesty's Lion the behalf of themselves, and many others.

Revenues greatly advanced: And therefore praying, that was presented to the House, and read,; setting forth, that

Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to impower the in their trading to Ireland they had formerly frequent

present Proprietors of the said Brine Spring, and such Opportunities of loading back with Soap-waste, for Ballast,

others, as shall think fit to become Sharers therein, to to their considerable Advantage; which they have loft, for

convey, ^t their own Cost and Charge, their said Brine the most Part, by reason of the Duty laid thereon, and from the said Pit at Droitwich, to either Side of the River are obliged to be at the Charge of other Ballast from

Severn, in Pipes, or other convenient Vesseles or Paf- . thence, to their great Prejudice, and the Discouragement

sages, through the several Highways, Lanes, Commons, of Navigation: And therefore praying, that they may be

Waterings, and waste Grounds, that are situate or lying allowed to have the said Soap-waste, for the Encourage-

between the said Pit and River, near to the City of ment of Navigation, as formerly, clear of the Duty.

Worcester, upon their making reasonable Satisfaction for Ordered, That the said Petition be rejected. any Damages, that maybe occasioned thereby; and that such other Relief and Encouragement may be granted to A Petition of the Lord of the Manor of Flecknoe, and fleckaoe the said Proprietors, as to this House shall seem meet. of the Impropriator, and Freeholders, and Proprietors of Incl°sure-Ordered, That the said Petition be rejected. Lands, in the open and common Fields of Flecknoe aforesaid, in the County of Warwick, was presented to the Half-pay A Petition of many of the unfortunate Widows of those House, and read; setting forth, that the Freeholders

Officers Officers, who served in the late War, and are since dead Estates in the said common Fields have for several Years 1 #w5‘ on the English Establishment of Half-pay, in behalf of past suffered very great Losses, by the rotting of their themselves and many others, was presented to the House, Sheep, bad Crops of Corn, Trespasses, and other Incon-and read* setting forth, that his late Majesty did allow venicnciesj and the several Proprietors are desirous to the Pay of Two Men per Diem out of every Troop and indole the lame: And praying, that Leave may be given Company, as a Fund, upon which Pensions should be to bring in a Bill for inclosing and dividing the open and appointed, for the Support of the Widows of such Officers, common Fields of Flecknoe aforesaid, according to every as died in whole Pay; to which Pension the Widows of Person's Right in the lame.

Officers in Halt-pay are not entitled, who are equal, if That the said Petition be referred to the Con-

not greater, Objects of Compassion; and they, and their sideration ot a Committee; and that they do examine the Families, must inevitably perish, without the Assistance of Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to this House: And praying such Relief therein, as the them, to the House:

House shall think fit. And it is referred to Mr. , Mr. JeJfop, Mr.

Mr. Chancellorof the Exchequeracquainted the House, Digby, Mr. , Mr. Vane, Mr. Vernon, Sir Wm.

that this same had been humbly reprefeoted to his Stapleton, Mr. Scrope, Lord Gage, Mr. Mr.

Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to Lyjler, Mr. Selwyn, Sir Richard Lane, Mr. acquaint this House, that his Majesty gives his Consent, Mr. Watkyn Williams Wynn, Mr. , Mr. Whitworth, that the House may do therein, as they shall think fit. Mr. Drummond, Sir Francis , Mr. Douglas, Mr.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con- Bowes, Sir Roger , Mr. Fane, Mr.

sideration of the Committee of the whole House, who Mr. Bold, Mr. Legh Mafier Mr. Walpole, Mr.

Vot.21. Mr.

0

Broad Wheels on Turnpike Roads.

Bankrupts

Certificates.

Cambridge, fee. Roadi.

47 2 28°

Mr. Talbot, Mr. Vincent, Sir Tho. Sebright; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Warwick and Northampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Master, Wardens, ^Searchers, and Assistants, of Cutlers in Hallamshire, and also the Freeholders, Dealers, Traders, and Artificers, of the antient Town of Sheffield, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of Inconveniencies, and the great Increafeof the Price of Land Carriage of Goods, arising from the Act, of the Fifth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, which restrains the Number of Horses, drawing Carts travelling for Hire; and praying' such Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants, and Traders, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and others, inhabiting within the City of London, and Places adjacent, and also the Petition of the Gentlemen, and others, in and about the Town of Dudley, in the County of Worcester, and also the Petition of the Traders, and Inhabitants, of the Borough of ^Leicester, and also the Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, living in, or near the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, and Places adjacent, are referred , and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Stephen Aldrich, Richard Clarke, John Woodward, William Mojjon, John Thwaits, and Richard Fenny, Bankrupts, as well on behalf of themselves as others, who have been Bankrupts, was prefen ted to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners have conformed themselves in all Things pursuant to the several Statutes relating to Bankrupts, and have delivered up all their Effects, and Four Parts in Five of their Creditors, in Number and Value, have signed their Certificates; but the late Act expiring the End of last Session of Parliament, the Lord Chancellor apprehends, he cannot sign their Certificates: And praying, that the Lord Chancellor may be impowered to confirm the Petitioners Certificates, or such other Relief given, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of Matthew Churchill, Robert Churchill, Samuel Dunklyn, Robert Blagrave, and others, whose Names are thereunder subscribed, in behalfof themselves and many others, unfortunate Bankrupts, is referred; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Watkin Williams Wynn, Mr. Man-Jell, Mr. Hilton, Mr. Newland, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Knight, Mr. Vaughan, Sir William Stapleton, Mr. Perrot, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Fox, Mr. Baptist Leveson Gower, Mr. Wm. Leveson Gower, Mr. Digby, SivWm. Keyt, Mr. Annejley, Mr. Gifford, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Bowles, Mr. Conduit, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Shepheard, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of divers Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants of the County of Cambridge, and also the Petition of the principal Inhabitants within the University and Town of Cambridge, in the County (/f Cambridge, are referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tuesday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

— 3 0 Martfi. . 1729.

Martis, 30 dieMartii;

Anno 3° Georgii II'1 Regis, 1729.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act LilHngton for inclosing several common Fields, common Inclosure. Meadows, and other commonable Lands, in the Parish of Lillington, in the County of Warwick, was- read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bromley,

Mr. Campbell, Mr. Earle, Sir Wm. Stapleton, Sir Wm. St. ghintin. Lord Morpeth, Mr. Lumley, Sir John Rufhout,

Lord Malpas, Mr. Mordaunt, Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr.

Mqfier, Mr. Cornwallis, Mr. Baron Birch, Mr. Vaughan,

Mr. Digby, Mr. Parsons, Sir Walter Bagot, Sir Adolphus O ugh ton, Mr. Plummer, Mr. Hacks, Mr. Plumptre, Mr.

Orlebar, Sir Wm. Carew, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Mr. Perrot, Dr. Clarke, Mr. Leveson Gower,

Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Shippen, Mr. Vincent,

Mr. Geers, Mr. Conduit, Mr. Burton, Mr. Harley, Mr.

Compton, Mr. Bramston; and all the Members, that serve for the Counties of Wanvick, Stafford, and Oxford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Shopkeepers, and other Traders, Hawker* and Inhabitants of the Borough of East Grinsted, in the ^c^rl' County of Sussex; and also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the City of Coventry, under their common Seal, and of the Manufacturers, principal Shopkeepers, and Traders, thereof, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of their Fellow-citizens;

Were severally presented to the House, and read complaining of great Decays in their Trades, occasioned by the clandestine Trade and Dealings, carried on by Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen; and praying, that they may be suppressed, or such other Relief given against them, as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

The House proceeded (according to Order) to the Beaumaris hearing the Merits of the Election for the Borough of led ion. Beaumaris, in the County of Anglesey.

And the Counsel were called in.

And the Petition of the major Part of the Burgesses of the said Borough of Beaumaris, and also the Petition of the Burgesses of the Borough of Newburgh, in the said County of Anglesey, were read; and the Counsel were heard.

And it being objected, that the said Petition of the Burgesses of the Borough of Newburgh was signed by some Persons, who had not signed the former Petitions, presented in this Parliament; and that the Names of some of the Petitioners were not written, or Marks made, by the Parties themselves j the Counsel were directed to withdraw.

And the Resolution of the House the 14th of November 1689, That all Petitions, presented to the House, ought to be signed by the Petitioners with their own Hands, by their Names or Marks, was read:

And the Journal of the 6th of April 1714, in the same of the Petition, touching the Election for the Borough of Wigan, in the County of Lancaster, was read.

Ordered, That the Counsel be called in, and be directed by Mr. Speaker to proceed only upon the Matter of the Petition of the major Part of the Burgesses of the Borough of Beaumaris.

And the Counsel were called in again, and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners, the major Part of the Burgesses of the said Borough of Beaumaris, were further beard.

And

% Geo. II. 3" — 4°

And4 hen the COunfelon both'Sides were directed to withdraw.

v And the Time being come, for the House to attend

his Majesty;

Ordered, That the fort her hearing the Merits of the Election for the Borough of Beaummis, in the County of Angicjey^ be adjourned till Two of the Clock this Afternoon.

And then the House adjourned tiU Two of the Clock this Afternoon.

Post Meridiem.

The House being met;

Anftrer Mr. Speaker reported, that the Hdufe had attended to Address. his Majesty with their Addfefs; to which his Majesty was pleased to give this most gracious Answer; viz.

Gentlemen,

I thank you for this Address, which is very pleasing and acceptable to me; and I make no Doubt* but the most Christian King will, pursuant to the mutual Fidelity, which subsists between, the Two Crowns, cause the Orders to be effectually executed, which he has given at my Instances for demolishing the Works, that have been made by the Inhabitants of Dunkirk, contrary to the Treaties of Utrecht and tire Hague.

lesnmaris The House proceeded (according to Order) in the fur-lleftoo. ther hearing the Merits of the Election for the Bofough of Beaumaris y in the County of Anglesey.

And the Counsel on both Sides were called in again, and were further heard as to the Right of Eieftibri; which the Petitioners Counsel infilled, is in all the Inhabitants of the Borough of Beaumaris, being Householders, and not receiving Alms; and the fitting Member's Counsel infilled, that the Right of Election is in the Miyor, Bai* lifts, and capital Burgesses, of Beaumaris only.

On the Petitioner's Part, the Nineteenth and Thirty-sixth Sections of the Act, of the 27th Year of Ydng Henry 8th (concerning the Laws to be used in Wales) and the Third Section of the Act, of the 35th Year of the same King* intituled, The Bill for Knights and Burgesses in Wales concerning the Payment of their Fees and Wages," were read; and a Copy of a private Act of Parliament made in the Second and Third Year of the Reign of King Edward 6th, intituled, "An Act for the " keeping of the Sessions, and County Days, of the Isle of Anglesey in Beanmarreswas read; and Copies of several Returns to Parliament were read; and the Petitioner's Counsel examined a Witness.

Gn the fitting Member's Part, the 119th Section of the Act of the 34th and 35th Year of King Henry 8th, intituled, "An Act for certain Ordinances in the King's 46 Majesty's Dominion and Principality of Wales" and the Act, of the aid Year of King James id, intituled, 41 An Act of Repeal of) one Branch of the Statute, made in the Session of PaHiament, holden by Prorogation at Westminster, the 22d Day of January, in the 34th Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled, An 44 Act for certain Ordinances in the King's Majesty'* 44 Dominion and Principality of Wales? were read; and the Charter of the Borough of Beaumaris, granted by Queen Elizabeth, bearing Teste the 22d Day of June, in the 4th Year of her Reign, and containing Infpfaimus9s of several Charters* granted in former Reigns, was produced; and read; and the Resolution of the House the 18th of February 1709, touching the Right of Election, was read; and the fitting Member's Counsel examined several Witnesses, and dimmed up their Evidence.

And the Petitioner's Counsel were heard, by way of Reply.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed ta withdraw.

And a Motion being made, amcl the Question being proposed. That the Right of Election of a Surged, to feror in Parliament for the Borough of Beaumaris, in the Gounty , Vqa,.21.

Martiu 473

of Anglesey, is in the Inhabitants of the said Borough of Beaumaris, being Householders, and not receiving Alms*

Several Amendments were made to; the Question;

t

The Question being put, That 'she Word Inhabitants" stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative. . ^,

An Amendment being proposed, That the Words;

44 Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses at large," be inserted, instead of the Word Inhabitants

It was proposed to amend the said Amendment, by inferring the rein, between the Word and" and the Word t( Burgesses," this Word capital," and to leave out these Words, 44 at large."

And the Question being put, That the said Word capital" be there inserted;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Question being put, That these Words, "at 44 large," stand Part of the said Amendments It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Word 44iohly*' be added to the said Amendment;

It was resolved in the Affirmative;

Then the said Amendment, so amended, tvas agreed by the House to bte made Parc of the Question.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out these Words "'being House- holders, and not receiving Alms."

And the Question being put; That those Words stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Question, so amended, being put;

Resolved, That the Right of electing a Burgess, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Beaumaris, in the County of Anglesey, is in the Mayor, Bailiffs, and capital B urgeffes only, of the said Borough of ReaumdHs.

Then the Counsel were called in again, and Mr. Speaker acquainted them with the said Resolution.

And the Petitioner's Counsel informing the House, that the House having thus determined the Right of Election, they had nothing further to offer; the Counsel were again directed to withdraw.

Resolved, That Watkins Williams Wynii> Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Beaumaris, in the County of Abglefey;

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Trade nexr, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House* to AfncJU to consider of the State of the Trade to Africa,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morn- Punifoing ing nefct, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Mutiny and House; upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Defer- Deferiiofl. tion, and for the better Payment of the Army, and thehf Quarters.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Prohibiting next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Loans to upon the Bill to prohibit any Person or Persons, his Majesty's Subjects, or residing within this Kingdom, to advance or lend any Sum or Sums of Money to any foreign Prince, State, or Potentate, without Licence obtained from his Majesty* under his Privy Seal, or some greater Authority.

And then the House adjourned till To-mofrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

MercuHi, 40 die Martii;

Anno 3* Georgii II4i Regis, 1729.

Praters.

AN ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Horamghold for inclosing arid dividing the common Fields, and Inclosure. common Grounds, in the Parish of Horningbold\ in the County of Leicester, was read the First time.

6 D Resolved\

1

474

Resolved, iThat thfe Bill be re&d a Second time.

Earl of A Bill for vesting the Estate of Richard, late Earl bf Ranelagh, in the Counties of Middlesex and Berks, in tc* Trustees, to be sold, for the Uses therein mentioned, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Bridgwater Mr. Dodingion pfefcnted to the House (according to Roads. Order) a Bill for repairing several Roads leading into the Town of Bridgwater, in the County of Somerset;and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Coal Trade. A Petition of the Owners of Ships, employed in the Coal Trade, belonging to Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of great Discouragements and Difficulties in their Trade, the principal Nursery of Seamen, arising from the unfair Practices of London Market, occasioned by the Incorporation of the Lightermen; and praying, that the Trade maybe laid open, as formerly, and such other Relief given, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the several Petitions of the Owners and Matters of Ships, employed in the Coal Trade, belonging to the Port of Scarborough, the Towns of Whitby, Newcastle, and Sunderland, are referred; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Trade Ordered, That Sir Chaloner Ogle do, upon Friday to Africa, Morning next, attend the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the State of the Trade to Africa.

Ordered, That Captain Peter Solgard do, upon Friday Morning next attend the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the State of the Trade to Africa.

Well's Nat. Mr. Orlebar presented to the House (according to Order) a Bill for naturalizing Nicholas Lewis Well:, and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Beaumaris Watkin Williams Wynn, Esquire, being chosen Knight Writ- of the Shire for the County of Denbigh, and also Burgess for the Borough of Beaumaris, in the County of Angle-fey, made his Election, to lerve for the said County of Denbigh.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a ne w Writ, for the electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Beaumaris, in the room of the said Watkin Williams Wynn, Esquire.

Bridgetown A Bill for repairing the Road leading from a Gate, Road. called Shipston Toll-gate, at Bridgtown, in the County of Warwick, through Alderminster, and Shipston upon Stower, to the Top of Long Compton Hill, in the said County, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Compton, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Parsons, Mr. Newland, Mr. Hughes, Mr. Lyster, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Lord Colerain, Mr. Orlebar, Mr. Hucks, Mr. Geers, Colonel Onslow, Mr. York, Sir Archibald Grant, Sir Wm. Carew, Sir Ju/liniun Ifham, Sir Edward Knatchbull, Mr. Heathcote, Mr. Williams, Mr. Alderman Child, Mr. Owen, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Ash, Mr. Duckett, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Sambrook, Mr. Murray, Mr. Danvers, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Bathurst, Sir John Rufhout, Mr. Conduit, Mr. Sandys, Sir John Dutton, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Digby, Mr. Annesley, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Bramston, Sir John Aft/ey, Mr. Pigott, Sir John Hind Cotton, Colonel Read, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Mnf-ter; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Warwick, Gloucester, and Worcester: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A. 17

A Bill for making mrtre effectual art Act, parted in CracWcr 1 the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King 1

George ill, for repairing the Roads, therein mentioned, between Crackley Bank, in the Parish of Idfall, alias Skiff- [

nail, and the Town of Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop, was read a Second time. J

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lyster, )

Mr. Hucks, Mr. Ingoldefby, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr.

Gould, Mr. Douglas, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Papillon, Mr.

Alderman Child, Mr. Geers, Mr. Shepheard, Sir Robert Abdey, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Oglethorpe, Mr. Towers, Sir John Hind Cotton, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Annesley,

Mr. Moore, Iylr« Gwyn Vaughan, Mr Vaughan, Mr.

Bramston, Colonel Onslow, Mi. Newland, Mr. Legh Master, Mr. Compton, Sir Robert Abdy, Mr. Pigott, Mr. Chol-monde/ey. Sir Geo. Saville, Mr. Watkyn Williams Wynn,

Sir John Act ley, Mr. Sambrook, Sir Walter Bagot, Mr. j

My ddel ton, Mr. La con Child, Mr. Leveson Gower, Mr. (

Charlton, Mr. Heathcote, Mr. Harley, Mr. Perrot, Sir

Wm. Carew, Mr. Life, Mr. Foley, and all the Members

that serve for the Counties of Salop, Stafford, and North

Wales: And they are to meet this Afteoon, £t Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Perrot presented to the House (according to Woodstock, Order) a Bill for repairing and amending the several &c. Roads. Roads leading from Woodstock, through Keddinglon and 1

Enfton, to Rollright Lane, and from Enjlow Bridge to Ked-dington aforesaid, in the County of Oxon; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir John Hynde Cotton reported from the Committee, Mixbury to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Inclosure.

An Act to confirm an Agreement for inclosing the com- j

mon Fields, Downs, waste and uninclosed Lands, Part

of the Manor of Mixbury, in the County of Oxon, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true, and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, I

without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in I

at the Clerk's Table.

The said Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir John Hynde Cotton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Secretary at War reported to the House, that Answer to their Address of Friday lad, that his Majesty would be Addrefe. graciously pleased to give Directions/to the proper Officers, to lay before this House, an Estimate of what may be necessary for repairing and rebuilding his Majesty's Ships, and for the repairs of his Majesty's Docks, for the Year 1730, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he will'give Directions for laying before this House the Estimate, desired by the said Address.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec- Weymouth tions be discharged from proceeding upon so much of Writ, the Petition of Knox Ward, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Weymouth znA Melcomb-Regis, in the County of Dorset, as relates to Sir James Thornhill, Knight.

Mr. Glanville presented to the House (according to Recovery of Order) a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, small Debts; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time, upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That the (kid Bill be printed.

15 Ordered,

40 Martii.

3 Geo. II.

4° — 5° Mattii.

475

Lave of Ordered, That William Duff, Esquire, have Leave to

Absence. go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

Disabling A Bill for making more effectual the Laws in being* periodsbav- for disabling Persons from being chosen Members of, or from being* fitting or voting in, the House of Commons, who have Member*. any Pension during Pleasure* or for any Number of Years, or any Offices held in Trust for them, was read a Second time.

Refokved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

East India Ordered, That a Copy of the Charter, granted by his

Charter* ^ate Majesty King William the Third to the English Company trading to the East Indies, dated the Fifth Day of September, in the Tenth Year of his Reign, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That a Copy of the Charter, granted to the said Company by his late Majesty King George the First, be laid before this House.

Way* The Order, for the House to resolve itself into a CommdMeans* mittee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, being read;

Ordered, That the Account of the Money paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, from the 29th Day of September, 1722, to the 29th Day of September, 1729, for the Produce of the Fund payable to the East India Company for Three millions Two hundred thousand Pounds advanced by them, distinguishing each Year, be referred.to the find Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Money paid into the Exchequer, from the 29th Day of September, 1722, to the 29th Day of September, 1729, for the Produce of the Funds, granted in the Eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for raising One million Five hundred thousand Pounds by a Lottery, and also an Account of the present annual Charges thereupon, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chain

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that the Committee had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Arrears of Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do Duties due Jay before this House, an Account of the Arrears of hX Com. ®ut*es due to Cn>wn from the East India Company, paoy,&c." for unrated Goods, imported from the East Indies, China, and other Places within the Limits of the Charter granted to the said Company, since the Eighth Day of March, 1703, and what Proceedings have been had to compel the said Company to the Payment thereof.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do lay before this House, an Account of the Arrears of Duties due to the Crown from the separate Traders to the East Indies, for unrated Goods, by them respectively imported from the East Indies, China, and other Places within the Limits of the Charter granted to the East India Company, since the Eighth Day of March, 1703, and what Proceedings have been had to compel the said Company to the Payment thereof.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Wiftcch, &c. Ordered, That the Report from the Committee to Vol 21.

whom the Bill for repairing and amending the Road between the Towns of Wisbech and Marsh, in the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge, was committed, be received upon Saturday Morning next; and that the Counsel against, and for, the said Bill, be then heard.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- Supply, night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That that Part of the Message from the Jenyns' Lords, on Saturday last, by which their Lordships do divorce, desire this House will give Leave, that Samuel Shepheard,

Esquire, a Member of this House, may attend their Lord 111 ips, in order to be examined as a Witness upon the Bill, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of James Jenyns, Esquire, with Rachael Eft wick, and to enable him to marry again, and to illegitimate the spurious Child, that has been born of her since her Separation, and any other Child, which shall be born of her, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec- Committee tions be adjourned. of Privileges.

Ordered, That Mr. Tucker, Mr. Alderman Child, Sir Kennet Geo. Cafwall, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir John Eyles, Sir James Navigation. Campbell, Mr. Erefktne, Mr. Brodie, Lord Gage, Mr.

Walter, Mr. Shippen, Lord Cafllemain, General Ross,

Mr. Forbes, Mr. Grant, Mr. Crispe, Colonel Onslow, Sir Robert Abdy, Lord Howe, Colonel St. Clair, Sir Robert Monro, Mr. Drumond, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Thompson,

Mr. Campbell, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Scott, Mr. Reynefl, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Proprietors of the Navigation of the River Kennet, from Reading to Newbury, in the County of Berks, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and others concerned therein, is referred.

Ordered, That Mr. Earle, Mr. Jessop, Mr. Fortescue. Expiring Mr. Lane, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Morrice, Mr. Gay, Mr. Laws* Alderman Child, Mr. Alderman Parsons, Mr. Hawkins,

Sir John Eyles, Sir Joseph Eyles, be added to the Committee, appointed to inspect what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion to the House, which of them are fit to be revived, or continued.

Ordered, That the Lord Gage, Mr. War dell, Major Cambridge, Duckett, Mr. Trenchard\ Sir Robert Monroe, Mr. Towers, &c* Roads. Sir Roger1 Bradshaigh, Mr. St. Quintiu, Mr Gould, Mr.

Bladen, Mr. Heathcote, Sir Wm. Tonge, Colonel Lyddell,

Mr. Wilson, Mr. Bond, Mr. Crozvle, Mr. Moreton, Mr.

Crosse, Sir Hum. Howorth, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of divers of the principal Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the County of Cambridge, and also the Petition of divers of the principal Inhabitants within the University and Town of Cambridge, in the County of Cambridge, are referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 50 dieMartii;

Anno 30 Georgii IIdl Regis, 1729.

Prayers.

MR. Legh Master reported from the Committee, to Sherbrook whom the Bill for making more effectual an Act> passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late oa Majesty King George the First, for repairing and widening the Road from Sherbrook Hill, near Buxton, and Chappie in the Frith, in the County of Derby, to Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the

House:

t

476" 5* — 6° Martii. 1729.

House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the Report was read j and the Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Hawkers and A Petition of tire Mayor, Sheriffs, Citizens, and Pedlars. Commonalty, of the City of Lincoln, and also the Tradesmen, and Inhabitants, of the said City, and County thereof; and also,

A Petition of the Manufacturers, Shopkeepers, and Tradesmen, of the Town of Cambridge^ in the County of Cambridge,

Were presented to the I-Jotife, and read; complaining of great Decays in their Trades, occasioned by the clandestine Trade and Dealings, carried on by Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen: And praying, that they may be suppressed, or such other Relief given against them, as to the House shall seem meet.

And the hid Petitions were severally ordered t<? lie upon the Tabl^.

Ballard Ordered. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

Children, the more effectual indemnifying and securing Parishes, and other Places, from such Charges, as may arise from baftird Children, born within the same; and that Mr. Robert Hacks and Mr. Orlebar do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Rebuilding, Mr. Cockburn, from the Commissioners for executing &c. Ship*, Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, an Estimate of the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs, of Ships, and Docks, for the Year 1730,

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The said Estimate is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

African Ordered, That the royal African Company do lay

Forts, e<. c. before this House, an Account of the present Condition of their Forts in Africa, and of the EstablKliments of their Garrisons there.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Royal African Company do lay before this House, a List of the Proprietors in the said (Company, specifying each Man's Property, as it flood in their Books on the First Day of this present Month of March, !7tv>

It pa{Ted in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations do lay before this House, a Copy of their Report to her late Majesty Queen Anne, dated March the 15th, 17 ;-!, concerning the African Company, and also a Copy of their Report to his late Majesty, dated March the 17th, 1724, relating to the Trade to Africa.

Liverpoole The House proceeded (according to Order) to the Election. hearing the Matter of the Petition of Thomas Brereton, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Liverpqole, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

And the Counsel were called in.

And the said Petition was read: And the Counsel were heard.

The Bight of Election was agreed by the Counsel on both Sides to be in the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Freemen, of the said Borough, not receiving Aims.

The Petitioner's Counsel proceeded to give Evidence touching Neg'efts, and Refusals, by the Mayors, for Three Years last, to hold Common-councils, in order to the admitting Freemen, according to thaancient Usage of the Borough.

And they produced one of the Record Books of the Borough; and an Entry therein, of an Order, made at an Assembly, held the First Day of May, 1679, appointing the First LVednesday in every Month to be a Council Day, was read: And several Witnesses were examined, as to the frequent callings of Commomcouncils formerly; as to the Usage observed in the admitting of Freemen; and also as to undue Proceedings of the Mayor at the last Election, and his withdrawing himfeiffrom the Place of polling, before he had taken the Votes of several Persons, who claimed to be admitted to vote for the Petitioner.

And Henry Or me being called, and examined, amd producing a List, taken by him, of divers Persons, who gave their Votes for the Petitioner, after the Mayor had left the Place of polling;

And the Sitting Member's Counsel objecting against the admitting of such Evidence;

The Petitioner's Counsel were heard, in answer to that Objection; and they examined fbme other Witnesses:

And the Sitting Member's Counsel were heard., byway of Reply.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Refo'lved, That the Paper, produced by Henry Orme, containing a List, taken by him, of Persons, who voted for the Petitioner, after the Mayor had left the Place of polling, be admitted as evidence of such Persons voting.

And the Counsel were called in again, and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

The said Henry Orme was again called in: And he delivered in the said Paper.

And then the Counsel were directed to withdraw.

Resolved, That the farther hearing the Matter of the Petition of Thomas Brereton, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, be adjourned till this Day Fortnight.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That that Part of the Message from the Lords, Jen>'ni' on Saturday last, by which their Lordfoips do desire, this 1,1V0rGC* House will give Leave, that Samuel Shepheard, Esquire, a Member of this House, may attend their Lordfoips, in order to be examined as a Witness upon the Bill, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of James Jenyns, Esquire, with Rachael Eftwick, and to enable him to marry again, ar# to illegitimate the spurious Child, that has been born of her fence her Separation, and any other Child, which shall be born of her, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, be taken into Consideration upon this Day £evennight.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 6° die Martii;

Anno 30 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1729*

Praters.

THE House being informed that Mr. Lynn, Seere- African tary to the royal African Company, attended at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, purliaant to their Order, an Account of the present Condition of the royal African Company's Forts in Africa, and of the Establishments of their Garrisons there.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The laid Account is as follows; viz.

African House, Alarch jth, 174^.

An ACCOUNT of the present Condition of the royal African Company's Forts in Africa. and of the Establi foments of their Garrisons there.

James Fort, in the River of Gambia^ strongty Ik u a ted, and built on a small Island, about 14 Leagues from the Mouth of the River. The Fort is quadrangular.

3 Geo. II.

6° Marti.

All

Jar, and well and ftroriglv built of Stone, with terras Walks on the Top, and provided with Warehouses, "Magazines, Store-Rooms, and proper Apartments and Conveniences for the Garrison. It has Four Bastions, on which are mounted 24 Pieces of large Cannon; and on the Out-works, which consist of three Half Moons, are mounted Six Twelve Pounders, and Six Twenty-four Pounders, which command the North and South Passages of the River.

The present Number at the Fort is,

51 white Men,

41 Castle Slaves i

The full Complement of Men for this Fort is,

70 white Men,

100 Castle Slaves:

Dtxcove Fort is the first Place belonging to the Company, situated on the Gold Coast, about Eight Leagues to the Eastward of Cape Three Points, built by the present Company: It is Four-square, fortified with Four strong Bastions, on which are mounted 24 Pieces of Cannon: It has lodging Rooms and Apartments for the Garrison, with Warehouses, Magazines, Store-rooms, is kept in very good Repair, and furnishes all the Company's other Forts with Timber and Lime: It has a Tank, or large Cistern, made with Brick and Tarras, sent from England,.iox fresh Water, and a Negro House for 100 Negroes; and is a Place for careening small Vessels.

The full Complement of The present Number Men for this Fort is, at the Fort is,

21 White Men, 7 White Men,

54 Castle Slaves: 39 Castle Slaves.

Succundee Fort, about Eight Leagues to the Eastward of Dtxcove, is a square Fortification, rebuilt by the present Company, after having been destroyed by the Negroes at the Instigation of the Dutch West India Company, and now fortified, and made larger, and stronger, than before; has Four Bastions, mounted with 24 great Guns, and a Platform towards the Sea, on which is mounted Seven heavy Guns; consists of lodging Rooms and Apartments for the Garrison, and Artificers, Magazines, and Store-houses, with a Tank, made with Brick and Tarras, sent from England, and a Negro House for ico Negroes.

The full Complement of The present Number Men for this Fort is, at the Fort is,

17 White Men, 8 White Men,

30 Castle Slaves: 28 Castle Slaves.

Commenda Fort is situateSeven Leagues to the Eastward of Succundecy being a strong square double Fort, built with Stone, Brick, &?r. by the present - Company, at a very great Expence, notwithstanding the repeated Endeavours *of the Dutch to prevent the fame: It is fortified with a Tower, and Four strong Bastions, on which are mounted 24 great Guns, from 3 to 12 Pounders; has all proper Lodgings and Apartments for the Garrison, and others, with Warehouses, Store-rooms, Magazine, a Tank, or large Cistern, for fresh Water, made with Brick and Tarras sent from England, and a Negro House for 150 Negroes,

The present Number at the Fort is,

8 White Men, 28 Castle Slaves.

The full Complement of Men for this Fort is,

28 White Men,

34 Castle Slaves:

Cape Coast Castle is situated about the Middle of the Gold Coast: The Castle is a square Building, fortified with Four large Bastions, and a Platform towards the Sea; has been enlarged with new Buildings, and made more regular, as well as Six times larger, and stronger, by the present Company, with Stone, Brick, Tiles, Lime, and Tarras, tsV. and is a Security for all Ships in the Road; was many Years doing; having Apartments for the chief Merchants, Factors, Writers, Surgeons, Artificers, and Soldiers, Magazines, Warehouses, Storehouses, Granaries, Guard-rooms, Two large Tanks, or Citterns, for fresh Water, built with Brick and Tarras, sent from England, holding at least 200 Tuns; Repositories, to lodge 1,000 Negroes; and Vaults for Rum, l£c. Work-houses for Smiths, Armourers, Coopers, and Carpenters: On the Bastions are mounted 30 great Guns, and towards the Sea, on the Platform, 11 Guns, from Eighteen to Vol. 21.

Thirty-two Pounders, sufficierit to proteA any Ships in Africantfottn the Road.

Fort Royal, bought of the Danes by the present Com* pahy, for £.4,597. Anno 1687; and is absolutely necessary for the Defence and Security of Cape Coast Castle, and Ships in the Road; but wants to be put in a better

Posture of Defence, than it is at present* It has 25

Guns.

Phipps's Tower, an Out-work, built for the Defence of the Town and Gardens of Cape Coast against any inland Enemy, has Seven Guns.

Queen Anne's Point, another Out-work, built for the further Security of Cape Coast, has Five Guns.

The full Complement of The present Number

Men for this Castle, at the Castle, Fort

with Fort Royal, and Royal, and Out-

Outworks, is works, is,

126 White Men 67 White Men,

400 Castle Slaves 317 Castle Slaves,

40 Canoe Men: 40 Canoe Men.

Anamaboe, Charles Fort, situated Five Leagues to the East-ward of Cape Coast Castle, built by the present Company; and is a regular Fort, with all necessary Apartments,

£s?r. but isgone todecay. The Price of Negroes there being so greatly advanced, of late Years, has difeou raged and disabled the Company from keeping the Fort in good Repair; but there is in the Fort, for keeping Possession thereof, a'

Corporal, with some Soldiers, and a few Cattle Slaves;

Tantumquerry Fort, built lately by the present Company with Stone, Brick, Lime, &c. is a square Fort, fortified with Four Bastions, and Eight great Guns mounted thereon; has all necessary Apartments, Lodging-rooms, Storerooms, Guard-room, Magazine, and a Tank, or Cistern; for fresh Water, made with Bricks and Tarras, sent from England; and a Negro House for 50 Negroes.

The Complement of Men The present Number for this Fort is, at the Fort is,

17 White Men, 5 White Men,

30 Castle Slaves: 28 Castle Slaves.

WinHebah Fort, Seven Leagues Eastward of Tantum-querry, built by the present Company: The Fortification issquare, with Four Bastions, built of Stone, Bricks, Lime,

£s1c. with Apartments for the Garrison, and others;

Spurrs, or Outworks, Warehouses, Magazine, Guard-rooms, a Tank, or Cistern, made of Brick and Tarras, sent from England and a Negro House for 100 Negroes; and has a River of fresh Water, to supply the Ships; also Timber, and Oyster-lhells, for repairing the Forts; on the Bastions are mounted 16 great Guns.

The full Complement of The present Number

Men for this Fort is, at the Fort is,

27 White Men, 6 White Men,

34 Castle Slaves: 28 Castle Slaves.

Accra Fort, situated 9 or 10 Leagues Eastward of Winnebah, built by the present Company, of Stone,

Brick, &c. It is a double Fort, four-square, situate very strong on a Rock by the Sea, with a Tower, and Four Bastions, on which are mounted 36 great Guns, from to 18 Pounders; has a Platform towards the Sea, with Four great Guns mounted on the fame, and is capable of mounting 13, with Apartments for the Garrison, and others; Magazines, Warehouses, Guard-rooms, and a Tank, or Cistern, for fresh Water, built of Brick and Terras, sent from England; and a Negro House for 300 Negroes. This is the last of the Company's Forts on the Gold Coast.

The present Number at the Fort is,

12 White Men,

28 Castle Slaves.

The full Complement of Men for this Fort is, 28 White Men,

39 Castle Slaves:

William's Fort, at Why da h, is situated from Cape Coast Castle, Eastward, about 90 Leagues, built by the present Company, with such Materials, as could be there procured, no Stones, or Bricks being to be had on that Part of the Coast. It is a regular Fort; hath Platforms, Parades, Out-works, a Mount round, and very deep Ditch for Defence j within, has Apartments for the chief 6 E Favors,

African Forts,

&c.

Poor Laws.

Regulating Elections in Norwich.

478 .6° Martii. 1729.

» Factors, Writers, and the Garrison; a Guard-room, Storehouses, Magazine, and a Negro House, and 32 great Guns mounted: It is capable of Defence against any Power of the Natives, as was experienced on the 16th October 1728, when it was attacked severely by the King of Dahome, with 20,000 Blacks, who were at Length obliged to retire, with the Loss of a great Number (lain; and at the same time it gave Protection to several Mailers of private Ships, and others, who were on Shore, then trading, and thereby saved their Lives, and Goods.

The full Complement of The present Number

Men for this Fort is, 36 White Men,

120 Castle Slaves and Canoemen:

at the Fort is, 6 White Men, 108 Castle Slaves and Canoemen.

An Estimate of the Charge of maintaining the foregoing Forts and Castles, with their full Complement ment of Men; viz.

321 Officers and Soldiers, at £. 30. per Annum each 9,630 66 Artificers at £. 50. per Annum each - - 3,300

896 Gromettas, and black Servants, at £. 8. per Annum each, for Maintenance and Mortality - 7,168 Three small Vessel ,with Five Men each, for transporting Necessaries for repairing of the Forts 780 For Quit-rents, Presents, or Daftiees, to the Natives ----- -- *,400

For Ammunition, Stores, Medicines, all Sorts

of Materials, and procuring Recruits - - 3,150

In Sterling and Coast Money £. 25,428

Estimate of the Charge of the said Forts and Castles for the Year, ending December 31st, 1729.

149 Officers and Soldiers, at £. 30. per Annum £.

each ----- 4,470

22 Artificers, at £. 50. each - 1,100

702 Black Servants, at £. 8. - - - - 5,616

Three small Sloops, with Five Men each - - 780

Quit-rents, and Dafhees, or Presents, to the

Natives - 1,400

Ammunition, Stores, M/sdicines, (Sc. - - 1,575

In Sterling and Coast Money - - £.14,941

By Order of the Court of Assistants of the Royal African Company of England.

Fra. Lynn, Secretary.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the State of the Trade to Africa.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to bring in a Bill for amending the Laws relating to the Settlement, Employment, and Relief, of the Poor, that they do bring in a Bill, or Bills.

Mr Waller Bacon reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Sheriffs, Citizens, and Commonalty, of the City of Norwich, in Common-council assembled, was referred; that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as follows; viz.

That the Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, bearing Date the 4th of February instant, proceeded to examine the Matter of the said Petition; and, to prove the Allegations thereof. Witnesses were called; viz.

Mr. Daniel Meadows, Mr. Nehemiah Lodge, and Mr. William Crowe; who, being severally examined, said, that, against the time of an Election of Members, to serve in Parliament, and also Mayors, Sheriffs, Aldermen, and Common-council-men, for the City of Nor-

wich, the Freedoms of great Number of poor Men have been purchased by other People, at a very low Price, in order to their voting at such Elections, as, they should be desired; which has been the Occasion of many unhappy ControversiCs in the said City:

That, against the Time of an Election for Aldermen, and Comtnon-council-men, great Numbers of the Freemen have removed out of one Ward into another, in order to vote; and at the last Election of Corqnion-council-men many voted for Three several Wards; and the City Gaol being in Two Wards, the Prisoners therein have been oftentimes removed out of one Part of the said Gaol into the other, purely to give a Vote for each Ward; and, in relation to the Hospital Men, the Dispute has been, whether they should vote for the Ward, where they formerly dwelt, qr in the Ward, where the Hospitals are.

The Petitioners, to make good the Allegations in the Petition, relating to the Charter of the said City, laid the same before the Committee; whereby it appears, that Sixty Common-council-men are to be yearly elected for the said City, on Four certain Days successively, therein particularly specified; viz. Twelve for the Ward of Conisford, Sixteen for the Ward of Muncroft, Twenty for the Ward of Wymer, and Twelve for the Ward beyond the Water.

That the same Persons gave Evidence, that it is usual and customary, in the Election of Common-council-men, to elect each Person singly; but the time, allowed by the said Charter, is not sufficient, when such Elections are controverted, to elect more than Four or Five in one Day, the Number of Eledors in each Ward being very numerous.

And the same Witnesses said, that there has beeagreat Disputes between the Court of Aldermen, and Comr mons, about their Right of voting in Assemblies, and such Disputes have caused them to break up; whereupon the publick Business of the City has been obstruded; and that there has not been an Assembly, to continue fitting to go through the Business of the Day, ever since lait May was Twelve-month.

That by a late Act of Parliament, for eroding a Work-house in the City of Norwich, the City is made one Parish; by which means the City are often at a Loss for want of Evidences, in Cafes of Removals of poor Persons, relating to their Settlement.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better regulating Elections in the City of Norwichy and for preserving the Peace, good Order, and Government, of the said City; and that Mr. Waller Bacon, Mr. Britiffe, Sir Edmund Bacon, of Garboldisham, and Mr. Harbord, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Alderman Child reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, having Estates in Houses in and about the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, in behalf of themselve9 and others, and also the Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, having Estates in Houses in and about the City of London, and Parts adjacent, in behalf of themselves, and others, were referred; that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, together with the Resolution of the Committee thereupon, to the House.: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; where the Report and Resolution were read, and are as follows; viz.

That the Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, bearing Date 10th February last, proceeded to examine the Matter of the said Petitions; and, to make good the Allegations of the fame, called

Mr. Edward Sheppard; who, being examined, fiiid, that the Bricks, made since the passing of the late Acts of Parliament, are not lo good, as they formerly were; and that the Size, prescribed by the fiiid Acts, being larger than usual, they will not dry, or burn, lb soon and well;

17 and

Bricks and Tiles making.

3 Geo. II.

and that Bricks arc much dearer; for that Stock Bricks, before the passing of the said Act, were sold at Twenty Shillings per Thousand, delivered by Land, and now Thirty Shillings; and that formerly the Price of Place Bricks was Fourteen or Fifteen Shillings a Thousand, delivered by Land, and now Nineteen or Twenty Shillings; and that a Rod of Biick Work was formerly done for Five Pounds Ten Shillings, and now Seven Pounds:

And gave further Evidence, that, since the obtaining of the said Acts, he has made several Thousand of Bricks with Spanish, for his own Use, believing them to be better: And said, that the Bricks, madepurfuant to the said Acts, will not bind with old Bricks, and consequently are very inconvenient to use in repairing of old Buildings.

Mr. William Mason said, that the Brick-makers burn large Quantities of Brick in Clamps, which are not so good, as when burnt in Kilns; and that the Bricks, now made, are not so good, as formerly there were, the Size being too large; and that Bricks will fell cheaper, if they were made smaller; and he hath bought Place Bricks at Fifteen Shillings a Thousand, before the pading the said Acts.

Mr. Thomas Scott, being examined, said, that Five Chaldrons of Coals were formerly used in burning One hundred thousand of Bricks, but, since the said Acts, they are obliged to use between Fourteen or Fifteen Chaldron for One hundred thousand of Bricks, and the Bricks not so good, and well burnt, as before:

That he has made large Quantities of Bricks, pursuant to the said Acts, and has now by him as many of those Bricks, as amount to the Value of Two thousand Pounds, or thereabouts, and cannot dispose of them, as he could have done, if they had not been made pursuant to the said Ads:

That in the burning of Bricks it costs Six Shillings per Thousand more in Kilns, than in Clamps; and that Bricks may be very good, when burnt in Clamps; and that Place Bricks, made pursuant to the said Acts, are Sixteen Shillings per Thousand, delivered by Water, and Fourteen Shillings at the Clamp; Red Stocks Five-and-twenty Shillings per Thousand at the Kiln; and Grey Stocks Eighteen Shillings per Thousand at the Clamps: And laid, that Bricks, made with Spanish, are burnt better, than those without.

Mr. Andrew Godfrey laid, that Bricks were formerly better burnt, than now, by reason that the Size, prescribed by the late Acts, are too large to bum well; and that Place Bricks, made pursuant to the said Acts, by Water are sold at Sixteen Shillings per Thousand, and Stock at Thirty Shillings:

That he was appointed a Searcher in pursuance of the said Acts, and made Searches at Brentford, and several other Places, and found Bricks made contrary to the said Acts; but the Brick-makers, to avoid the Penalties of the said Acts, pleaded, that the Bricks were made by Contract, and not for Sale:

That the Size of Bricks, made according to the said Acts, have been found veiy inconvenient, when used with old Bricks; and that Bricks, proper for Use, should be Eight Inches and Five Eighths long, Four Inches One Eighth broad, and Two Inches One Fourth thick, when burnt; which were the Size Bricks were made of, before the passing of the late Acts.

That the Committee came to the following Resolution; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Act, made in the Twelfth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, <c An Act to prevent Abuses u in the making of Bricks and Tiles, and to ascertain the 4c Dimensions thereof, and to prevent all unlawful Combinations amongst any Brick-makers, or Tile-makers, " within Fifteen Miles of the City of London, in order u to advance or enhance the Price of Bricks or Tiles," and the Act, made in the second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for explaining and amending the said Act, have occasioned the making of bad Bricks, and the enhancing the Price thereof,

Vol. SI.

479

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the fame, relating to Spanish, and the Size of Bricks.

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Ordered, That the Report be re-committed.

Ordered, That the Report be re-committed to the same Committee.

Colonel Bladen, from the Commissioners for Trade and African Plantations, presented to the House, pursuant to their Trade* Order,

Copy of a Represen'tation to her late Majesty Queen Anne, from the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations-, relating to the Trade to Africa, dated the Fifteenth of March i 7-i4;* and also,

Copy of a Representation to his late Majesty from the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, relating to the Trade to Africa, dated the Seventeenth of March, 1724.

And the Titles thereof were read.

Ordered, That the said Copies of Repreferitations be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the State\of the Trade to Africa.

The said Copies are bound up with the other Papers of this Seflfcm.

Ordered, That Jbhn Weaver, Esquire, have Leave Leave of to go info the Country for a Months upon extraordinary Absence. Occasions.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and capital Hawkers Burgesses, together with the principal Traders, and In- and Pedlars* habitants, of the Borough of Newport, in the Isle of Wight; and also,

A Petition of the several Manufacturers, Tradesmen, Shopkeepers, and Owners of Houses, within the Town and Borough of Totnefsy in the County of Devon; and also,

A Petition of the Mercers, and Shopkeepers, of the Town of Warehanty in the County of Dorset;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; complaining of great Decays in their Trades, occasioned by the clandestine Trade and Dealings, carried on by Hawkers, Pedlars, and petty Chapmen: And praying, that they may be suppressed, or such other Relief given against them, as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to he upon the Table. '

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the City of Worcester, Broad Wheels and Places adjacent; and also, on Turnpike

A Petition of the Traders, Freeholders, and Farmers, Roads in and about the Borough of Kidderminster, in the County of Worcester, in behalf of themselves, and many others;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; complaining of the Injury, which the inland Trade receives in the advanced Price and Scarcity of Carriage, occasioned by the Ad, of the Fifth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, which enjoins Waggons and Carts, travelling for Hire, to be drawn with broad Wheels: And praying such Relief, as the House shall think fit.

And the House being informed, that the Committee, to whom the several Petitions of the Merchants. Traders, and others, of London, Dudley, Leicester, Birmingham,

Hallamshire, and Sheffield, complaining also of the same Act, were referred, had gone through their Examinations, and had directed their Report to be made to the House;

Ordered, That the said Petitions do lie upon the Table, until the Report from the said Committee be received.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do Importsfrom lay before this House, the Amount of the Duties on Africa. Goods, of the Growth of Africa, imported by the royal African Company, and the separate Traders to Africa\ for Seven Years, from Christmas 1721, to Christmas 1728, distinguishing how much by the Company, and how much by the private Traders, each Year.

6°. Martii,

Mr.

6° Mar

inquiry Into Mr. Oglethorpe, from the Committee, appointed to theJ?‘at,c enquire into the State of the Gaols of this Kingdom, ac-Caos* quainted the House, that the said Committee, having entered upon their Enquiry, into the State of the King's Bench Prison* did find, that several indirect Pra&iceshad been ufetl, to prevent, and elude, such Enquiry s And he made a Report thereof to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table* where the same was read* and is as follows j viz.

That it appeared to the Committee, that George Gray> an Attorney at Law, wrote several Letters to Richard Mullins, Esquire, Marshal of the King's Bench, dated the 2d, 21ft, and 22d, of February last, demanding a Debt Of £.1. 8s. on behalf of one Richard Powell; and fug-gefting, that if he would not pay the said Money, Powell could give Informations against him arid intimating, that he, Gray, could be of Service to Mr. Mullins, as he had been last Year to Mr. Bambridgt, to whom he had given a full Account of the Measures to be taken against him, by means of his being then employed under one of the Solicitors, concerned against Bdmbridge and Huggins.

That Gray afterwards came, by Appointment, to Mr, Mullins % House, and acquainted him, that PoWell talked of informing the Committee of a Murder, committed by him the said Mullins; but that, if Mullins would give him Three Guineas, he would prevent Powell's giving any Information against him to the Committee: That Mr. Mackay was employed in drawing up Informations, to be laid before the Committee; and that, if he, Mullins, would place Five Guineas in proper Hands, it might be an Advantage to him, the said Mullins, in respect to Mackay.

That on the 23d of February, Gray, by a Letter, written by himself, but signed by him in the Name of John Mackay, acquainted the Committee, that Richard Powell, Robert Elliott, and other Persons, named in the Letter* could give an Account of the Charities, and Usage, of the Prison, and also an account of the Death and Murder of Thomas Denham, Mr. Allen, and others, through the Cruelty of the Marftials.

And Gray the same Day wrote a Letter to Mr. Mullins, giving him an Account of the Contents of what he had laid before the Committee, and that be had taken Powell away, and prevented his giving Evidence before the Committee and advised Mr. Mullins to fend Two Guineas, the Remainder of which, after letting Powell have 25 Shillings, he fays, he, Gray, should soon expend in Mullins's Service* and that he. Gray, designed that Evening to drink with Elliott, meaning the aforesaid Robert Elliott.

And by the general Tenure of all the Letters he undertakes to prevent Evidence being given to the Committee and he did actually convey away the said Richard Powell, and suppressed his Evidence; and this, in order to get Money from the Marshal, and render the Enquiry of this Committee ineffectual.

The Marshal of the King's Bench having laid the afore-mentioned Letters before the Committee, they ordered Gray to attend. He complied not with the Two first Orders; but wrote, the 26th of February, to the Marshal, that he had received them and that the Party on the Morrow would lay the Matter before the Chairman of the Committee, if the Matter proposed was not complied with.

It appeared to the Committee, that the said George Gray had tampered with feme Witnesses, in respect of their Evidence to be given to this Committee, and had hindered others from appearing, or giving Evidence; and the Committee ordered the said Trania&ions to be reported to the House.

Resolved, nemine contradicente, That George Gray, Attorney-at Law, having tampered with some Witnesses, in respect of their Evidence to be given to the Committee, appointed by this House to enquire into the State of the Gaols of this Kingdom, and having hindered others from appearing, and giving Evidence to the said Committee,

A. 1729*

is guilty of a high Crime and Misdemeanor, in Breach of the Privilege of this House, and in Contempt of the Authority thereof.

Ordered, That the said George Gray be, for his said Offence, committed Prisoner to His Majesty's Prisonof the Gatehouse; and that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants accordingly*

Mr* Earle (according to Order) reported from the Great Mir. Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as low Election, it appeared to them, touching the Election for the Borough of Great Marlow, in the County of Bucks, and the Refblution of the Committee thereupon: Which Report he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table where the same was read and the Report and Resolution are as followeth; viz.

Upon the Petition of Sir John Guise, Baronet, complaining of an undue Election and Return of John Clavering, Esquire, to serve for the said Borough:

"that the Right of Election was agreed to be in the Inhabitants, paying Scotland Lot, and not receiving Alms.

The Petitioner's Counsel alleged, that there was a Club set up, and encouraged, by the fitting Member's Agents, who combined together* and agreed among themselves to vote for any Gentleman to be their Representative in Parliament, that would deposit One thousand Pounds in some sure Hand, to be divided equally among them after such Election and that there were about Sixty Persons engaged in this Combination, who voted, upon the Promise of a Dividend out of the One thousand Pounds and objected against Thirty-five of the fitting Member's Voters, as being bribed, and concerned in the Combination: To prove which, they called

Thomas Keen and Robert Seers; who gave Evidence, that they were of the Club that they were Fifty, or upwards; that they signed a Paper, which was a Declaration of their Intent to vote for a fresh Member; and accordingly One thousand Pounds was offered by Mr. William Loftin, if they would choose any Gentlemen, he should fend for and the Money was to be lodged in the Hand of Mr. James Herman: That about Thirty, or more, met Mr. Clavering, at Mr. Brewer's and that Mr. Clavering promised to be as good as his Word: And named Twelve Persons of the Club, that voted for Mr. Clavering, on account of having an equal Share with the rest of the Club: That Mr. Brewer, Mr. Herman, Mr. Loftin, and Mr. Hammond, a died as Agents for Mr. Clavering:

That Mr. Clavering came there on a Swiday, and the Election was on the Wednesday following: The Society, about a Month before the Election, agreed among themselves to have Money for their Votes; and the Sum fixed was one thousand Pounds, to be divided equally among the Club:

That Mr. Herman gave Money to several; and Thomas Keen, one of the Witnesses, owned, he had Five Guineas; and that William With said, he had Three Guineas; and they were to have Share of the Thousand Pounds besides;

That the Paper subscribed was about Ten Days before the Election: That Herman told them, he had the Thousand Pounds ready; and that Mr. Clavering was by; and that the Money was to be paid, as soon as Mr. Chivering was returned: And Robert Seers said, the Intent of signing the Paper was, to choose any Gentleman, who would give One thousand Pounds; but could not say, he ever heard Mr. Clavering promise, or mention, the Sum. He said, he could read but very little, and he signed a Paper, that was not read to him; but said, his Intent, in signing the Paper, was, to have Share of the Thousand Pounds.

Alexander Jones said, he never was present at the Club; but that it consisted of about Fifty, or Fifty-six, Persons:

That Robert East, Thomas Stephens, Richard Webb, and Wm. Hollis, told him, tiiey voted for Mr. Clavering, on account of the Share of the Thousand Pounds, promised by Mr. Loftin and Mr. Herman for the fresh Member:

That,

I Geo. II. & Marth. 481

That lie collected the Land Tax; and that Samuel Bafney told him, when he demanded the fame, that Money was scarce; and that the Division, he was to have of the Thousand Pounds, for the fresh Member, would come to Twelve Pounds One Shilling a Man; and that they had been paid before that time, had not Sir John Guise petitioned the House of Commons: And that John Carter told him, about Seven Weeks ago, that he had Five Pounds for his Vote, but could not say, it was Part of the Money premised the Club; and that he gave no Note for the fame.

Being cross-examined, he owned, Sir John Guise was his Matter, but not at the time of the Election: That he asked Votes for him, and paid Reckonings at Andrew Trust's by Sir John Guise's Order: That he was his Agent: He thought, it was before the Election; could hot say, wheft the Liquor was drank: Paid about Eighteen Shillings at Hall's, some time before the Election, and paid at Hollis's, for Three Barrels of Beer, Six Pounds, about a Fortnight before the Election: That he paid Money to Samuel Dowley for Clock Cafes.

Charles Etheridge and John Philips owned, they had signed the Paper, and were promised by Mr. Brewer and Mr. Loft in, Agents for Mr. Clavering, One thousand Pounds for the Club: That the Division would be Twelve Pounds One Shilling a Man: That they called themselves the Flying Squadron: That Mr. Brewer was one of the Club; (eldom miffed; and that he told them, that anybody, who voted for the frefo Member, should have his equal Share 5 and that Sir John Guise's Petition prevented the Disposition of the Money: That John Butler, Mr. Brewer, John IVebb, Anthony Field, and Joseph Gray, agreed to vote, for the»r Share of the Thousand Pounds: And John Philips gave Evidence, that he worked for Mr. Herman, who told him, the Duke of St. Albans and Mr. Clavering had given a Note for the Thousand Pounds; and he, being desirous to see the Note, agreed to give a Pint of Wine for the Sight of it: Upon which Mr. Herman fetched it, and shewed it to him: That it was the 23d of August last was Two Years: That he set it down in his Pocket Book: That he flood dole by Mr. Herman; and that the Note began, " I f< promise to pay:" Said, he (aw Two Letters, which Herman told him, flood for the Duke of St. Albans' Name; and that Mr. Claveringhad signed it; and that it Was Security for the Money: Said, that the 1 and Three o's were Two or Three Lines below; and that Mr..Herman would not let him read it: That the Figures were intermixed among the Writing; and that Mr. Cla-verinr promised the Money before and on the Day of Election.

He said, that Lord Grandison was agreed at first to stand a Candidate, and they would have brought him in handsome; but, upon the Expectation of Five hundred Pounds to be distributed among them, he dropt their Interest.

William Buck, Richard Cock, Jeremiah Goodchild, Charles Carter, and Wm. Reading, gave Evidence, that they received Money for their Votes for Mr. Clavering, from Mrs. Brewer, Mr. Loftin, Mr. Herman, and Mr. Richard Lane; and that they were promised, besides, a Share of the Thousand Pounds.

Henry Williams, Thomas Pudsey, Wm. Hey croft, and John Burgess, gave Evidence, that they voted for Mr. Clavering, because they were promised an equal Share of the Thousand Pounds by Mr. Herman, Mr. Loftin, and Mr. Prat.

The fitting Member's Counsel observed, that the Evidence on behalf of the Petitioner had not proved Bribery, on the fitting Member; and alleged, that the Evidence given did not amount to a Proof of the pretended Note of the Duke of St. Albans and Mr. Clavering; and also alleged, that they should prove the Petitioner guilty of Bribery in many Circumstances: To prove which, they called

Andrew Trufi and Samuel Dowley; who gave Evidence, that they had Five Guineas each given them for their Votes Vol. 21,

for Sir John Guifi; and that John Bidet (lately dead) told him, he had Five Guineas likewise for his Vote; and that Sir John Guifi, when he few the Poll, said, it was a fair Poll, and did not object against the same: He said, Fifty-six or more, had agreed not to choose Sir John Guise: That they were of the Club, but signed no Paper: That they met, and spent their own Money: That they never heard of any Promise of a Thousand Pounds for their Votes, but were resolved to choose a new Member, because Sirjflfoi Guise and Mr. Waller had agreed, and given out, that they would keep out any body else* Andrew Trufi said, he kept a publick House; and that the Club did meet at his House in Turn, as well as others.

John Law said, that he knew one Oxland, that was an Agent for Sir John Guise; and that he gave Mark Hollis> a Neighbour of his, for a Sow and Pigs, Six Pounds, upon account of his voting for the Petitioner, though they were worth no more than One Pound Fifteen Shillings: That William Boverington told him, about a Year ago, that he had Twelve Guineas to vote for Sir John Guise, about Two Months before the Election: That he was Cryer of the Court; and that Sir John Guise said* the Election was very fair; and that Richard Hall, one of the returning Officers, told him, that Sir John Guise directed him to return the fitting Member.

John Prat said, he knew James Biggs $ Who told him, he had Nine Guineas for his Vote, of Sir John Guifi, or his Agents: That he was one of the Club, and never heard of a thou land Pounds promised by Mr. H&mdn, to return Mr. Clavering, nor never heard of such a Contract: Said, they resolved not to choose Sir John Guise> because his Tenants were hardly used by him: Said, there was a talk amongst a Parcel of Women, of a Chach-full of Money being lent down: And laid, he would take the Sacrament, that he never heard of any Money to be given for the Choice of a frefti Member: That he never was at the Club after the Election; and owned, he signed the Declaration for a fresh Member:

Which, being read, is as follows j

<c We, whose Names are here subscribed, declare to u Vote for a fresh Member, to serve us in this next Parliament." Dated nth August 1727, at Great Mar-low; and signed by Sixty Persons.

William Loftin, Esquire, gave Evidence, that he settled the Club against Sir John Guise, from some personal ill Usage he had received from Sir John: That at first they confided of about One-and-twenty Persons, and were called the Flying Squadron; afterwards they increased to about Seventy: That Lord Grandison offered to stand: That he promised him his Interest, if he would oppose Sir John Guife\ but his Lordship declined (landing: That since they had shewed their Teeth, and, upon talking with them, he found, he should have a Majority: That they promised to stand by him, and accordingly signed the Paper, as above-mentioned: That there was Talk of a Thousand Pounds to be given; but that it was never talked of in the Club, when he was present; but the First Report, he heard of it, came from Sir John Guise's House: He found, this Report encouraged his Party; and said, he did not think it his Business to un* deceive them: That they said, they would choose him, if he did not provide a Gentleman to represent them. And, being cross-examined, he said, when Mr. Ciavering came down, he was pretty much with him: That he never heard Mr. Clavering make any Promise: That Mr. Herman, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Hammond, and himfdf, met him on the Sunday before the Election: That the Election Day was the First time he heard of the Report of the Thousand Pounds Gratuity, to be given for choosing a Member: And he further said, that the Club confided of about Seventy Persons at the lead.

After which, the Counsel for the Petitioner, upon their Reply, caUed

Alexander Jones; who produced the Receipt of Andrew Troufs for Five Guineas, for Beer, and other Liquors:

6 F

Great

Marlow

Election.

And

Trade to Africa.

Prohibiting Loans to foreign States.

Committee of Privileges,

Hawkers and Pedlars.

And also another Receipt of Samuel Dowley for Five ^Guineas for Clock Cafes.

Then John Clavering, Esquire (the fitting Member) declared, that he never signed such Note, as mentioned, for a Thousand Pounds, to be given to the Club, arid never made any such Promisej nor was any such Note ever signed by the said noble Lord* as mentioned by one of the Witnesses, as he knew of: And then withdrew.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to the following Resolution:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That John Clavering, Esquire* is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Great Marlow, in the County of Bucks.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon, the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the State of the Trade to Africa.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Nathanael Curzon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Nathanael Curzon reported from the Committee, that they had made some Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that the Committee had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday next, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Trade to Africa.

The other Order of the Day, being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to prohibit any Person or iPersons, his Majesty's Subjects, or. xefiding within this Kingdom, to advance, or lend any Sum or Sums of Money to any foreign Prince, State, or Potentate, without , Licence obtained from his Majesty, under his Privy Seal, or some greater Authority.

i.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be adjourned.1

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, j° die Martii;

Anno 3* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1729.

Praters.

A PETITION of the Merchants, Landlords, Shopkeepers, and other Traders, in the City of Norwich* in behalf of themselves, and of all fair Traders in the Kingdom of England; and also,

A Petition of the Mercers, and Shopkeepers, of the Town of Corse Castle, in the County of Dorset; and also,

A Petition of the Bailiffs, Aldermen, capital Burgesses, Shopkeepers, and Tradesmen, of the Town of Cardiff\ in the County of Glamorgan, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and the Tradesmen of all the other Towns and Boroughs in the said County; Were severally presented to the House, and read $ complaining of great Decays in their Trades, occasioned by the clandestine Trade and Dealings, carried on by Hawkers, Pedlars, and petty Chapmen; and praying, that they may be luppressed, or such other Relief given against them, as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Martiit 1719.

Ordered, That the Bill For Veiling the ' Estate of Richard, late Earl of Ranelagh, in the Counties of Middlesex and Berks, in Trustees, to be sold, for the Uses therein mentioned, be now read a Second time.

The laid Bill was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. An-nejley, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Fane, Mr. Nicoly Mr. Booth, Mr. Jacomb, Sir Wm. Morgan, Sir Edward Knatchbull, Mr. Shafto, Mr. Tilfon, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Shepheard, Mr. Planter, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Tyrrel, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Metcalfe, Mr. Heathcote, Mr. Hucks, Mr. Geers, Mr. Gibson, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Dodington, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Chetzvynd, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Huxley, Mr. Kel-sally Mr. Lowther, Mr. Towers, Mr. Scrope, Mr. Conduit, Sir Charles Wager, Mr. Winnington, Sir Abraham Elton, Mr. Moor, Mr.' Br atm ton, Mr. ScoweH, Lord Morpeth, Mr. Parsons, Mr. Harley, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Crosse, Mr. Manfel, Sir Geo. Savil/e, Mr. Powlet, Mr. Martin, Mr. Cratcberodi, Mr. Wither; and all the Members, that serve for the Counties of Middlesex and Berks: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock* in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingossed Bill for making more effectual an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing and widening the Road from Sherbrook Hill, near Buxton, and Chappel in the Frith, in the County of Derby, to Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act for making more effectual an Act, passed in fheT Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First:,- for repairing and widening the Road from Sherbrook Hill, near Buxton, and Chappel in the Friths in the County of Derby, to Manchester, in the County of Lancaster.

Ordered, That Mr. Legb Master do carry the Bill to the I^ords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations do lay before this House, a Copy of their Report to her late Majesty Queen Anne, dated the Third of February 170^, relating to the African Trade; with-tire Schemes, and other Papers, annexed thereunto.

Ordered, That Henry Arthur Herbert, Esquire, have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Mr. Robert Hucks reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the District assigned to the new Church, built near Btoomf-bury Market, in the County of Middlesex, was referred; that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as follows; viz.

That the Committee met, pursuant to the Order of the House, dated the 24th Day of February last, and examined the Matter of the said Petition and, to prove the Allegations thereof, Witnesses were called; viz.

John Milner, Esquire; who acquainted the Committee, that there was a new Church built in or near Bloomsbury Market: That the said Church was finished, and in Condition to have divine Service performed therein; but that the same was not yet endowed, nor any Provision made for the Maintenance of a Minister, to officiate therein.

This Evidence was confirmed by Edward Liney; who said further, that it was the Desire of the Inhabitants of the said District, to have the said new Church consecrated; and that they were ready and willing to contribute a Sum of Money, towards making Provision for such Minister.

Mr. Jenkin Thomas Philips, Secretary to the Com-17 missioners

Earl of Rarielagh's Estate.

Sherbrook Hill, &c. Road.

Africa*

Trade.

Leave of Absence,

B loom (bury Minister and St. Giles's new Church.

Geo. II. 7° Mari482

missioners for building £0 netv Churches, produced* and laid before the Committee, an attested Copy of an Order of the said Commissioners, dated the 13th of November 1724, directing, that Mr. Hazvkfmore should lay before them a Plan of a District for the new Church in Bioomff bury: And by an attested Copy of another Order, of the 19th November following, also laid before the Committee, it appeared to them, that Mr. Hawkfmore delivered in a Plan to the said Commissioners, which was approved of, and declared, to be the District of the new-intended Parish of Bloomsbury.

And Vigerus Edwards, Esquire, produced a Deed, setting out the Plan of the District for the said new-intended Parish, duly executed, and inrolled in the Court of Chancery, the Eighth January 1724.

Then the Committee, in pursuance of an Order of Instruction to the Committee, for enquiring, why the Commissioners, for building 50 new Churches, had not rebuilt the Parish Church of St. Giles in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex> according to an Act of Parliament, passed in the Fourth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, proceeded to examine into that Matter.

That the Committee inspected the said Commissioners Books of Minutes, usually taken at their Meetings, but find no Mention made of rebuilding the said Parish Church.

That the said Mr. Philips, by Direction of the Commissioners, delivered a Paper to the Committee, containing the Reasons of the Commissioners for not having rebuilt the said Parish Church of St. Giles in the Fields; the Substance of which Reasons was, That the Commissioners had built, and finished, a Church in Bloomsbury, within the same Parish; and that they thought it their Duty to provide first for those Parishes, where Churches were most wanted.; and, in pursuance of this Rule, they had built several new Churches, repaired, and enlarged, several Chapels, and converted them into Parish Churches.

That it did not appear by any Entry in the Commissioners Books, or by any Papers in their Office, that any Application had been made to their Board for rebuilding St. Giles9s Church.

Whereupon the Committee ordered the Vestry Books of the Parish of St. Giles to be laid before them; wherein is an Order, dated the 21st Day of February 1718, directing, that Application should be made to the Commissioners, for rebuilding the said Parish Church of St. Giles: And the said Mr. Milner acquainted the Committee, that he, with other Parilliioners, had attended the then Commissioners, and desired, the said Parish Church might be rebuilt; but had in Answer from Doctor Hough (now Bishop of Worcester) who was in the Chair, to this Effe<ft, That the Commissioners did own their Obligation to rebuild the said Church; but that it was not then a fitting Opportunity, and that they should take some more convenient Time.

That by another Order of the said Vestry, made the 30th of July 1724, a Memorial was directed to be presented to the Commissioners, objecting to the DistridV assigned to the said new-intended Parish; in which Memorial Application is made, in express Words, to the Commissioners, to rebuild the said Parish Church of St. Giles.

That it further appeared to the Committee, by the Evidence of the said Mr. Milner, and Edward Liney, That the said Parish Church was in a ruinous Condition, very damp, and unwholesome, by reason it lies much lower than the Church Yard; and that the Parish ioners of the old Parish would, by this intended Division of the Parish, be utterly disabled from rebuilding, or supporting, the said old Parish Church, without some Assistance.

That Mr. Philips delivered to the Committee a List of such Churches, as were endowed, and of those, that were unendowed; one whereof is the Church in Bloomsbury.

And Nathanael Blackerby, Esquire, Treasurer to the Commissioners to the 50 new Churches, delivered in an Account of what Money was remaining in the Trea-Vol. 21.

hirer's Hands; whereby it appeared, £. 5,659. 3*. 6i: was the 27th of February last in his Hands:

And also another Account, that had been paid, as Treasurer, for the Endowment of new Churches, the S.um of £.it, coo.

That Alexander Chocke, Esquire, delivered an Account to the Committee dated the 4th of March instant, of £.65,514. 131. o\d. being the Produce of the Coal Duty from the 27th Day of September 1724, to the 28th of September 1725.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for providing a Maintenance for the Minister of the new Church near Bloomsbury Market, in the County of Middlesex; and for making more effectual an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of his late Majesty s Reign, to impower the Commissioners for building the Fifty new Churches, to direct the Parish Church of St. Giles s in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex, to be rebuilt, instead of one of the said Fifty new Churches; and that Mr. Robert Rucks, Mr. William Heath cote, Mr. Huxley, and Doctor Sayer; do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Sir Abdham Elton reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Merchants, and Traders, of the City of Bristol, was referred; that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, together with the Resolution of the Committee thereupon, to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerks Table; where the same was read; and the Report and Resolution arc as follows; viz.

That the Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, dated the 28th Day of February last, proceeded to examine the Matter of the Petition; and, to prove the Allegations of the fame, examined the following Witnesses; viz.

John Beecher and fVm. Jeffreys, Esquires; who said, that a great many Persons ad as Brokers in the City of Bristol, who have no Authority so to do: That they do frequently deceive People, that intrust them in buying and selling Goods, and, when it is for their Advantage, take the same upon their own Accounts, to the great Prejudice of the Merchants, that employ them.

And they further laid, that if a Law was made, whereby such Offenders could be punished, it would be of great Advantage to the Merchants, and the several Traders, of the City of Bristol.

And it appearing to the Committee, that the Petitioners had made good the Allegations of their Petition, the Committee came to the following Resolution; viz.

Resolveed. That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Power be given to the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common-council, of the City of Bristol, and County of the lame, to appoint Brokers, for transacting of Business within the said City and County, and for regulating die fame.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the Ht>use.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for appointing, and regulating. Brokers in the City and County of the City of Bristol; and that Sir Abraham Elton, Mr. Scrope, and Mr. Fane, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Colonel Selwyn reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, living in, and near, the Towns of Whitchurch, Andover, and the several Parishes of Worten, Dean, Overton, LaverJlock, Whitchurch, Horjborn Priors, Little Aum, and Wallops whole Names are thereunto subscribed, and also the Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, living near, and travelling through, the Road, leading from Hertford Bridge, in the County of Southampton, to the Meeting of the Counties of

Southampton

Regulatin Brokers 1 Bristol.

Hertford

Bridge

Roads.

4»4

7° — 90 Martii.

A. 1729.

Southampton and Wilts, hear to a Place, called Lobcock's Corner, being Part of the great Post Road from the City of London, to the Land's End, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, and also the Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Borough of Stockbridge, in the County of Southampton, and other Persons, living in, or near, and travelling through, the ltoad, leading from Hertford Bridge, in the said County, through Sutton, and the said Borough of Stockbridge, to the Brandy Hutt, near to the Meeting of the said Counties of Southampton and Wilts, in the Road to the City of Salisbury, and also the Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, living in, near, and travelling through, the Road, leading from the Town of Basingstoke to Sutton, in the County of Southampton, whose Names are thereunto subsc-ibed, were referred; that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said petitions, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as follows; viz.

That the Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, proceeded to examine the Matters of the several Petitions; and, to make good the Allegations thereof, examined Witnesses; viz.

Geo. Pierce; who said, that the Road from Hertford Bridge to the Meeting of the County of irand

Wilts, called Lob cock's Corner, being the Post Road, lead-

ing through Basingstoke\ Overton, Whitchurch, Andover, and several other Parishes, to the West of , is

very bad and ruinous, and the same cannot be repaired by the Laws now in being; and if much more was done to the Road by the Inhabitants of the several Parishes, wherein the said Road lies, it would not be sufficient to pur the Road into such Repair, as that Coaches and Carriages might pass and repass with Safety.

Edward Hooker, Esquire, said, that the Road from Hertford Bridge to Basingstoke is very bad, and in the Winter Season dangerous to all Passengers, although the Inhabitants of the Parishes have constantly done their Statute-work, which hath proved insufficient to amend the said Road.

John Snow, being examined, spoke as to the Road between Basingstoke and Stockbridge: That, he said, many Parts thereof is fobad in the Winter Time, that, although the Statute-work had been done in that Road, even Passengers on Horseback could not safely pass and repass.

That it appeared to the Committee, all the Roads, mentioned in the several Petitions, are in so bad a Condition, that they cannot be effectually amended, and so kept, without some other Provision be made for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Road from Hertford Bridge, leading through Basingstoke, Whitchurch, and Andover, to the Meeting of the Counties of Southampton and near a Place, called Lobcock's Comer, and also the Road from stoke to the Brandy Hutt, near to the Meeting of the said Counties, leading through Sutton and Stockbridge, to the City of Salisbury; and that Colonel , Mr.

John Chetwynd, Colonel Bladen, Mr. , and Mr.

Guidott, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Then the Counsel against, and tot, the said Bill, were called in.

And the Report was read.

And the Petition of Richard Eiennet, an InFant, of the Age of Thirteen Years, or thereabouts, by Dame Alice St. Barbe, his Guardian, was read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioner were heard t And they examined some Witnesses, and summed up their Evidence.

And the Counsel for the Bill were heard: And the Counsel for the Petitioner were heard by way of Reply.

And then the Counsel withdrew.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tuesday Morning next.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into Puoicting a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Muiinywi punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Secretary at War took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Secretary at War reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

LuntBy 90 die Martii;

Anno 3 Georgii II" Regis, 1729.

Prayers.

KlICHO LAS Lewis Well took the Oaths appointed,

in order to his Naturalization.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs, capital Hwkmaid Citizens, together with the Company of Merchants, Pedlia Grocers, Shopkeepers, and other' free Traders of the City of Carlifie, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and several others; and also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of the Borough of New Windsor, in the County of Berks, and the several Traders, and Inhabitants, of the said Borough; and also,

A Petition of the Traders, and Inhabitants of Southam, in the County of Warwick, and Parts adjacent;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; complaining of great Decays in their Trades, occasioned by the clandestine Trade and Dealings, carried on by Hawkers, Pedlars, and petty Chapmen; and praying, that they may be suppressed, or such other Relief given against them, as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Wilbeeh, The Order of the Day, for receiving the Report from kc. Rerii. the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and amending the Road between the Towns of Wisbech and March, in the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge, and for hearing Counsel against, and for, the said Bill, being read;

Mr. Shepheard reported from the Committee, to whom the said Bill was committed, that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table.

A Petition of the principal Inhabitants, and Pay- Worata matters, of the City of Worcester, was presented to the Womtoi*, House, and read; letting forth, that there is a Petition lodged in this House by the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens, of Worcester, in Counsel assembled, for altering, reviving, or repealing, an Act, made 2* Anna, for erecting a Workhouse, for setting the Poor on Work in the said City: The now Petitioners therefore pray, that the said Act, which, by reason of some unforeseen Difficulties, or Neglects, has hither proved ineffectual, may be revived, or altered, with such fresh Powers, and to such Persons, as the House shall think proper, to carry on so good a Work, as was first deligned, for the Advantage of the Inhabitants, and the Good of the Poor.

Ordered,

3 Geo. II.

9° Martii.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to chc Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Ministers, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and principal Inhabitants, of the several Parishes in the City of Worcester, also the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens, of the City of W, iti Council act'em-

bled, are referred; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Leave of

Absence.

Ordered, That Thomas Ingoldfly, Esquire, have Leave to go to the Bat A, for the Recovery of his Health.

Ball India The House being informed, that Mr. Michel!, Secre-ftg'1 tar}' to the East India Company, attended at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, a Copy of the Charter; granted by his late Majesty King William the Third to the said Company, dated the Fifth Day September, in the Tenth Year of his Reign; and also a Copy of tire Charter* granted to the said Company by his late Majesty King George the First, dated tire Twenty-fourth Day of September, in the Thirteenth Year of his Reign.

And then he withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Copies do lie upon the Table* to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Copies are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

1W* h> Ordered, That such Persons, concerned in the Trade to nc* Africa, as shall desire to be heard before the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the State of the Trade to Africa be heard, if they think fit, before the said Committee.

Lnckiwd a Petition of the honourable Dame Mary Rich, pS* Owner of Sonning Lock, Wear, and Mills, within the Counties of Oxort and Berks, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that there is a Bill dependingin the House, for reviving, and amending, an Act, 6° et 1*Wiltielmi IIP11, to prevent Exactions of the Occupiers of Locks and Wears upon the River of Thames West-ward, and for ascertaining the Rates of Water Carriage; which Bill, if it should pass into a Law, will greatly pre^ judice the Petitioner's Estate: And praying to be heard by Counsel, before the said Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for reviving and amending an Act, made in the Sixth and Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, "An Act to prevent Exactions of the " Occupiers of the Locks and Wears upon the River of " Thames Westward, and for ascertaining the Rates of " Water Carriage upon the said River," and for other Purposes therein mentioned, is committed; and that the Petitioner, if (he thinks fit, be heard by her Count'd, again (I the said Bill, before the said Committee.

A Petition of Henry Jennings, Esquire, Owner of Cetterelt % Lock, Wear, and Mills, within the County of Oxon, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that, if a Bill, depending in this House, for reviving an Act, 6° et 7* 1II1", to prevent Exactions

by the Owners of Locks and Wears upon the River of Themes Westward, should pass into a Law, it will be a great Prejudice to the Petitioner's Estate: And praying to be heard by Counsel, before the same do pals.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for reviving and amending an Act, made in the Sixth and Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, "An Act to prevent Ex-* actions of the Occupiers of the Locks and Wears upon , J the River of Thames Westward, and for ascertaining " the Rates of WaterCarriage upon the said River,"and for other Purposes therein mentioned, is committed; and that the Petitioner, if be thinks fit, be heard by his Counsel against the said Bill, before the said Committee.

A Petition of Thomas Willats, Occupied of CAversham Locks and

Lock, Wear, and Mills, within the County of was flfem presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Tlume*‘ Bill, now depending in this Hdufe, for reviving an Act;

65 et 7® Willielmi I U,‘, to prsevent Exactions of the Occupiers of Locks and Wears upon the River df Thames Wed ward, and for ascertaining the Rates of Water Carriage, will be very prejudicial to the Petitidner's Estate* if it should pass: The Petitioner therefore prays, that he may be heard by his Counsel; before the said Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to thtf CoriJr (Idcration of the Comrfiittee, to whom the Bill for reviving and amending an Act, made in the Sixth and Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, "An Act to prevent Exactions of the

Occupiers of the Locks and Wears upon the River of " Thames Westward, and for ascertaining the Rates of " Water Carriage upon the said River," and for other Purposes therein mentioned, is committed; and that the Petitioner, if he thinks fit, be heard by his Counsel against the said Bill, before the said Committee.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed, that they do admit Counsel to be heard for the said Bill* at the same time.

Mr. Alderman Perry reported from the Committee, importing to whom the Petition of several Merchants of the City of Salt into London, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf ^tw York; of his Majesty's Colony of Nezv York in America, was referred; that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, together with the Resolution of the Committee thereupon, to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read; and the Report and Refutation are as follows;

That the Committee, pursuant to the 0>der of the House, dated the 24th Day of February last, proceeded to examine the Matter of the Petition, and called the following Witnesses; viz.

Mr. Wm.Bryan, and Mr Charles Cromlake: And they,

being severally examined, said, that the Colony of Neztl York, in North America, is commodiously situated for the F.stablishment of a Fishery, there being great Quantities of BaJjj Shad, Heirine, Sardine, Sturgeon, and other kind of merchantable Fish; but that they are often in want of Salt, which is a great Hindrance to them in carrying on their Fishery; and, if the said Hland had the same Indulgence, as the Inhabitants of England and Newfoundland have, to ship and lade Salt in any Port of Europe, for their Fishery, the same would be of great Advantage to the Inhabitants thereof.

Then the Petitioners produced a Copy of a Report, made by the Corr.missioners of his Majesty's Customs to the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, wherein is the' following Paragraph: "That, for as much as there may " be a considerable Fishery on the Coast of New Torkf " we are humbly of opinion, so far as relates to the Customs, that, to prevent any Doubt, the like Liberties " may be given to carry Salt from any Part of Europe,

" for the Fisheries of New York, as have been granted to " New England, and Newfoundland, by a Clause in feme

" Act to be passed in Parliament."

And it appearing to the Committee, that the Petitioners had made good the Allegations of their Petition, the Committee came to the following llesolution;-viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee*

That it will be of great Advantage to the Trade of Great Britain, and to the Inhabitants of the Colony of Nezo York, to import Salt from any Port of Europe, for Encouragement of the Fishery there.

The said Rdislution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon* agreed unto by the House.

6 G Ordered,

1

African Forts, &c>

Supply Bill; Duties on Malt, &c.

Broad Wheels on Turnpike Roads.

486 90 Martii. A. 1729.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a B'rll ibr Carriage, bring many more Teams upon the Roads, and

importing Salt from Europe into the Colony of New York thereby raise great Sums for the Repair thereof, and assist in America; and that Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. Alder- the Tenants, by carrying at leifureTimes, in paying their man Baruard, and Mr. Dennis Bond, do prepare* and Rents, and be of great Advantage to the inland Trade, bring in, the fame. Mr. Parkin, Ironmonger, said, that, before the passing the said Act, the usual Prices, paid for carrying Ordered, That the Royal African Company do lay be- Goods from London to Birmingham, and that Part of the fore this House, the full Establishment for their several Country, was about 30J. per Ton, but hath ftnee been Ports and Castles in Africa-, with an Account of the raised to double that Price; neither are the common Number, Names, and Qualities, of the Persons, who Carriers sufficient to carry the Goods, which should be were actually upon the said Establishment the last Year, sent, so.that they frequently lie several Months in Ware-ending the 31II Day of December, 1729, and the Charges houses, for want of Carriage. '

of the fame, distinguishing, how much thereof is on And further Lid, that the Carriers have raised their Account of Trade, and how much for the Maintenance Prices frequently to 5 or 6j. per Hundred in the Win-and Defence of the said Forts and Castles. ter Time, the Increase whereof is the whole Profit, that should be got by the Dealers in heavy Iron Wares; and . A Bill for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Trade greatly prejudiced by all Persons carrying for Hire,

Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called they being obliged to have broad Wheels, and the Far-England, and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties mers, who used to carry Goods, being excluded; and, so upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of want of Land Carriage, Nails, and heavy Goods, are Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year frequently lent round by Sea, by the Rivers Severn and 1730, was read a Second time. Trent, which are generally several Months in their Passage, Resolved, That the Bill be committed. and no Dependence on the Time of their coming, and

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee thereby disappointed of their Sale .* That, were all Wag-of the whole House. gons and Carts permitted to travel, as they uled to do, it

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning would reduce the Price of Carriage, greatly advance the next-, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Tolls on the Roads, and not hurt the fame, their Teams House, upon the said Bill. ' not being strong enough to carry great Loads.

Mr. Smith, of Birmingham, Ironmonger, confirmed Mr. Alderman Barnard reported from the Committee, what Mr. Church and Mr. Parkin gave Evidence of; And to whom the Petition of several Merchants, and Traders, Mr. further said, that he is obliged to fend Goods,

whose Namesare thereunto subscribed, in behalf of them- that are to be delivered in ,first to London, for

lelves, and others, inhabiting within the City of London, want of Waggons to carry them across the Country; and Places adjacent, and also the Petition of several whereby the inland Trade is greatly injured by the afore-Gentlemen, Tradesmen, Farmers, and others, whose said Act, and cannot be followed with any Succels, unless Names arc thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, some Relief be had as to the Price of Carriage, and others, living in, or near, the Town of Birmingham, Richard Hands, Master of Birmingham Stage Coach, in the County of Warwick, and Places adjacent, were said, there was no Preservation of the Roads by uffng referred; that the Committee had examined the Matter broad Wheels; they throwing up great Mounds of Earth, of the said Petitions, none appearing upon the other Peti- and making broad Ruts, Coaches could not quarter, nor tions, from the Towns of Dudley and Leicester, and from Waggons, Pack-horses, or Saddle-horses, turn out of the Hallamshire and Sheffield, which were referred to the Com- Way, without great Difficulty and Danger, mittee; and that the Committee had directed him to And it appearing to the Committee, that the Pcti-report the Matter of the full-mentioned Petitions, as it tioners had made good the Allegations of their Petitions, appeared to them, together with the Resolution of the the Committee came to the following Resolution;

Committee thereupon, to the House: And he read the Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the That the House be moved, that Leave be given to bring Clerk's Table; where the same was read; and the Report, in a Bill to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the 5th and Resolution of the Committee, are as followeth; viz, Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for That the Committee, pursuant to the Order of the " making more effectual the several Acts passed, for re-House, dated the 25th Day of February last, pro-: " pairing and amending the Highways of this Kingdom,"

ceeded to examine the Matter of 1 he laid Petitions; as relates to the Breadth of the Streaks or Tire of Wheels, and, to prove the Allegations of the fame, Witnesses and also so much of the said Act, as restrains Carts, tra* were called; viz. veiling for Hire, to be drawn with three Horses only.

Mr. fames Church, Merchant, being examined, said. And then the First and Third Sections of the Act,

that the Act, of the 5th Year of his late Majesty, for made in the Filth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, inti-making more effectual the several Acts passed, for repair- tu\,cd,"An Act for making more effectual the several ing and amending the Highways of this Kingdom, there " Acts passed, for repairing and amending the High* is a Clause therein, relating to the Streak and Tire of all " ways of this Kingdom," were read.

Waggon and Cart Wheels, travelling for Hire, which And Mr. Alderman Barnard moved the House, pur-hat h been very prejudicial to Merchants, land Traders, suant to the Resolution of the Committee, who fend Goods into the inland Countries, Carriage Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for having been thereby raised to one Half more, than it was repealing so much of the Act, made in the Fifth Year of before the passing the said Act, the Farmers being the re- the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, inti-by excluded; and as all Carriage for Hire is now only in tuled, " An Act for making more etl'edtual the several the Hands of common Carriers, they are not sufficient to " Acts passed, for repairing and amending the Highways carry such Goods, as should be sent, but the same fre- " of this Kingdom," as relates to the Breadth of the questly lie in the Warehouses several Months, for want Streaks or Tire of Wheels, and also so much of the said of Carriage*; nor are the Wheels, directed by the said Act Act, as restrains Carts, travelling for Hire, so be drawn to be used by such, as carry for Hire, of any Advantage to with Three Horses only; and that Mr. Alderman -the Reads, but, by making wide Ruts, and throwing up nurd, Mr. Richard Plumer, Mr. Cafar, Mr. Jefop, and high Mounds of Earth on each Side, render the same very Mr. Vincent, do prepare, and bring in, the fame, difficult and dangerous for either Coaches to quarter, and

Waggons, or single Horses, to turn out of the Way: Mr. Secretary at War (according to Order) reported t>U0;(h!B?

That, if Liberty was given, for all Waggons and Carts from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Mutiny and to carry for Hire with such Weels, as they uled before Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the bet- Ddertion. the passing of the said Act, it would reduce the Price of ter payment of the Army, and their Quarters, was com-2 2 mitted,

lawns*

Divorce.

Wayi ind Means.

Disposition of the Sinking Fund, &c.

Committee of Privileges.

Locks and Wears on the Thames, &c.

3 Geo. II. 90 — -1 o° Martii. 487

uiitted, the Amendments, the Committee had made to - And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow the Bill, and which they had directed him to report Morning, Nine of the Clock,

to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and

afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in --

at the Clerk's Table; where the said Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed. pR

Martis, 1 o° Martii;

Anno 3° Georgii IIai Regisi 1729.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Light boun and Mr. Ma/bam:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have rejected the Bill, intituled, An Act todiflolve the Marriage of James , Esquire, with Rachel EJlwick, and to enable him to marry again, and

to illegitimate the spurious Child, that has been born of her since her Separation, and any other Child, which shall be born of her, and for other Purposes therein mentioned: Their Lordships have no Occasion for the Attendance of Samuel Shepheard, Esquire, a Member of

this House, as a Witness upon the said Bill.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas.

Tellers for the Noes,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

| 204.

\ *43-

And the said Order being read;

The House resolved itself into the said Comrfiittee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Turner also acquainted the House, that the Committee had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself intoa Committee of the whole House, to consider further of that Part of his Majesty's most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, which relates to the Disposition of the Sinking Fund, and the giving Ease to the Subject, where the Duties are most grievous; and nothing to intervene.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Electiofts be adjourned.

Ordered, That Mr. Lockyer, Sir Tho. Hales, Mr. , Sir Edward Knatchbull, Mr. Gyles , Mr. Griffith,

Mr. Earle, Mr. Foley, Mr. Howard, Mr. Cornwall, Sir Robert Rich, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for reviving, and amending, an Act, made in the Sixth and Seventh Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, "An Act to prevent " Exact ions of the Occupiers of Locks and Wears upon "the River of Thames Westward, and for.ascertaining "the Rates of Water Carriage upon the said River," is committed.

Vol. 21.

MAJOR Selwynprefen ted to the House (according Poor Law*.

to Order) a Bill for amending the Laws, relating to the Settlement of the Poor; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill (or naturalizing Nicholas Lewis Well, was read Well'» Nat. aSecondtime.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Orlebar,

Sir Char lei Turned, Mr. Metcalf, Mr. Rowney, Mr.

Dodington, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Hedges, Mr. Mr.

Harley, Mr. Bvng, Mr. Hucks, Mr. , Sir

Richard Ellis, Mr. Turner, Lord Colerain, Sir Edward Knatchbull, Mr. Burton, Sir Nath. Curzon, Mr. Goulds Mr. Pelham, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Towers, Mr, Vane, Mr.

Oglethorpe, Sir Edmund Bacon, Sir John Dutton, Mr.

Saudys, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Booth, Mr. Huxley, Mr.

Phillips, Mr. Moore, Sir John Barrington, Sir Rowland Alflon, Mr. Tufnell, Mr. Crisp, Mr. , Mr. Lawson,

Mr. Clavering, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Shepheard, Mr. St.

John, Mr. Jewkes, Sir Nicholas Williams, Mr. Sevan,

Mr. Copleston, Mr. Whitworth, Mr Sir Richard

Lane:And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

v '

A Bill for repairing several Roads leading into the Bridjgew*t«t Town of Bridgewater, in the County of was Ro *'

read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dodington, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Orlebar, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Sir Tho. Lyttelton, Sir Tho. Ha/es, Mr.

Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Metcalfe, Mr. Compton, Mr. Bromley,

Sir Tho. Sebright, Mr. Crowle, Mr. Townffield, Mr.

Sevan, Sir Geo Saunders, Sir Halfwell Tynt, Mr. Luttrell, Mr. King, Mr. Legh Master, Mr. Vincent, Sir Edward Knatchbull, Mr. Towers, Lord Colerain, Mr.

Campbell, Mr. Hales, Mr Bacon, Sir James Campbell, Sir Nathanael Curzon; and all the Members, that lerve for the Counties of Somerset, Dorset, and And they

are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, tn the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Hominghold for the inclosing and dividing the common Fields, and Inololure. common Grounds, in the Parish of Hominghold, in the County of Leicester, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bond,

Mr. Orlebar, Sir Nath. Curzon, Mr. Bacon, Mr.

ville, Mr. Metcalfe, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Dodington, Sir

Edmund Bacon, Mr. Hedges, Sir Edward Knatchbull, Mr.

Alderman Barnard, Mr. Longueville, Lord Colerain, Sir Geo.Saunders, Mr. Earle, Mr. Whittington, Sir Clobery Noel, Mr. Shippen, Mr. Selwyn, Sir St. Mr.

Conduitt, Mr. Alderman Child, Sir James Nr. Whitworth, Mr. Pat fans, Sir Adolphus Oughton, Mr.

Offley, Sir Abra. Elton, Sir JermytDavers, Sir John Rufhout, Mr. Oglethorpe, Sir Edward Stanley, Mr. Wither,

Sir Tho. Lowther, Mr. Heathcote, Mr. Mr.

Hacks, Mr. Baron Birch, Mr. Annesley, Mr. Brudenell,

Mr. Powlet, Mr. Burrard, Mr. Shuttleworth, Sir Tho.

Hales, Sir Robert Mnnro, Mr. Shepheard, Mr. Bromley,

Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Cunningham, Mr. Perrot, Mr. Guidott,

Mr. Ailing ton, Mr. Lyjler; and all the Members, that

lerve for the Counties of Leicester) Rutland, and Northampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered,

Lttrtof

Absence*

Woodwork* Ac. Roads.

Regulating Ek&tonb m Norwich*

pydby's

forfeited

fc&atfs.

Vorthaentoa

Road.

488

Ordered That Henry Drax, Esquire, have Leave of go into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Thomas Morgan, Esquire, have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Oocaiions.

A Bill for repairing and amending the several Roads leading from Woodfiock, through and

to Rollrigkt Lane, and from EnJJow Bridge to Keddington, aforesaid, in the County of Oxon was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Rowney, Mr. Glanville, Mr. Metcalfe, Mr. Bacon, Sir Nathanael

Curzon, Mr. Earle, Mr. Winningto Sir Edward bu/l, Mr. Oglethorpe, Sir Geo. Saunders, Sir Clobery Noel, Mr. Batkurst, Mr. Annejly, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Per rot,

Mr. Selwyn, Sir Richard Lane, Mr. Martin, Sir

hie, Mr. Lacon Child, Lord Mr. Waller, Mr.

How, Mr. Coppleston, Mr. T Mr. Hedworth, Mr. Edgcumbe, Mr. Bramfion, Lord Gage, Mr. Towers, Mr. Norris, Mr. Geers, Mr. Compton, Mr. Fox, Mr. Lnitrtll, Mr. Hueks, Mr. Master, Mr. Lyfler; and all the Members, that serve for the Counties of Oxford, Worthier, Gloucester, and Wa: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Waller Bacon presented to the House (according to Order) a Bill for the better regulating Elections in the City of Norwich, and for preserving the Peace, good Order, and Government, of the said City; and the same Ivas received, and read the First time.

Refotved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Winnington presented to the House (according to Order) a Bill for Relief of Dame Elizabeth Dudley, and her Ifl'ue, relating to an Estate in the County of Wicklow, and Kingdom of Ireland, forfeited to the Crown, during the Life of William her great

Uncle i and the same was received, and read the First. time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Compton reported" from the Committee, to whom

the Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, living near, and travelling through, the Road leading from the West Bridge, in the Town of Northampton, to the Blue Boar Inn, about a Mile beyond Hill Moreton in the County of Warwick, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as follows;

That the Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, proceeded to examine the Matter of the Petition; and, to prove the Allegations thereof, Witnesses were called; viz.

John Lucas, Tho. Cole, Tho, Blether, and Walter

Leicester-,who were severally examined, and said, the Road leading from West Bridge, in the Town of Northampton, to the Blue Boar Inn, beyond HUl Moreton, in the County of Warwick, about Four Miles, during the Winter Season, is very ruinous and bad, and feme Places are impafiable for Coaches and Carriages; and that, by reason of the Badnef's of the Road, several Pirfons have been obliged to go over private Grounds with their Coaches and Carriages.

Parker Plain, being examined, confirmed the Evidence of the other YV itnesses; and added, that the said Road is so bad, that the Chester and other Coaches are obliged to travel with Ten Horses.

John Lucas, Parker Philv, and Mr. Thomas Cole, being further tXimined# laid, the Inhabitants of the several Parishes, through which the Road leads, are not able to amend the fasttc by the ordinary Cotirfe of the Laws now in force; and that it will require a considerable Sum of

1729.

Money to put the said Road into such Repair, as that Passengers may travel through the same with Safety.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Road from the West Bridge, in the Town of Northampton, to the Blue Boar Inn, beyond -

ton, in the County of Warwick; and that Mr. Compton,

Sir Justinian If am, Mr. Cartwright, and Mr. Digby, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Oglethorpe, from the Committee, appointed to Enquiry into enquire into the State of the Gaols of this Kingdom, the Sute°f acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Ga0 ‘ Committee to move the House, that they may have Power to examine any Persons, they shall think fit, in the most solemn Manner.

Ordered, That the said Committee be impowered to examine any Persons, they shall think fit, in the most solemn Manner.

Ordered, That the royal African Company, do lay be* Africa# fore this House, the Deed of Ingraftmebt between the said Coo.p>r.y, Company and the new Proprietors, dated in April, 1720.

Sir Charles Turner (according to Order) reported from ^T* the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was *n<1 ari' referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions, they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are as followeth; viz.

1, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the present Annuity, or yearly Fund, of One hundred and Sixty thousand Pounds, payable to the East India Company, in respect to their capital Stock, or Debt from the Publick, of Three Millions and Two hundred thousand Pounds, be, from and after the Twenty-ninth Day of September, One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty, reduced to an Annuity, or yearly Fund, of One hundred and Twenty-eight thousand Pounds, redeemable by Parliament, on One Year's Notice, after the Fiye-and-twemieth Day of March, One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-six, and on Payment to them of their said whole capital Debt ip one intire Payment, or on Payments from time to time, on fuel) Notices, as aforesaid, of any SumorSums, notlefsthanFivehundred thousand Pounds at a time, in Part thereof, till the whole be completed.

1. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the East India Company do and shall pay and advance into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, on or before the Twenty-fourth Day of , One thousand

Seven hundred and Thirty, the Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds without any Interest, or Addition to their capital Stock, or Debt, for the fame, to be applied towards the Supplies, granted to his Majesty, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty.

3. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That in Consideration of the Content and Agreement of the East India Company to reduce their present Annuity, or Fund, and to advance and pay into the Exchequer the Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds fertile Ule of the Publick, and to subject their Right, or Claim, to the whole and folc Trade to the East Indies, exclusive of all others, to be redeemable and determinable by Parliament, that all former Grants, made to them by any Act or Acts of Parliament, or any Charter or Charters, granted in pursuance thereof, of any Right or Title to be and conunut a Corporation, for trading to the East Indies with a joint Stock, and to hold and enjoy the whole and foie Trade to th tEast Indies, exclusive of all others, for ever, be

ratified and confirmed to them, freed and dischargpdfrom all former Provisoes, or Powers of Redemption, subject nevertheless to a new Provilb, or Power, for Parliament to determine their Right or Interest in the whole and foie Trade to the East Indies, exclusive of ail others, upon Three Years Notice alter the Twenty-fifth Day of March,

1766, and Repayment of their whole capital Stock, or Debt from the Publick, of Three millions and Two

hundred

iO° Martii.

Papen

respetfing

Jamaica.

African Forts, *c.

Cardigan

Electiun.

3 Geo. II.

hundred thousand Pound*, in case the same shall not have been before paid off, but so, as such Determination of their Right and fnterest in the said whole or foie Trade, exclusive of all others, shall not extend to determine their Corporation, or their Right or Power, in that Capacity, to carry on a free Trade to thsRaft Indies with their own joint Stock, in common with any other Traders to those Parts.

4. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to his Majesty, a Sum, not exceeding Five hundred and Fifty thousand Pounds, be raised by Exchequer Bills, to be circulated and exchanged at a Rate, not exceeding Three Pounds per Cent, per Annum for Premium and Interest, to be cancelled and discharged out of the first Aids or Supplies to be granted in the next Session of Parliament, and in the mean time tobe charged on the Savings by the Reduction of the Annuity, or Fund, belonging to the East India Company.

The First and Second of the said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Third Resolution being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Resolution be re-committed;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the said Resolution was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The last Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolutions; and that Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Clayton, Sir George Oxen-den, Mr sDodington, Mr. Set ope, Mr. Tilfon, Mr. Ketfall, and Mr. Jacomb, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that Copies of the Letters written by the Secretary of State to the Governor of Jamaica, relating to any Design of the Spaniards upon that Island last Summer, with his Answers thereto, and also Copies of any Petitions or Representauons of the Merchants, relating to the Embargo, laid upon all Shipping in the said llland, and of the Orders, sent to the Governor thereon, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

The House being informed, that Mr. Lynn, Secretary to the Royal African Company, attended at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, The Royal African Company's full Establishment for their several Forts and Castles in Africa , with an Account of the Number, Names, and Qualities, of the Persons, who were actually upon the said Establishment the last Year, ending the 31st Day of December' 1729, and the Charges of the fame, distinguishing, how much thereof is on Account of Trade, and how much for the Maintenance and Defence of the said Forts and Castles.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Pkper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Establishment is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed, that Mr. Robert Brifcoe, the Messenger attending the great Seal, Thomas Price, Esquire, late Mayor of the Borough of Cardigan, in the County of Cardigan, and the Person, who was High Sheriff of the said County at the Time of issuing the Writ, which was made out in the last Session, for the electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said

Vo t. SI.

489-

Borough, in the room of Francis Cornwallis, Esquire, deceased, attended at the Door, according to Order;

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown <Jo attend this House immediately with the Return of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament fox the Town of Cardigan in the County of Cardigan, in the room of Francis Corn wallis, Esquire deceased.

And the Clerk of the Crown attending with the said-Return accordingly;

The Dates of the Writ, the Sheriff's Precept, and the Return, were read.

And the said other Persons, who were ordered to attend, were severally called in, and examined at the Bar; as was also John Bradshaw.

And then they were directed to withdraw.

The Order being read, for the House to resolve itself Limehouf# into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for making the Hamlet of Limehouse, and Part of the Hamlet of Ratcliffe, in the Parish of St. Dnnftan Stebonheathy alias Stepney, in the County of Middlesex, adiftinCl Parish, and for providing a Maintenance for the Minister of the new Church there;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said BilL

The Order being read, for the House to resolve itself State of th* into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further Nation, of the State of the Nation;

Ordered, That the Copies of the several Papers, relating to the llland of Lucia, copied from the Books in the Plantation Office* and which were presented to this House upon the Twenty-fifth Day of February last, from the Corrrmissioners for Trade and Plantations, pursuant to the Address of this House to his Majesty, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Edgcumb took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

And the other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Report Wifoecb, from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing &c* Roa<k* and amending the Road between the Towns of IViJbecn and March, in the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge, was committed, be further adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock:.

Mercurii, 11° die Martii;

Anno 30 Georgii IIdl Regis, 1729.

Prayers.

AP ETITIO N of the Mayor, Aldermen, and prin- linkers and cipal Inhabitants, of the Borough of Uelfton9 in the County of Cornwall; and also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Shopkeepers, and other Tradesmen of the Borough of New Malton, in the County of York,

Were severally presented to the House and read; complaining of great Decays in their Trades, occasioned by the clandestine Trade and Dealings, carried on by Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen; and praying, that they may be suppressed, or such other Relief given against them, as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

The House-being informed, that Mr. Chocke, from the Publick Exchequer, attended at the Door, he was called in, and, fund*.

6 H at

io° — 11° Martii.

49°

at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account, shewing what publick Funds are now in being, how far they are incumbered, and what are, or are not, appropriated to the Sinking Fund.

A. 1729.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is contained in the Sheet of Paper annexed.

ii° Ma

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled:

An ACCOUNT, shewing what publick Funds are now in being, how far they are incumbered, and what are,

or are not, appropriated to the Sinking Fund.

yd per Barrel Excise, for 99 Years, to pay Annuities A* 1693

4'" yd. per Barrel Excise, for Annuities 1694 -

£.3,700. per Week Excise, for Annuities 1704, and yd. per Barrel Excise Ton. since 8th Mar.

Duty on Sweets - -

Duty on Paper since 31st 17x0 Low Wines since 23d June 1710 Hawkers and Pedlars

1705 " for Annuities

1706

for Annuities 1707

12 -

SU£«L'Y Jr,£Ta‘ 1.707"dS ?ra"ted } fOT A" Act ^o8

for Annuities, 2d Act 1708 - 7 for Annuities £.9. Cent. 7 -5 1710 - - - 5

| for Lottery Annuities 1710 -Jfor the East India Company -

4 Subsidy since 31st July 17 Duty on Pepper Additional 3d Excise New Duty on Coals -Additional Duty, on Houses 4"" Excise, for the Bank 28 d. per Bushel Salt Additional Duty on Paper

per Ann. 118,087 16 2

30,384 6 5

128,039 if 9 ,

IS3>5*5 1 6

59,680 l8 2

r '

4 7 66,452 9 3

5L739 *7 9

99.938 3 l°i

100,000 -

160,000 ——

c

D

fa

w

eu

a

bfi

h£>

TJ

C

3

*< 55 ' c

<u

:o-

Duty on Houses ——

4*' Ton. since 8 Mar. 1711 -

4 Subsidy since 31st July 1714 ——

Surplus of the other Subsidies, for Annuities, 2d Act 1708 Moiety of the Duty on Coffee since 24th June 1724 D* of the Duty on Tea since D°

Duty on Chocolate since D* - -

Duty on Hops since ift August 1715 -

£ 25. per Ton French Wines imported - "1 247 626 10

£. 15. per Cent. East India wrought Silks -

New Duty on Spices and Pictures -Additional Duty on D9 and white Callico - -

Plantation Duties -

Surplus of 99 Years Excise, for paying Annuities Surplus of 4th* Excise -

Surplus of Annuities 1706, 1707, and the first Act 1708 Surplus of 4°" Excise, for the Bank -

AH publick Moneys afeer Michaelmas 1715, not appropriated -

New Duty on Coals since 8th Mar. 1710 -

Duty on Goods exported since D* -

Duty on Candles since 25th Mar. 1711 Duty on Hides - -

Duty on Paper, Cards and Dice -£.700. per Week Letter Money -Duty on Rock Salt - -

Hackney Coaches ——

Hackney Chairs ——

Duty on Soap - -- - 10

Duty on Pamphlets, and stampt Papers -

Duty on Wire and Starch ——

Additional Duty on Hides ——

Additional Duty on Hides, Starch, aiyl Drugs -Policies of Insurance ——

Moiety of the Duty on Coffee since 24th June 1724 -

D° of the Duty on Tea since D* ——

£-39.855.17 S' 6d. per Annum, taken out of^.3,700. per Week Excise, for the Bankers Annuities ——

-I

Surplus of this Fund is appropriated to the Sinking Fund.

Surplus of this Fund isappropria- ted to the Sinking Fund.

c

g-o.

O G

0 3

Co

1

Wines, idc. since 31st July 1706 Tobacco, D* - -

East India Goods, D*

I Additional Duty on Whale-fins ' Additional Impositions Duty on Salt since 31st July 1706 Duty on Candles since ift May 1715 Duty on Apprentices since D*

408,000 —

C Surplus of this

__ \ Fund isappropria-

) ted to the Sinking Fund.

Unrated

Trade from Dunkirk.

Chatham, frc. Roads.

3 Geo. II.

i° Mar

subscribed to

Unrated Goods imported, and undervalued, i i» Georg. Prim. Hereditary and temporary Excise, for Lottery 1713, subscribed to the South Sea Company - -

New Du|m Coals'exported Annuitta, '7 >4, subseri

Additional Duty on Soap -) D < and for the Banlt of Duty on wrought Plate, for Annuities 1720 -

Duty on Coals since 25th Mar. 1719, for Annuities 1728 Coinage Duty -

Malt Tax "jto Pay Loans and Exchequer Bills

Duty on Victuallers, for Exchequer Bills, to discharge £.482,700 Duty on Apples imported - -

Duty on compound Liquors - -

Licence Money for retailing compound Liquors Forfeitures on D° - - .

-1

Per Annum

18,599 12 — 106,158 16 —

12,480 ——

70.000 — —

15.000 ——

-:1

491;

Sinking Fund.

f For Disposition (.by Parliament.

Note: The Charge for Necessaries, payable to the Ulher of the Receipt of Exchequer out of several of the above-mentioned Funds by Acts of Parliament, being variable, cannot be ascertained.

Exchequer, nth Day of Mar. 1729.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House being informed, that a Person from the Commissioners of the Customs attended at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Older,

A Lift of the Names of all Ships from , with the Tonage thereof respectively, the Mailers Names, and the Time, when they made their Reports at the Custom-house, London, for Three Years, ending at 1729; and also,

An Account of the Number of Pieces, and half Pieces, of Cambricks, imported from Dunkirk into the Port of London for Three Years, ending at Christmas hft, distinguishing each Year, and under what Denomination of Cambricks the Duties were paid lor the same respectively j and also,

An Account of the Quantity of Brandies, imported from Dunkirk to the Port of London for Three Years, ending at Christmas last, distinguishing each Year, and

under what Denomination of Brandy the Duties were paid for the same respectively.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Lift and Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Lift and Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House, The said Lift and Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Sir Robert Furnefe reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Kent, at their General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, holden at the old Castle of Canterbury, in and for the Eastern Parts of the said County of Kent, on Tuesday, the Fourteenth Day of January, Anno Domini 1728, and of the Grand Jury of the same Sessions, and the several Inhabitants of the several Parishes of Chatham Gillingham, Raynham, Upchurch, Haljlozv, Newington, Bobbin, Borden, Milton, Sittingborne,

Bapchild, Tong, Tenham, Linkjled, Norton, Stone, Ojpring, Feversham, Preston, Bought on fupter Bleane, down, and St. Dunstan' % , and also the Petition of the Mayor, Jurats, Commoners, Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other principal Inhabitants, of the Town and Port of Dover, and also of the several Parishes of Charlton, Buck-land, Ewell, River, Lydden, Wooten, and Barham, in the said County, lying in the direct straight Way from the said Town and Port of Dover towards London, and also the Petition of the Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, Common council-men, and other Inhabitants, of the City and County of Canterbury, and also of divers Gentlemen Vot. 21

Alexander Chocke.

and Clergy of the County of Kent, and of the Farmers and Occupiers of Lands and Tenements near the Highway and lloadsi leading from the said City to the I fie of Thantt, in the said County of Kent, and Places adjacent, and also the Petition of fevetal Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Land-owners, Freeholders, Farmers, and Occupiers of Lands, and Inhabitants, of the several Parishes of East Greenwich, LewijChar let on, Eltham, Woolwich, Plumjlreet, East Wickham, Bexley, Cra\J'ord,

Dertjord, Stone, Swanjcombe, and Northflect, in the County o tKent, and others, passing, repassing, and using, the great Road, leading from London towards Can-

terbury and Dover, were referred; that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table where the tame was read, as is as follows;

That the Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, proceeded to examine the Matter of the Petitions, and find the same to be as follows} viz.

Upon the first-mentioned Petition,

Major Dawes, Samuel Goodjon, Nicholas Spurgeon, Thomas Smith, Isaac Kemp, and others, being severally examined, said, that the Road, leading from the Town of Chatham to St. Duncan's, in the City of Canterbury, in the County of Kent, is about 25 Miles in Length, and many Parts thereof very narrow, deep, and dangerous for Carts and Carriages to pass through the fiimc; and, not-wwithstanding the Inhabitants of the several Parishes, mentioned in that Petition, through which the said Road leads, have constantly done their Statute-work, and also raised full Six Pence in the Pound yearly by Assessments, and likewise applied One hundred Pounds Annum, granted by an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of his late Majesty's Reign, for enlarging the Term granted by an Act, made in the Tenth Year of her late Majesty's Reign, for amending and maintaining the Road between NortlJleett Gravesend, and Rochester, in the County of Kent, and for explaining the same Act, and for appropriating Part of the Money, arising the reby, towards repairing the Road between the Town of Chatham and Boughton under the Bleatt, in the said County of yet the said Road in the Winter Sealon is in such a ruinous Condition, that it is dangerous for-Traveller to pals and repass; and, if the Inhabitants of the'Parishes, wherein the Road lies, were to do, and raile, much more, than they are required by Law to do, and to raile, and wholly neglect the By roads in the said Parishes, the Road, deltred to be repaired, would not be sufficiently amended, and kept repaired in the Winter-time; so it is impossible, that the Inhabitants, notwithstanding the One hundred Pounds per Annum, granted, as aforesaid, should keep this Road in lb good

Repair,

49*

110 Mar Hi.

A. 1729.

Repair, as that Passengers might'pass and repass commodiously, without some further Provision be made for amending the said Road.

Upon the second-mentioned Petition.

Mr. Pibus, Mr. Wellard, Phineas Stranger, and others, were severally examined, and said, that the Road from Parham Downes to Dover Town's End is in the Winter Season very^bad, and dangerous for Carts and other Carriages, travelling through the fame, being deep and narrow; and, although the Inhabitants of the Parishes, wherein the Road lies, have done the Statute-work, and applied £.20. out of the County Stock, appropriated for that Purpose, and £ 10. given by the Dean and Chapter of Canterbury, and other Moneys, raised by Contribution, yet the fame, which hath been duly applied towards repairing the said Road, has proved ineffectual to put the Road into good Repair; and the Inhabitants of the Parishes, through which that Road lies, are so poor, that they are not able to do more, than has been done; and, unless some Assistance be given by Parliament, for repairing this Road, it will be impofGble for Carts and other Carriages to pass and repass through the same in the Winter Season, without Danger.

Upon the Third Petition,

John Derm and Richard Hollenbury, being examined, said, that the Road from a Place, called the Red Pump, in the said City of Canterbury, to Sturrey Bridge, about Two Miles in Length, and Part of the Road to thelfle of Thanet, is in so ruinous a Condition, that Carts and other Carriages can't travel through the fame, notwithstanding the Statute-work has been constantly done, and Six Pence in the Pound raised for 20 Years past, and duly applied towards repairing the fame.

The Witnesses further said, that about a Quarter of a Mile of the last mentioned Road, viz. from the said Red Pump to the Archbishop's Palace, is extraparochial; and that several Sums of Money have been given by the Dean and Chapter of Canterbury towards repairing and amending the same, but that has not been sufficient for that Purpose.

Then the Committee proceeded to examine the Matter of the Fourth Petition, which was referred to the Committee the 28th of February last, praying, that Provision may be made in the said Bill, whereby the ^.ico. per Annum, given towards the Repairs of the Road from Chatham to Bought on under Blean, may be given and appropriated towards the repairing, widening, and amending, of the great Road between the Lime-kilns at East Greenwich, and Northflcet, and the Witnesses following were called; viz.

John Baldwin and Jacob Watson, of Eltham, John Quelch, of Woolwich, John Brazier, of East Wickham, Thomas Hendrick, of Bexley, and Wm. Tnlkey, of Swaikf-comb, who live in the several Parishes, through which the Road, mentioned in the Petition, leads, being severally examined, said, that the Road is very bad: And being asked, whether the Inhabitants had done' their Statute-work upon the Road, and made any Six-pence Assessments, for railing Money to repair the same; answered, that the Inhabitants of the Parishes had not all performed their Statute-work, nor any Six-pence Assessments made in any of the Parishes, for amending the said Road.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for* repairing; and widening the Road from that Part of Chatham, which lies next to the City of Rochester, to St. Dun-Jlaris Cross, near the City of Canterbury, in the County of Kent; and that Sir Robert Furnefe, Sir Roger Meredith, Sir Thomas Hales, Sir George Oxenden, and Sir Edward Knatchbully do prepare and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That William AElon, Esquire, have Leave Leaveoi to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Absence. Occasions.

Ordered, That James Hojie, Esquire, have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee Privileges and Elections, upon the Petition of the Magistrates, Town Council, and Clerk, of Wigtown, be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

of Wigtown, &c.Election.

Mr. Jacomb, Deputy Paymaster of his Majesty's Land Forces, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

A particular and distinct Account of the Amount of p0Undage the Money, deducted on the Head of Poundage, and deduced Day's Pay, from his Majesty's Land Forces, for Seven £om Army Years last past, and how the same has been applied, Pay* distinguishing each Year; and also,

A particular and distinct: Account of the Amount of Army Con-the Money, granted for Contingencies of the Army, for tingencies. Seven Years last past, and how the same has been applied, distinguishing each Year.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Accounts (being a Book) are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Deptford new Church Minister's Maintenance

Sir Roger Meredith presented to the House (according to Order) a Bill for providing a Maintenance for a Mi-nifterof the Parish Church of St. Nicholas) Deptford, in the Counties of Kent and Surrey, and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Pelham, of Lewes, reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, and other the Inhabitants, of the Towns of Lewesy Seaford, Brighthelme-Jlony Newhaven, and Places adjacent, in the County of Sussex, was referred; that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as follows; viz.

That the Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, bearing Date the 24th of February last, proceeded to examine the Matter of the said Petition; and to prove the Allegations thereof,

Captain Richard Lemon was called, and examined; who said, that he had known Newhaven Fifty Years, and upwards; and that there was a Timber Pier standing, when he first knew the Place, and so continued for about Thirteen Years after; and, during that Time, there was a good and safe Harbour, for the Reception of Ships of a considerable Burthen, which was very useful, and of great Advantage to Merchants Ships and Vessels, in order to carry Corn Coastways, and exporting the same into foreign Parts; and likewise would be very useful for conveying of Timber into his Majesty's Docks and Yards, great Quantities whereof are annually sent thither:

That, for want of some Provision to maintain and keep up the said Pier, the same is intirely gone to Decay, and the Harbour is become very bad; and the Mouth of it being stopped up, causes the Water to run into the Sea a great way to the Eastward of the Pier, to the great Damage of the Harbour, and Prejudice to the Merchants, and Persons living the reabouts.

Ben. Court, Gabriel Eyres, and Benjamin Swaine, being severally examined, said, that they had known this Harbour for several Years past, and have frequently seen Ships and Vessels (hut up and confined therein for several Months, by reason the Mouth thereof was stopped up, that the Ships and Vessels could not lall out, till the Mouth of the Harbour had been dug up, and opened.

Benjamin Swaine gave further Evidence, that he once knew the Price of Coals advanced from Two-and-twenty Shillings to Forty-five Shillings per Chaldron, by reason of the Harbour being intirely stopped up.

John Reynolds, an Engineer, laid, that he had viewed the Harbour and Pier; and that the same may be repaired, and made useful, for between Two and Three thousand

Pounds

Newbavea

Harbour.

3 Geo. II.

Pounds; and when put into'a good Condition, will be capable of receiving such Ships, as will draw Eighteen or Twenty Foot of Water, and will prevent the many Wrecks, that have frequently happened, and be a very useful and safe Port in time of War, and be of great Advantage to the Merchants, and Inhabitants, of the several Towns and Places, which lie near the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for restoring, and rebuilding, the Haven and Pier of New-haven, in the County of Sussex; and that Mr, Pelham of Lewes, Mr. Pelham of Stanmore, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Butler, Sir William Gage, and Mr. Attorney-general, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Malt and Ordered\ That the Commissioners of Excise do lay

Land Tax. before this House, an Account of the gross and net Produce of the Duties on Malt for the Years 1727 and 1728, and what Arrears are now (landing out, distm-guishing each Year.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account of what Moneys have been received at the Exchequer for the Land Tax for the Years 1727 and 1728, distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account of what Sums of Money remain in the Exchequer on account of the Arrears of former Land and Malt Taxes,

493

Port of Dublin to that of Hoiyhead\ and cither English and foreign Ports, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, that the Light-house, erected upon the dange-rousRock, called th zSkerries, near Holy head, in the Channel between Great Britain and Ireland, is of great Use and Service to Navigation in general, but cannot Be longer supported, as they apprehend, without the Aid of Parliament, the Duties, for maintaining the fame, not answef-ing the Expence thereof: And therefore, for the Preservation of his Majesty's Subjects, trading between Great Britain and Ireland, the Encouragement of Commerce, and the Increaleof his Majesty's Revenues, the Petitioners pray the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant such Relief therein, as shall be thought necessary, for the supporting and maintaining so useful and beneficial a Light, to Perpetuity.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Cori* sideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of RuthTrench, Widow, and Others, and also the Petition of the Merchants, owners, and Commanders of Ships, belonging to the City of London, trading from thence to Dublin, Chester, Liverpoole, and other Places, and also the Petition of the Merchants, Owners and Commanders of Ships, belonging to the Town of Beaumaris, in behalf of themselves, and others, trading to Ireland, and other foreign and domestick Ports, are referred; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

11° Martii.

Recovery of A Petition of the Corporation of Cursitors of the Small Debts, high Court of Chancery was presented to the House, and read; alleging, that by Usage time immemorial. Incorporation by Queen Elizabeth, and Grants from the / Crown, the Cursitors, who have their Offices for Life, are entitled to the foie making out all original Writs, and Writs of Summons in the Nature of original Writs, of which Nature are the civil Bills, and Summons thereupon, mentioned in the Bill depending before this House, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts; and prayiifg, that Regard may be had to the Preservation of their ancient Rights and Freeholds, and, in case the said Bill should oafs, that the Cursitors, for the Time being, in their respective Counties, by themselves, or Deputies at their Nomination, residing in the said Counties, and conforming in all respects to the Tenor and Meaning of the Bill, may be appointed to make out the Summons, which, they apprehend, are in the nature of their original Writs, and all the Process subsequent thereupon, or have such other relief, as to the House shall seem just and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Filazers of his Majesty's Court of Common Pleas at Westminster was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that the Filazers are ancient Officers for Life, and, in right of their Offices, they make out the mesne Proceisof that Court, and enter the Appearances of Defendanis, at a very small Charge, and have never been guilty of any Misdemeanor; but, if the Method, proposed by the Bill depending in this House, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, takes place, the Profits of their Offices will not answer the Expence of the due Execution of them: And therefore, relying upon the Justice of the House, to continue them the full Enjoyment of their Offices, or make them some reasonable Satisfaction for the Loss they willsustain by the said Bill, they pray, they may be heard by their Count'd, and be relieved, by being made Clerks of the civil Bills in their respective Counties, or otherwise, as to the House shall teem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, be read a Second Time.

Skerries A Petition of the Commanders of his Majesty'sPacquet-Light-house, boats, m behalf of themselves, and others, (ailing from the Vol, 31.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. John Bennet and Mr. Lighthoun:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Lord veiling the Manor of Okeley, and other Lands, in the Cadogan's County of Bucks, in Trust for Charles Lord Cadogan, state*

and his Heirs, and for settling other Land, of equal Value, in the Counties of Oxon and Berks, to the same Uses, in lieu thereof; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence f this House:

And also, the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act East Wellow for inclosing Part of the Wade or Corrimon, called East Inclosure, Wellow Common, belonging to the Manor and Tything of East Wellow, in the County of Southampton, and for veiling a Certain annual Rent-charge in Trustees, for the Benefit of the Poor of the Tything of East Wellow, aforesaid, for ever; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Secretary at War reported to the House, that their Answerfo Address, of Yesterday, That his Majesty would be gra- Address. ciously pleased to give Directions, that Copies of the Letters written by the Secretary of State to the Governor of Jamaica, relating to any Design of the Spaniards upon that Island iaft Summer, with his Answers thereto, and also Copies of any Petitions or Representations of the Merchants, relating to the Imbargo, laid upon all Shipping in the said Island, and the Orders sent to the Governor thereon, might be laid before this House, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he will give Directions, that Copies of the several Letters and Papers, desired by the said Address, be laid before this House.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Lord for veiling the Manor of Okeley, and other Lands, in the Cadogan'* County of Bucks, in Trust for Charles Lord Cadogan, and his Heirs, and for settling other Lands, of equal Value, in the Counties of Oxon and Berks, to the same Uses, in lieu thereof, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Weilo* for inclosing Part of the Wade, or Common, called East nc 0 m' Wellow Common, belonging to the Manor and Tything of East Wellow, in the County of Southampton, and for veiling a certain annual Rent-charge in Trustees, for the 61 Benefit

494 ii° — i tfMartii. A. 1729.

Benefit of the Poor of the T ything of Eq/t Wallow afore -laid, for ever, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Disposition The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a the S'nking Committee of the whole House, to consider further of ® un ' *c" that Part of his Majesty's most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, which relates to the Disposition of the Sinking Fund, and the giving Ease to the Subject, where the Duties are most grievous.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred* and that the Committee had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of that Part of his Majesty's most gracious Speech tobothHouses of Parliament, which relates to the Disposition of the Sinking Fund, and the giving Ease to the Subject, where the Duties are most grievous.

The other Orders of the Day being read*

Recovery of Ordered, That the Bill for the more easy and speedy Small Debt*. Recovery of small Debts, be read a Second time upon Friday Morning next.

Sheriff of the Town and County of the Town of upon Tyne, in pursuance of an Act, passed in the last Sessions of Parliament, for the betterRegulation of Attorneys and Solicitors, with the Places of their usual Abode, and when, and where, admitted.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Lift do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Lift is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, Punishing and for the better Payment of the Army, and their a, J Quarters, was read the Third time. cr00B'

Resolved, That the Bill do pass* and that the Title be,

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary at War do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the several Lifts, which have been pre- Lift of Per-Tented to this House, pursuant to their Order, of the tons admitted Twenty-sixth Day of January last, of all such Persons, Attonut,‘ as have been admitted Attorneys or Solicitors, in pursuance of the Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for the better Regulation of Attorneys and Solicitors, with the Places of their usual Abode, when and where admitted, and by whom, be printed.

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Prohibiting Loans to foreign States

Wilbech, Ac. Road.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to prohibit any Person or Persons, his Majesty's Subjects, or redding within this Kingdom, to advance or lend any Sum or Sums of Money to any foreign Prince, State, or Potentate, without Licence obtained from his Majesty, under his Privy Seal, or feme greater Authority.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and amending the Road between the Towns of and

March, in the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge, was committed, be further adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eleven of the Clock.

Committee Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec-of Privileges, tions be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovts, 12° Martii;

Anno 3* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1729.

Prayers.

African f'T' HE House being informed, that Mr. Lynn, Secre-Company. J[_ tary to the Royal African Company, attended at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, The Deed of Ingraftment of the said Company with their new Proprietors, dated the Seventh Day of April 1720.

And then he withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Deed of Ingraftment be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the State of the Trade to Africa.

Lift of Per- The House being informed, that Mr. Pearfo, from ions admitted the Mayor and Sheriff of the Town and County of the Attornies. Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, attended at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, a List of the Names of such Persons, as have been admitted Attorneys of his Majesty's Courts of Record, respectively held before the Mayor and

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Lighthoun and Mr. Masham:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Stratford for providing a Maintenance for the Minister of the Parish j^wChorch Church of St. Mary, Stratford Bow, in the County of Maintenwce

Middlesex, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Com- Locks ind mittee, to whom the Bill for reviving, and amending, w"h^lbt an Act, made in the Sixth and Seventh Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, "An Act to prevent Exactions of the Occupiers " of Locks and Wears upon the River of Thames Westward, and for ascertaining the Rates of Water Carriage upon the said River," and for other Purposes therein mentioned, is committed, that they do extend the said Bill to Cricklade, in the County of Wilts.

Ordered, That the Order, for the House to resolve itself ©ifitblingPer-into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for p^jj^ making more effectual the Laws in being, for disabling from ^g Persons from being chosen Members of, or fitting or Members, voting in, the House of Commons, who have any Pen-fion during Pleasure, or for any Number of Years, or any Offices held in Trust for them, be now read.

The said Order being read

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Edward Stanley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Edward Stanley reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The Order being read, for taking into further Confide- Wilbech, ration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill 4c' R"<i' for repairing and amending the Road between the Towns of Wisbech and March, in the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge, was committed*

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be further adjourned till Tomorrow, Twelve of the Clock.

The

ft

X,

10

r I t«!

i*. ?.

Pi:

:er:

:nd

Ac

3 Geo. II.

Tnde to The Order being read, for -the House to resolve itself

Africa, into a Committee of the whole House, to considerfurther of the State of the Trade to Africa;

Ordered \That the Answer of the Commissioners of Trade and Plantations to an Order of the honourable House of Commons, of the 20th of January 1704, requiring a State of the African Trade, and which was presented to the House the 27th Day of the same Month, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered \That the Royal African Company's full EHa-blishment for their several Forts and Castles in with an Account of the Number, Names, and Qualities, of the Persons, who were actually upon the said Establishment the lart Year, ending the 31st Day of December 1729, and the Charges of the fame, distinguishing, how much thereof is on account of Trade, and how much for the Maintenance and Defence of the said Forts and Castles, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Nathanael Cttrzon took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Nathanael Curzon reported from the Committee, that they had heard lbme of the Traders to Africa., and had examined several Witnesses; and that the Committee had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday neat, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itfeh into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Trade to Africa.

Call of the The Order of the Day, for the House to be called

over, being read;

Ordered, That the Call of the House be further adjourned till Tomorrow Sevennight.

495

And then the House adjourned fill To-monrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vi eneris, 130 die Martii;

Arno 3*Ccorgii IP1 Regis, 1719.

Prayers.

S)RDERED, That Mr Speaker do appoint the Lift*ofPer- Printing of the several Lists of Attorneys and Solicitors, which have been presented to this House, and 1

were Yesterdayordered to be printed; and that no other Person, but such as he shall appoint, do prelume to print the lame.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens, of Hawker* the City of Chichester, in which are included all Mercers, and Pe<Jlar*. Linen and Woollen Drapers, and all other trading Pep-fons, in the said City, was presented to the jH°use, and read; complaining of great Decays in their Trade, oc-cafiooed by the clandestine Trade and Dealings, carried on by Hawkers, Pedlars, and petty Chapmen; and praying, that they may be suppreftfed, or such other Relief given against them, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The House being informed, that feme of the Com- Duties missioners of Excite attended at the Door, they were 0B called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, An Account of the gross and net Produce of the Duties on Malt for the Years 1727 and 1728, and what Arrears are pow Handing out, distinguishing each Year.

And then they withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as follows, viz.

i2° — 13" Martii.

it-

5iCJ

x:

:1c

:-:"i

lets

h

An ACCOUNT of the grols and net Produce of tfc what Arrears are now Handing out,

Gross Produce - -

Charges of Management -

Taxes ——

Allowances for Store-rooms, at Quarter -

Allowances for Over-Charges -

Net Produce ——

Arrears now Handing out -

N. B. The greateH Part of these Arrears arises from the

13 th March 1729.

Ex1 Valens Comyn, General Accomptant.

: Duties on Malt for the Years 1727 and 1728, and diHinguishing each Year; viz.

1727 1728.

c s. d. c s. d.

557.792 II 7 609,352 18 7 i

m 51.407 2 6 5*32 0 8 9*

5.989 9 1* 4,504 *3

- 2,396 10 6* 1,683 8

867 7 9 8a8 18 ©I

60,660 9 Hi 58.337 9 —

497. *3Z 1 8* 5 51 >°15 9 7

557.792 II 71 609,352 18 7i

1- 97 8 I *33 8 8*

\ Duty upon Cyder.

J. IVhetham, Cha.

R. Gale, J. Fowle,

Geo. Duckett, Tho. fVylde.

i", Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the

vri Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

j

:x Hertford Mr. Geers reported from the Committee, to whom \ the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens of the City of Hereford, in Common-council assembled, and also the Petition of several Jufrices of the Peace, Gentle-; men, and Freeholders, of the County of Hereford, whole

&Names are thereunto subscribed, were referred; that the 3 Committee had examined the Matter of the said Peti-

& j i tions, and had directed him to report the fame, as it

pi appeared to them, to the House: And he read the

Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at 11 the Clerk's Table; where tho same was read, and is as 11 follows j viz.

Vol. 21.

That, pursuant to the Order of the House, of the 27th of February laH, the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and, to prove the Allegations thereof, the following Witnesses were examined; viz.

Charles Cotes, Esquire, who said, that he knows the several Roads, leading from the City of Hereford to the Places called Stoke Court, Bromyard, Dinmore Hill, St* IVannards, Pet.er Church, and Hoar IF it hey, which are in so bad and ruinous a Condition, that the Sfatute-work is not sufficient to amend the said Roads; and that the Act, passed in the 12th Year of his late Majesty's Reign, to repair the Roads from the City of Gloucester to the City of Hereford, makes no Provision for the Repairs thereof.

He

Go

e

496 130 Martii. A. 1729.

He further said, that the Hoad, leading from the City Commissions, there being Notice served for Nine in One of Hereford to the Town of Ross, is very ruinous, and Month's time.

dangerous; and, though the above-mentioned Act directs That, when Application has been made to the Com-that Road to be repaired, yet the Trustees, thereby missioners, for for Witnesses to attend, the

appointed, have not made any Progress in repairing the same have been refused, by reason the Commissioners fame, nor letup anyTurnpike thereon, they apprehending, were not impowered to grant the same by the aforesaid it would prove ineffectual, by reason the Situation of the Acts, or to appoint the Jury, when the same has been said Road is such, that Persons may easily avoid passing desired, to view the Damages complained of, for them to through such Turnpike, or paying Toll at the fame, un* ascertain the fame; so that Sums have been decreed by less Turnpikes were to be erected at all the Gates, leading the Commissioners for small Damages, the Colts whereof into the City of Hereford. have frequently been much more, than the Damages

Mr. John Foot and ‘Thomas Evans, being severally exa- demanded, mined, said, that they know the Roads, leading from the Upon the whole, it appearing to the Committee, that City of Hereford to the several Places, called Frooms Hill, the Petitioners have made good the Allegations of their -Bredwardine Passage, Stretsfords Bridge, and Eckleys Green; Petition, the Committee came to the following Rclolu-

and that the same are so ruinous and bad, that in the tion; viz.

Winter Season they are impassable for Coaches and That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

other Carriages, and cannot be repaired by the Statute- That the House be moved, for Leave to bring in a Bill work. for making the Acts, of the First and Seventh Years of

It also appeared to the said Committee, that the Roads, his late Majesty's Reign, for making the River Kennett, leading from the said City to the Borough of IVeoiley, navigable from Reading to Newbury, in the County of and to Pentrylas Bridge, are in a very ruinous and dan- , more effectual.

gerous Condition, and the Statute work is not sufficient And Mr. Alderman Barnard moved the House, pur-to amend the fame; and that the said Roads cannot be suant to the Resolution of the Committee, repaired, without some other Provision be made for that Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Purpose. making the Acts, of the First and Seventh Years of his late

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Majesty's Reign, for making the River Kennett navigable repairing the several Roads leading into the City of Here- from Reading to Nezvbury, in the County of , more ford; and that Mr. Geers, Lord Carnarvon, Mr. Cornwall, effectual; and that Mr. Alderman Barnard, Mr. Orlebar, and Mr. Harley, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. Holland, and Mr. Henry Par-

fons, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Kennett Mr. Alderman Barnard reported from the Committee,

Navigation, to whom the Petition of the Proprietors of the Navigation Mr. presented to the House (according Galley

of the River Kennett, from Reading to Nezvbury, in the to Order) a Bill for repairing the Road, leading from Corner;o County of Berks, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Galley Corner, in Enfield Chace, in the Parish of South ke?['sfo'i in behalf of themselves, and others concerned therein, was Mims, in the County of Middlesex, to Lemsford Mill, in Ro2th referred; that the Committee had examined the Matter the County of Hertford-, and the same was received, and of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the read the First time.

fame, together with the Resolution of the Committee Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time, thereupon, to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; Mr. Digby presented to the House (according to Order) Wellbourw where the same was read; and the Report, and Resolution a Bill for inclosing several common Fields, common Mountfort of the Committee, are as follow; viz. — Meadows, and other commonable Lands, in the Hamlet Inclosll,e

That the Committee, pursuant to the Order of the of Welshourne Mountfort, in the Parish of Weljlvurne House, dated the 25th Day of February last, pro- Hastings, in the County of and the same was

ceeded to examine the Allegations of the Petition; received, and read the First time, and, to prove the fame, the following Witnesses Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time, were called; viz.

Mr. BryanPbilpot, Mr. John Bell, and Mr. Fayrer Mr. Alderman Child reported from the Committee, to Brick> Hall; who, being severally examined, said, that the Un- whom the Report, upon the Petition of several Gentle- Tiles mah;. dertakers and Proprietors for making the River Kennett men. Freeholders, and others, having Estates in Houses navigable, pursuant to the Acts, made in th& First and in and about the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Seventh Years of his late Majesty's Reign for that Pur- Parts adjacent, in behalf of themselves, and others, and pose, have raised amongst them £. 44,603. 14 s.o d.and also the Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and £. 10,000 arising by the Duties, payable from Persons na- others, having Estates in Houses in and about the vigating on the said River, all which has been laid out City of London, and Parts adjacent, in behalf of them-towards compleating the fame; which was also fully selves and others, was re-committed, the Matter, as it proved by a Leidger, which was produced to the Com- appeared to them, upon the said Re-commitment, and mittee, wherein the Proprietors Accounts are kept. which they had directed him to report, with the Resolu-

And they likewise said, that the Proprietors lie under tions of the Committee thereupon, to the House: And great Hardffiips, and Inconveniencies, in obtaining what he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered was intended them by the aforesaid Acts, they not being it in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read; and impowered to sue for the several Rates and Duties, or re- the Report, and Resolutions of the Committee, are as cover Debts and Damages, unless they all join together, follow; viz.

That Actions have been brought in the Proprietors That the Committee examined several Witnesses, who Names for Recovery of Debts, but they were forced gave Evidence as follows; viz.

to drop the fame, it being in the Power of any one of Thomas Ripley, Esquire, Comptroller of his Majesty's

them to put a Stop to the Proceedings of all the rest; Works, said, that Bricks, Eight Inches 4-ths long, Two and any of them may receive Moneys, and give a Dif- Inches and a Quarter to 4-ths thick, and Four Inches and charge, to the Barge-masters, and other Debtors, without a Quarter broad, when burnt, are much better, than those the Consent of the rest of the Proprietors; and they can of a larger Size, made in pursuance of the late Acts of have no Remedy, but by tedious and expensive Suits in Parliament; and that they have been found very inconve* Chancery. nient, and not proper to be used in many Cafes, especially

And they also gave Evidence, that the Proprietors have in repairing of old Buildings, they being of a different been put to great Expence by vexatious Suits from several Size from the old Bricks, will not bond therewith, of the Country People, as also by the Frequency of And said, that Bricks, may be made much better with

Spanish,

3 Geo. II.

13° Martii.

497

Liliington

Inclosure,

Spanish, than without, by reason that most of the Earth

about the Cities of London and Wefimjnfier is of a very

strong Nature, and requires Spanish to qualify if, and makes the Bricks dry and burn much better, and sooner; and that, if Breeze was allowed to be used with Coal,

Bricks would be better burnt, than with intire Coal:

And said, that the Occasion of their being lately so much advanced in Price has been from the Prohibition of Spanish, and the Largenels of the Sizfc they are now made of.

Thomas Scott, being examined, said, that Twenty Load

of Spanish, each Load containing 36 Buthels, is generally esteemed to be a sufficienc Quantity to be used in making One hundred thousand of Bricks j and that Bricks, made without Spanish, are often cracked by the Heat of the Sun, and by that Means are more unfound: That lorae-times the Soil, taken out of the Streets, has been made use of instead of Spanish, but very seldom, it being thought to be not so good for that Purpose:

That if a Clamp of Stock Bricks were joined to a Clamp of Place Bricks, both Sorts would be burnt better, the Exchequer for the Land Tax for the Years 1727 and

Press L. 24. After n Successors" insert " and to

" all and every other Person and Persons whatsoever, and

" their Heirs, other than the Persons entitled to the

" Lands and Grounds, so intended so be inclosed, and

" all claiming under them."

L. 25. Leave out " and and after " Interest" leave out to the Word " this," in Line 26,

and, instead thereof, insert " Jurisd iff ions, Franchises,

" and Privileges, as they, every, or any, of them, had

" before the passing this Act, or ought to have held and

" enjoyed, in case."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second

time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon,

agreed unto by the House.

The House being informed, that Mr. from the Exchequer, attended at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of what Moneys have been received at

Land and Malt Tax.

than separately, there being less Outsides, and might be afforded to be sold One Shilling a Thousand cheaper; and that Red Stocks are always burnt in Kilns, and Grey Stocks in Clamps: And laid, that Breeze, mixed with Coal, is a better Firing, to burn Bricks with, than all Coal.

The Committee came to the following Resolutions j viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the best Assize of Bricks, for Sale, is Eight Inches and Five Eighths long, Two Inches and a Half thick, and Four Inches and a Quarter broad, when burnt.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Twenty Load of Spanish, fifted through a Sieve of Half an Inch wide, not exceeding Thirty-six Bushels in each Load, be allowed to the making of One hundred thousand of Bricks.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Brick-makers be it Liberty, in burning of their Bricks, to join a Clamp of Stock Bricks to a Clamp of Place Bricks.

The said Resolutions, being severally retd a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Then the House being moved, that the TwofirftClauses in an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act to prevent Abuses in the " making of Bricks and Tiles, and to ascertain the " Dimensions thereof, and to prevent all unlawful Combinations amongst any Brick-makes, or Tile-makers, " within Fifteen Miles of the City of Louden, in order to " advance or enhance the Price of Bricks or Tiles," containing Rules for making of Bricks and Tiles for Sale in London, and Fifteen Miles Distance, and the Penalty on Offenders, might be read;

The said Clauses were read accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the said Resolutions} and that Mr. Alderman Child. , Sir Nathanael Curzott, and Mr. do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. William Bromley, junior, reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords intituled, An Act for inclosing several common Fields, common Meadows, and other commonable Land*, in the Parish of Liliington, in the County of Warwick, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true j and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made feme Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him 10 report to the House; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the Report was read; and the Amendments are as follows;

Vol, 21.

jyaff, distinguishing each Year; and also,

An Account of what Sums of Money remain in the Exchequer on account of the Arrears of Land and Malt Taxes.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read-Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perofed by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Alderman Barnard presented to the House (ac- Broad Wheel* cording to Order) a Bill for repealing so much of the onJTurnpike Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act for " making more effectual the several Acts palfed, for repairing and amending the Highways of this Kingdom," as relates to the Breadth of the Streaks and

Tire of Wheels, and also so much of the said Act, as restrains Carts, travelling for Hire, to be drawn with Three Horles only} and the same was received, and read the Fiift time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Roads.

41

Mr. Alderman Perry presented to the House (according importing to Order) a Bill for importing Salt from Europe into the Sa,t i"t® Colony of New York in America; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

New York.

The House being moved, that the Act, made in the First Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for repealing an Act, intituled, An Act for " repealing Part of an Act, passed in the Parliament of " Scotland, intituled, An Act for discharging the Yule Vacance," might be read 9 The said Act was read.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Court of Session in Scotland to make Adjournments of the said Court; and that Mr. Sir John

Anstruther, and Mr. Arejkine, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Scotch Court of Session.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account of the Produce of the Funds, granted in the Eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for raising One million Five hundred thousand Pounds by a Lottery, from the 29th of September 1720, to the 29th of September 1729, and how the same has been applied, distinguishing each Year.

Lottery of 8 Anne.

Sir John Dutton presented to the House (according to stroudwater Order) a Bill for making navigable the River - Navigation. water, in the County of Gloucester, from the River Severn,

6K at

49 8 13° — 16° Mar hi. A. 1729.

at or near Framiload, to near the Town of

Stroud, in the same County; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Eefolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Cambridge* Mr. Henry Bromley reported from the Committee, to

&c. Roa s» tj,e Petition of divers of the principal Gentlemen*

freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the County of Cambridge, and also the Petition of divers of the principal Inhabitants within the University and Town of , in the County of Cambridge, were referred; that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table j where the same was read, and is as follows; viz. That the Committee, pursuant to the Order of the Hotlfe, dated the x 8th Day of February last, proceeded to examine the Matter of the Petitions; and, to prove the Allegations of the fame, the Committee examined the following Witnesses; viz.

John Hatton, Edward and Joseph , Esquires, and several others; who all agreed, that there is a general Complaint of Persons travelling the ancient Road from Cambridge through Foulmire to London, that they are obliged to pay to the Stump Cross Turnpike, created at Cambridge Town's End, from which they receive the Benefit of One Mile and a half only, which Mile and a half, being likewise Part of the said ancient Road, is included in Haw Mill Turnpike, to which, at about Three Miles Distance, they are again obliged to pay; and that the said Mile and a half is now in a worse Condition, than before the Turnpike was erected.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being " put. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain,

amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Tenth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for repairing the Roads, leading from Stump Cross,

<( in the Parish of Chesterford, in the County of Essex, to " Newmarket Heath, and the Town of Cambridge, in the County of Cambridge,*' and also an Act, made in the

Eleventh Year of his said late Majesty's Reign, intituled,

" An Act for repairing Part of the Road from London to " Cambridge, beginning at the End of the Parish of " Foulmire, in the said County, next to Barley, in the " County of Hertford, and ending at the Pavement in Trumpington Street, in the Town of ."

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas, {cofonlfo^m.. }

Tellers for the Noes.J }£ } o7.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Bromley and Mr. Shepheard do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

African Colonel Bladen, from the Commissioners for Trade and Company. Plantations, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, Copy of a Representation to her late Majesty Queen Anne, from the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, upon the Petition of the Royal African Company, dated February the 3d, 170-5-.

And the Title thereof was read.

Ordered, That the said Copy do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

' The said Copy is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Well'* Nat. Mr. Orlebar reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing Nicholas Lewis was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Report Wiib*ch, from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and &c- koad. amending the Road between the Towns of and

March, in the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge, was committed, be further adjourned till Monday Morning next, Eleven of the Clock.

Resolved, ThSt this House will* upon Wednesday Morn- Supply Mj ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Duties on House, upon the Bill for continuing the Duties upon Malt* Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty.

A Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Recowry rf Debts, was read a Second time. Smah Ww*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Corporation of Cur-fitors of the High Court of Chancery, which was ordered to lie upon the Table until the Second Reading of the said Bill, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do make Provision in the said Bill, if they think fit, for the Petitioners.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Filazers of his Majesty's Court of Common Pleas at Westminster, which was ordered to lie upon the Table untiLthe Second Reading of the said Bill, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do make Provision in the said Bill, if they think fit, for the Petitioners.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn- Prohibiting ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to prevent, or prohibit, any Person ore£n or Persons, his Majesty's Subjects, or residing within this Kingdom, to advance or lend any Sum or Sums of Money to any foreign Prince, State, or Potentate, without licence obtained from his Majesty, under his Privy Seal, or some greater Authority.

Ordered, That Mr. Harley have Leave to make a Regulating Motion, it being past Four of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly s

Ordered, neminecojitradicente. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for better regulating of Juries; and that Mr. Harley, Mr. William Lacon Child, Mr. and

Sir William Yonge, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Commiu«of Elections be adjourned. "V g

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Lunce, 16 dieMartii\

Anno 3* Georgii II" Regis, 1729.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Mayor, Aldermen, Bur- Hawk wind gcfles, Tradesmen, and Shopkeepers, in the Borough 1>e<*|jrs' of Reading, in the County of Berks, whole Names are thereunto fubl'cribed, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Traders, and Manufacturers, in this Kingdom; and also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and of the Mercers, Drapers, Grocers, Haberdashers of small Wares, Shearmandyers, Ironmongers, and Weavers, of the Burgh of Kirkby in Kendall, in the County of Westmoreland-.

Were,

3 Geo. II,

far

Were severally presented to the House, and read $ complaining of great Decays in their Trades, occasioned by the clandestine Trade and Dealings, carried on by Hawkers, Pedlars, and petty Chapmen; and praying, that they may be suppressed, or such other Relief given against them, as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie bpon the Table.

499

Mr. Bramston, Sir John Dutton, Mr. Booth., Mr. Aider-

man Child, Mr. Danvers, Mr. Crowle and all the Members that serve for the County of Southampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clocks in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the honourable James Bertie, Esquire, Leave of have Leave to go into the Country, for the Recovery of Absence. his Health.

i 5° Martiu

It Albanl Writ

Regulating - Elc&ions I ii Norwich.

I-

li

ii

> lord Cadogan's Eftttc.

\ r

i:'1

7J

It

s

East

Wellow

Inciosure.

d

5 ,0

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the desting a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of St. Albans, in the County of in

the room of Caleb Lomax, Esquire, deceased.

A Bill for the better regulating Elections in the City of Nonvick, and for preserving the Peace, good Order* and Government, of the said City, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr; Bacon, Mr. British, Mr. Fane, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir James

Campbell, Mr. Plummer, Mr. Shepheard, Lord Colerain, Sir Wilfrid Lawson, Sir Gilbert HeathcoWynd-

ham, Mr. Earle, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Moor, Mr. Edwards, Mr. Lawson, Mr. Jacomb, Sir Edmund Mr. Gould, Mr. Potenger, Mr. Wyndham, Sir Edward Knatchbull, Sir Orl. Bridgman, Mr. Sir Wm,

Willys, Mr. Treby, Mr. Conduit, Mr. Hucks, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Danvers, Mr. Compton, Sir Roger Meredith, Sir Richard Lane, Sir Robert Austen, Mr.; and all the

Members, that serve for the Counties of Norfolk, Suffolk, and Cambridge: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Manor of Okeley, and other Lands, in the County of Bucks, in Trull for Charles Lord Cadogan, and his Heirs, and for settling other Lands, of equal Value, in the Counties of Oxon and Berks, to the same Uses, in lieu thereof, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Conduit!, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Moreton, Mr. Sir

Robert Munro, Colonel Bladen, Mr. , Mr. Compton, Sir Wm. Willys, Sir Roger Meredith, Mr. Metcalfe, Mr. Chotwynd, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Scowen, Mr.

Sir James Campbell, Mr. St. John, Mr. Crowle, Mr. Williams, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Mr.

lett, Mr. Wyndham, Mr. Orlebar, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Clayton, Sir John Eyles, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Dockmi-nique, Mr. Shafto, Mr. Polhitl, Mr. Bacon, Sir John Dutton, Mr. Longueville, Sir Geo. Savile, Sir fVm. Staple-ton, Mr. Brudenell, Colonel Piers, Mr. Pearfe, Mr. Walter, Lord Glenorchy, Lord Limerick, Sir Robert Furnefe, Mr. Gould, Mr. Shepheard, Mr. Alderman Child, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Goddard, Sir Robert Clifton, Lord Colerain, Sir Clobery Noel, Mr. Hucks, Mr. Crate hr ode j and all the Members, that serve for the Counties of Oxon and Berks: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for inclosing Part of the Walle, or Common, called East

Wellow Common, belonging to the Manor and Tything of East Wellow, in the County of Southampton, and for veiling a certain annual Rent-charge in Trustees, for the Benefit of the Poor of the Tything of East Wellow aforesaid, for ever, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Conduit!, Lord Carnarvon, Lord MalpasSir Wm. Yonge, Mr. Compton, Mr. Metcalfe, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Williams, Mr. Heathcote, Sir Edioard Knatchbull, Sir James Thornhill, Mr. Griffith, Sir Tho. Saunderson, Sir John Sir Wilfrid Lawson, Mr. St. John, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Shepheard, Mr. Sloper, Lord Palmerston, Mr. Jacomb, Colonel Onslow, Sir Robert Furnefe, Sir Roger Meredith, Mr. -Scawen, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Vol. 2L

Ordered, That Sir John St. Auiin, Baronet, haye Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Lillington for inclosing several Common fcields, common Meadows, Inclosure. and other commonable Lands, in the Parish of,

in the County of Warwick, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do jiafs.

Ordered, That Mr. Wm. Bromley, jbriior, do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House,

hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments; to which Amendments this House doth desire their Lordships Concurrence.

A Bill for providing a Kfaintenarice for a Minister of Deptford the Parish of St. Nicholas, Deptford, in the Counties of new Church, Kent and Surrey was read a Second time. SSiS'ice.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an lnllrvlftion to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause to prevent the said Church being holden in commendam.

Sir Edward Stanley (according to Order) reported from Disabline the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Perfocw haymaking more effectual the Laws in being, for disabling Persons from being chosen Members Of, or fitting or Member*, voting in, the House of Commons, who have any Pension during Pleasure, or for any Number of Years, or any Offices held in Trull for them* was committed, the Amendments, the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House:

And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table* where the Report was read; and the Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and another Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Nicholas Lewis Well, Well'* Jiat. was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be,

An Act for naturalizing Nicholas Lewis Well.

Ordered, That Mr. Orlebar do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House (according to Order) resumed the adjourn- Wilbeeb. ed Consideration of the Report from the Committee, to &c-whom the Bill for repairing and amending the Road between the Towns ct W'tfbech and March, in the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge, was committed.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, were read a Second time, and were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with some Amendments to one of them, agreed unto by thi House; some Commissioners were added, and other Amendments were made by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The

Lift of Ferson* admitted Atunnit*

rade to Africa.

Ways and Means

Limehouse

Fari(h.

Co mmittee of Privileges.

Bridgtown

Roads.

500 160 — t

The House being informed, that Mr. Edward Kinajlok, from the Pmthonotary of the several Counties of Carnarvon, Merioneth, and Angtefey, in the Principality of Wales, attended at the Door, he was called in, and, at' the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, a Liftofall such Persons, as have been admitted Attorneys or Solicitors of the Great Sessions for the said several Counties of Carnarvon, Merioneth, and Anglesey, in pursuance of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for the better Regulation of Attorneys and Solicitors, with the Places of their usual Abode, whetl and where admitted, and by whom.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Lift do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Lift is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Lift be printed with those, which were ordered on Thursday last to be printed.

The Order being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Trade to Africa;

Ordered, That the Copy of a Representation to her late Majesty Queen Anne, from the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, upon the Petition of the Royal African Company, dated February the jd, 170^, presented to this House from the said Commissioners upon Friday last, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Nathanael Curzon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Nathanael Curzon reported from the Committee, that they had further heard the Traders to , and had examined several other Witnesses; and that the Committee had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Wednesday Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seveij-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for making the Hamlet of and

Part of the Hamlet of Ratcliffe, in the Parish of Saint j Dunstan Stebonheath, alias Stepney, in the County of

dlesex, a diflindt Parish, and for providing a Maintenance for the Minister of the new Church there.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 170 die Martii;

Anno 3# Georgii IP1 Regis, 1729. PrayekV

MR. Compton reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing the Road, leading from a Gate, called Shipston Toll-gate, at Bridgtown, in the Parish of Old Stratford, in the County of Warwick, through Alderminster, and Shipston upon Slower, to the Top of Long Compton Hill, in the said County, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that

*7

70 Martii. A. 1729.

the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the Report was read; and the Amendments being severally read a Second time, were, with an Amendment to one of them, upon the Question fcrcrally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Kinaston and Mr. Thomas Bennett:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Civwdifc^ veiling the Manor of Claxbyf and divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Lincolnt the Ellate of the honourable James Cavendish, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, for discharging Four thousand Two hundred Pounds, secured upon those and other Lands; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

And also, the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Sitista'i Act for confirming a Conveyance, and Surrenders, of Mate, certain Freehold and Copyhold Lands and Hereditaments, by Roger Satisfatt and Jemima both

Infants, unto Edward, Lord Bishop ol Coventry and Litchfield; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Lyster reported from the Committee, to whom the Cnck<y Bill for making more effectual an Act, passed in the Bankwd Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads,-ther«in mentioned, between Clackley Bank, in the Parish of alias Shifnall, and the Town of Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the Report was read; and the Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, with Amendments to several of them, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Burrell reported from the Committee, to whom Carrrioj the Petition of several Merchants, Factors, and Traders to Rice fma Carolina, in behalf of themselves, and others, and also the Carolina. Petition of several Merchants, trading to Spain, Portugal,

&c. on behalf of themselves, and others, and also the Petition of several Merchants of the City of Bristol, on the behalf of themselves, and others, were referred; that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions, and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as follows;

That the Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, dated the 26th Day of February last, proceeded to examine the Matter of the Petitions; and, to prove the Allegations thereof, Witnesses were called; viz.

Mr. # Wragg and Mr. Geo. Brailsford, Merchants; who, being examined, said, that, before Rice, of the Growth of Carolina, was made an enumerated Commodity, the Inhabitants thereof used to ship off considerable Quantities to Spain and Portugal, which occasioncda large Consumption of it, and encouraged the Enlargement of the Plantations; but, since the Enumeration, beingobtiged to import it into Great Britain, and likewise before the Markets in Spain and Portugal can be supplied, it is often spoiled, being subject to Weavels and Worms, wlfrch alter

the

3 Geo. II

170 — 18° Martii.

503t

«ii! at* '

!f?4

its!)

!CS 1 M*!

»ei

) 1

-.11

1? r tii:-

:1* ?'j -

r. ft >-

Er

r/>"

r;.i

3 ft

id ;4 *32

»" 1

:.ti

IV:';!

3

a;

it v

1

1

1

U:

d'i

-r

1

the Colour, and make it of less Value, when it comes to those Markets.

And they further laid, that the importing of Rice from the said Plantation into Great Britain first occasions a double Expence of Freight, and other Charges, which makes it dearer, and is the Occasion of their Arrival in those Parts after Lent is over, which is the Season of the greatest Demand for that Commodity; so that now there is very little fold in those Countries, except when the Crops of Rice, or Corn, fail in the , who consume

as much as all Europe besides; but they are chiefly supplied by Foreigners, to the great Detriment of English Merchants, Factors, and Planters.

And the same Witnesses also laid, that, if the Enumeration was taken off, the Inhabitants of Carolina would be able to vend 18 or 20,000 Barrels of Rice more per Annum, each Barrel weighing upwards of Three Hundred Weight, the Produce of which would be Fifty thousand Pounds Advantage to the Balance of the Trade of Britain.

And the House being nyrved, that the Twelfth Section of the Act, made in the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of the late Queen intituled, "An Act for " granting to her Majesty a further Subsidy on Wines " and Merchandizes imported," whereby Rice, of the Growth of the English Plantations in America, is made an enumerated Commodity, might be read j The laid Clause was read.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal so much of the Act, made in the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of the late Queen Anne, intituled,

" An Act for granting to her Majesty a further Subsidy " on Wines and Merchandize imported," as prohibits the Importation of Rice directly from the Plantations in America, to any Port in Europe, Southward of Cape Finisterre; and that Mr. Burrell and Sir Abraham Elton do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

leave of Ordered, That Gyles Ey, Esquire, have Leave to go

Absence. into the Country, for the Recovery of his Health.

Prohibiting Ordered, That the Order, for the House to resolve Lows to itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ItateT Bill to prevent, or prohibit, any Person or Persons, his Majesty's Subjects, or residing within this Kingdom, to advance or lend any Sum or Sums of Money to any foreign Prince, State, or Potentate, without Licence obtained from his Majesty, under his Privy Seal, or some greater Authority, be npw read.

The said Order being read;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee , Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Dodington took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Dodington reported from the Committee, that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and had made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received To morrow Morning.

Wigtown, Mr. Earle (according to Order) reported from the &c. Election. Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Election for the District* of Burghs of Wigtown, Whithorn, New Galloway, and Stanrawer, and the Resolution of the Committee thereupon: Which Report he read in his Place, and after-' wards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read; and the said Repdrt and Resolution are as follows; viz.

Upon the Petition of the Magistrates, Town Council, and Clerk, of Wigtoun, complaining, that at the late Election of a Burgess, to serve for the District of Burghs of Wigtoun, Whithorn, New Galloway, and Stanrawer, John Dalrymple, Esquire, pretended to be elected at Stanrawer, whereas, by the Statute in that same provided, the Election ought to have been Voi,. 21.

at Wigtoun, and the Return made by the common Clerk of the said Butgli; and praying such Relief, as the House shall think fit.

The Committee have examined the Matter of thefald Petition.

The Petitioners Counsel alleged, that, according to the Act of Union, the Representative to‘Parliamen t, for the District of Burghs of Wigtoun, New Galloway, Stranrawer, and Whithorn, ought to have been chose, and returned, from the then presiding Burgh of WigtottH, according to the Order and Turn of the said Burgh, and in pursuancd of the said Act; and that the Return ought to have been made by the common Clerk of the said Burgh of Wigtoun, and not from the Burgh of Stranrawer, from which the fitting Member was returned, irt Prejudice to the Rights of Election in Scotland, so arixiously guarded b the said Act of Union.

The Counsel on behalf of the fitting Member alleged^ that the Return was good, and Three of the Commiifl-sioners for the said District of Burghs had voted for thd fitting Member; and that therefore the Commissioners of any of the presiding Burghs, in this Cafe, had not a Power to decide the Return, as if the Votes were equal, pursuant to the Act of Union.

And that therefore, if there had been any Mistake in relation to the Direction of the Writ to the proper Buigh in Turn, it ought therf to have been protested against, and Instruments indue Form taken thereupon: And infilled, that, as there was no proper Complaint made at the Time of the said Election, that the Return was good,' anti according to the Act 6® Anna, c. 6. for rendering‘the Union of the Two Kingdoms more intire and complete^" Which (amongst other Things) enacts, ' "

" And, in case a Vacancy shall happen in Time of " Parliament, by the Decease, or legal Incapacity, of " any Member, a new Member shall be elected in his " room, conformable to the Method herein before appointed; and in case such Vacancy be 6f a Reorefentative for any of the said Fourteen Classes of District

" of the said royal Boroughs, that Borough, which €‘ presided at the Election of the deceased, or disabled,

" Member, shall be the presiding Borough at such riew " Election."

Upon which, the Counsel for the Petitioner replied and infilled, that the Borough of Stranrawerwzs not th^ presiding Borough at the last Election, in Turn; and therefore, as the Sheriff had given an undue' Precedency, that was no Rule to go by, but ought to be settled in right Course here.

Upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to the following Resolution; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion this Committee, that Jahn Dalrymple, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the District of Burghs of Wigtoun, Whithorn, New Galloway, and Stranrawer.

The said Resolution, being reid a' Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House. v.

; - 1

And then the Hoqfe adjourned till. Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock-

k Mercut 7/, ~ 18° die Martii;

Anno 3® Georgii IId‘ Regis, 1729.

Praters. ' ' "

A PETITION of the Mayor, Aldermen, and other BroadWhecls the Inhabitants, of the ancient Borough of Waif all, on Turnpike in the County of Stafford, was presented to the House, Road,‘ and read; complaining of the Act, of the Fifth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, which enjoins Waggons and Carts, travelling for Hire, to. be drawn with broad Wheels, and restrains the Nurqber of Horses drawing the lame; and praying fifeh Relief, as the House shall think fit!

Ordered, That the said Petition do He upon the Table.

6 L Major

502 i8 M . 1729.

PoorRelief, Major Selwyn presented to the House (accord- Years; and that in the Year 1716, by reason of the

&c* ing to Order) a Bill for the Relief and Employment of Dearnels of Provisions, and of a Clause in the said Act

the Poor; and the same was received, and read the First (Section 18th) which confines the Rates to be addled on time. the Parishes withi none Year, to a certain Sum, the Guar-

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. - dians of the said Workhouse became so far indebted, as

not to be able to maintain the Poor any longer, and there-Orlcnev, &c. Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant tb upon returned them home to their respective Parishes, to " nt* the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the be provided for; upon which, they assigned over the said

electing a Commissioner to lerve in this present Parlia- Workhouse, and Materials remaining, to Trustees, to dif*

ment for the Stewartry of Orkney and Zetland \in the charge the Debt, due upon the said Workhouse, which room of the honourable George Douglaft, Esquire, now was then stated to be £.323. i8j. 8 Soon after which,

Earl of Morton, a Peer of Great Britain. Part of the said Workhouse was, by an Order of the Cham*

ber, dated the 25th of August, 1712, let to Mr. Samuel Hawken and A Petition of the Mayor, several of the Aldermen, Corfield, for £.52. per Annum, for Three Years, and after* Pedlars, Tradesmen, and Shopkeepers, in the City of Durham, wards to Mr. Philip Hill, for Four Years, at Seventy-two whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was preTented to Pounds per Ann. neither of which Leases were produced the House, and read; complaining of great Decays in to your Committee; after that to Mr. John a Gro-their Trades, occalloned by the clandestine Trade and cer, now Mr. Alderman , at £.80. per Annum, fer Dealings, carried on by Hawkers, Pedlars, and petty seven Years; and that Lease was granted to him by the Chapmen; and praying, that they may be l'upprefied, or Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens, under their common such other Relief given against them, as to the House Seal, without the Consent of the said Trustees, they being shall seem meet. no Parties thereto; and was afterwards granted, by the

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table. same Authority, and in the same Manner, to Mr. John

Garway, at £.155. per Annum, for 21 Years; which Recovery of A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen of Premises, so leased, he, or his Under-tenants, now possess.

Small Deets. the Grand Jury, and other Gentlemen, assembled at the That it appeared to your Committee, that, from the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, holden by Ad Time of returning the Poor to their respective Parishes, journment at the Devizes, in and for the County of to January, 1723, all the Moneys, arising by the Profits of Wilts, the Sixteenth Day of October, Anno Domini 1729, the said Workhouse, and Hop Market, were received by was presented to the House, and read ;setting torth, that a Member of this House, to whom this Committee beg there are many Persons in Wilts, who, by their Trades Leave to refer, and accounted for by him before Richard and Labour, are entitled to demand small Sums < f Esquire, one of the Auditors of the City, as ap-

Money for Work done; which just Debts they cannot peared by an Account, produced to your Committee, and recover, without great Expences, and Loss of Time, the Balance paid, or promised to be paid, to Mr. whereby they are become unable to maintain their Fami- then one of the Chamberlains of the said City, who

lies: And praying, that the Statute, of 5th Elizabeth, has carried it to his Account: That, from that Time to commonly called The Statute of Labourers, may be this, the Chamberlains of the said City, whoarechofen made more effectual, for Recovery of their Wages, and by the Common-council, and are their Officers, for receiv-small Debts. ing their Rents, have constantly received the fame.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table. That it appeared to your Committee, that no Account of the Rents and Profits of the Workhouse has ever been Worcester ' Sir 3hn Rujkoutreported from the Committee, to made to the respective Parishes, or any Shaie of the Pro*

Workhouse, whom the Petition of the Ministers, Churchwardens, fits allowed them, other than the discharging the befere-liC. Overseers of the Poor, and*principal Inhabitants, of the mentioned Debt 0^.323. x8 8 and Interest thereof, several Parishes within the City of Worcester, and also the And it further appeared by the Council Books, that, Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens, of the upon Application made to the Council by feme of the City of Worcester, in Counsel assembled, and also the Peti- Churchwardens of the Pari (lies, in JulyhR., for an Account tion of the principal Inhabitants, and Paymasters, of the of the Profits of the said Workhouse, an Order was madex City of W orcester, were referred; that the Committee had that the several Parishes should have a Title to Two-thirds examined the Matter of the said Petitions, and had di- of the net Produce of the Profits of the Workhouse, and rested him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to Hop Market, after all Deductions, for Taxes and Retire Hopfe: And he read the Report in his Place, and pairs, made, and the City Gaol completed, and the Debts, afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; where then due, fully paid; but your Committee does not find the same was read, and is as follows; viz. that this Order was ever published, or that the Parish had

j That your Committee find, upon the Examination of ever any Notice thereof, until the Petition of the Ministers, all the Parish Books, except that of St. Alban's, which Churchwardens, and Overseers of the Poor, and princi-was not produced, having longfinee been loft, that Guar- pal Inhabitants, of the several Parishes of the said City, dians of the Poor were, chosen in all the Parishes of the was prepared, and signed, to be presented to this House.

City of Worcester, in pursuance of an Act, of the Second That, upon the Examination of Thomas Wylde, Esquire, and Third Years of Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for Mr. and Mr. John Poole, it appeared,

" the erecting a Workhouse in the City of Worcester, and that there are not in several of the Parishes, particularly " for setting the Poor on Work there," from 170410 in the Parishes of Saint and Saint , a

1710; and that, in the Parish of All Saints, Guardians sufficient Number of Persons, qualified to be elected have been chosen to this Time, but have never, as your Guardians of the Poor, exclusive of the Members of the Committee can find, acted since 17x5- Corporation, a Clause in the said Act (Section 28th)

Your Committee further find by the aforesaid Books, requiring, that every Person, lb to be elected, should be that several Rates were afiefled, raised, and paid, by the rated, and pay, Six Pence per Week to the Poor, several Parishes of the said City in the Years 17C4, 1705, And the House being moved, that the Second, Eigh-

1707, *708, and 1709, towards building a Workhouse, teenth, and Twenty-eighth Sections of the Act, made in and providing Necessaries for the fame, and the Mainte- the Second and Third Year of the Reign of the late nance of the Poor therein, amounting, at the lead, exclu- Queen , intituled, "An Act for the erecting a Work-live of the Parish of Saint Alban's.,to £. 1,414. i^s. 6d."house in the City of Worcester, and for letting the

and by the Journal of the Proceedings of the said Guar- " Poor on Work there" relating to the Elections of dians, and by the Evidence of Thomas Wylde, Esquire, Guardians of the Poor of the said City, the making Af-it appeared, that the Sum of £. 1,150. was given for the feffments for the said Workhouse, and the Qualifications like Purposes by several charitable Persons; and that the of the said Guardians, might be read;

Poor were maintained in the said Workhouse for feme The said Clauses were read accordingly.

Ordered,

3 Geo. II. i$° Martti. 503

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending^ and making more effectual, ail Act, made in the Second and Third Year of the Reign of the late Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for the erecting a <4 Workhouse in the City of Worcester, and for setting the Poor on Work there;" and that Mr. Sandys, Sir John RufhoutMr. Winnington, Sir Herbert Perrott Pakington, and Sir Thomas Lyttelton do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Rice Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do

imported and lay before this House, an Account of the Quantity of exported. j{jce imported into the Port of London, and exported from thence, from Christmas, 1721, to Christmas, 1728, distinguishing the Countries, from whence imported, and to which exported.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do lay before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Rice imported into the Port of London, and exported from thence, from Christmas, 1699, to Christmas, 1705, distinguishing the Countries, from whence imported, and to which exported.

RaGTndia 'Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this Co^y>s House, a List of all Ships, entered at the Custom-house, c# JLondon, for the East Indies, from Christmas, 1720, to Christmas, 1727, and also from the East Indies, from Christmas, 1722, to Christmas, 1729, with the Names and Tonage of each Ship, distinguishing each Year,

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Custom do lay before this House, the Amount of the Value of the Goods, Merchandize, and Bullion, exported by the East India Company from the Port of London, from Christmas, 1720, to Christmas, 1727, and of the Goods and Merchandize imported into the said Port by the said Company, fro^i Christmas, 1722, to Christmas, 1729, distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do lay before this House, the Amount of the Money paid by the East India Company for Customs on Goods imported into the Port of London from Christmas, 1722, to Christmas, 1728, with the Sums of Money, drawn back on the Re-exportation, distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of Excise do lay before this House, the Amount of the Money received for the Duty of Excise on Tea and Coffee, imported by the East India Company into the Port of London, from the Time of their first collecting the fame, to Christmas, 1728, with the Sums of Money drawn back on Reexportation, distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That the proper Officers do lay before this House, an Account of the Quantity of all foreign Salt imported into Cornwall, for Five Years last past, and also an Account of the Bounty paid for Pilchards, exported from thence, for the same Time, distinguishing each Year.

% oor Law 1. Ordered, That the Bill for amending the Laws

relating to the Settlement of the Poor, be printed.

Poor Relief, Ordered, That the Bill for the Relief, and Employ-c* ment of the Poor, be printed.

S£ftfatt 8 Ah ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act aie# for confirming a Conveyance, and Surrenders, of certain Freehold and Copyhold Lands, and Hereditaments, by Roger Satisfatt, and Jemima Satisfatt, both Infants, unto Edward, Lord Bishop of Coventry and Litchfield, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

WeMbourne A Bill for inclosing several common Fields, common Mouutfort Meadows, and other common Lands, in the Hamlet of ;pcwrc# WelJbourne Mount fort] in the Parish of Welshourne Hastings, in the County of Warwick, was read a Second time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Knight, Mr. Digby, Mr. Wyndkam, Mr. Sandys, Sir James Vol. 81.

Campbell, Mr; Whitworth, Mr. Holland, ViuBacohi Mr -Cary, Mr. Cope, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Longueviltii Mr. Seiwyn, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Martin, Mr. Could, Sir Rowland Alston, Mr. Jacomb, Mr. Treby, Mr. Banks,

Lord Micklethzvahe; Mr. Rejnell-, Mr. Goddard, Mr., - 7

Hacks, Sir Nicholas Williams, Mr. Nichol, Mr. Towrif- 5 ic.

hend, Mr* Page, Mr\ Baker, Mr. Huxley, Sir Nath. ' H Curzon, Mr. Baton Birch, Mr. NevOland, Mr. Vertion,

Mr. Luttrell, Sir Wilfrid Lawfori, Sir John Hynd Cotton,

Mr. Chauncy, Mr. Ash, Mr. Tilfori, Mr. Cdrtwright, Mr.

Pulieney, Sir John Rufhout, Sir Edward KnatchbullfMt.

Moor, Mr. Plummer, Mr. Windham, Mr* Hawkins, Mr.

Tufnel, Mr. Bramston, Sir Wm. Carew; and all the Members, that serve for the Counties of Warwick,

Gloucester, and Oxon t And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber* -

A Bill for making navigable the River Stroudwater, Siroudwater in the County of Gloucester, from the River Sevemy at or Navigation* near Framiload, to Wallbridge, near the Town of Stroud, in the same County, was read a Second time;

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Dutton, Colonel Berkeley, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Jaconib,

Mr. Plitmer, Mr. Earle, Mr. Geers, Sir Nath. Curzon,

Sir John Hynd Cotton, Sir Edward Knatchbull, Mr. Tre by,

Mr. Gould, Sir Edward Stanley, Mr. York, Mr. Vyner,

Mr. Winnington, Mr* Crispe, Mr. Orlebar, Mr. Hed-worth, Mr. Tufnel I, Mr. Dodington, Mr. Powlet. General Sabine, Sir Tho. Saunderson, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr.

Baron Birch, Mr. Luttrel, Mr. Bevan, Mr. Vernon,

Sir Richard Ellys, Mr. Allington, Sir John Barrington,

Mr. Chauncy, Mr. Waller, Lord Percival, Sir A bra.

Elton, Mr. Towers, Mr. Hucks Mr. Neale, Mr. Heath-cote, Sir Geo. Cafwall, Mr. Vaughan, Lord Micklethwaite,

Lord Palmerston, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Furnefe, Mr.

Bramston, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Gibbon, Brigadier Sutton,

Mr. Booth, Mr. Ash, Sir John Astley, Mr. Lyster, Mr.

Williams, Mr. Attorney-general, Mr. Moreton, Mr.

Wyndkam, Captain Kemeys, Mr Griffith, Mr. Knight; and all the Members, that serve for the Counties of Gloucester, Worcester, Hereford, and Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for repairing the Road from Galley Corner, in Galley Endfield Chace, in the Parish of South Mims, in the County of Middlesex, to Lemsford Mill, in the County of Hert- Mill Road. ford, was read a Second time.

Resolved, that the Bill be committed to Mr. Winnington, Mr. Plummer, Mr. Banks, Sir Tho. Sebright,

Mr. Aifiabie, Mr. Seiwyn, Mr. Neivland, General Ross,

Mr. Treby, Mr. Pidteney, Mr. Conduit, Mr. Wyndkam,

Mr. Sambrooke, Mr. Vaughan, Lord Malpas, Mr. Hucks,

Mr. Oglethorpe, Sir John Dutton, Mr. Baron Birch, Mr.

Fox, Sir Edward Knatchbull, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir Herbert Pakington, Sir Edward Stanley, Sir Roger Meredith, Sir Richard Ellys, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Mr.

Orlebar; and all the Members, that serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Hertford, Bedford, and Huntingdon:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for importing Salt from Europe into the Colony of New York in America, was read a Second time. America.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Plumer, Sir Wm. Strickland, Sir Roger Meredith, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Harrison,

Mr. Gould, Mr. Scrope, Mr. Kelfall, Mr. Walpole, Mr.

Lewis, Mr. Crispe, Mr. Huxley, Sir Wm. Yonge, Mr.

Alderman Barnard, Lord Malpas, Mr. Fane, Mr.

Vernon, Mr. Martin, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Newland, Mr.

Pelham, Mr. Knight, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Whitworth,

Sir John Rufhout, Mr. Towers, Mr. Seiwyn, Mr. Wortley,

Mr. Hughes, Mr. Allington, Mr. Chetwynd\ Mr. Banks,

Sir John Barrington, Mr. Orlebar, Sir Tho. Hales, Mr.

Vyner, Sir Tho. Lee, Mr. Bevan, Mr. Geers,'Mr. Chauncy,

Mr. Pidteney, Mr. Alderman Child, Colonel Ready

and

504 ' 18° IWartii. A. 1729.

and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

BroadWhe«'* A Bill for repealing so much of the Ad, made in the

on Turnpike FiftR-Y<?3t of the Reign of his l«Je Majesty King George Roads. (he First, intituled, "An Act for ptaking more effectual the levvral Acts passed, for repairing and amending " the Highvttays of this Kingdom." a® relates to the Breadth of the Streams and Tire of Wheels, and also so moch of the said Act, as restrains Carts, travelling for Hire, to he drawn, with three-Modes only, was read a Second rime. . \ -; ~ ...;

Refifyed, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Bernard, Mr,. Alderman Mr. Mr.

jfowwi.Mr. Bromley, Mr. Sir Edmund

Mr. Knight, Mr. WhitworMr. Sir Edward

KwUihliiMr . Fur^efa Mr. Sir

-'3 . Sir,- James Campbell, Mr.; Dodington, Mr, Vyner, Mr.

Lawson, Sir ft m. Stapleto, Sir John Hind Mr.

Clayton, Mr. Huxley, Mr. , Sir Wilfrid Cholmondeley, Mr. , Mr. Alderman Perry,

Mri Selwyn, Sir Nath. Mr. Dockminique, Mr.

Longimide, Sir JuJliman Ifliam, Sir Walter Bagot, Sir Clobfry' Noel, Mr, Martin, Mr. , Mr. Goddard, Mr- Hamilton, Mr. Geers, Sir Abraham Elton, Lopd Mai pas , Mr. Taylor, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Wort ley. Captain Keymifs, Sir John Eyles, Mr. Danvers, Coionel Read, Sir Richard Lane; and all the Members, that serve for the Counties of Warwick, Stafford,

Hertford, York, and the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon* at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and

Mr. Burroughs:

Mr. Speaker,

Duke of The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Beaufort's obliging Henry, Duke of Beaufort, and Frances, Duchess Name. of Beaufort, and her Children, to take the additional Surname, and bear the Arms, of , pursuant to

a Settlement, made by James, late Lord Scudamore, in the Kingdom of Ireland, and for vesting in the said Duke, in Fee, the Manors of and

camois, arid Lands in the County of Cambridge, late the Estate of the said Lord Scudamore, in lieu of the Portion provided by him for his Daughter, the said Duchess, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which tho Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,' i.umley's The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Estate. veiling the Estate of Sir James Lumley, Baronet, in Trullees, for railing Moneys, by Sale of Mortgage thereof, for the Payment of his Debts i to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Prohibiting Mr. Doddington (according to Order) reported from Loans to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill foreign States prevent, or prohibit, any Person or Persons, his Majesty's Subjects, or residing within the Kingdom, to advance or lend any Sum or Sums of Money to any foreign Prince, State, or Potentate, without Licence obtained from his Majesty, under his Privy Seal, or some greater Authority, was committed, the Amendments, the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House: And. he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table j where the Report was read; and the Amendments heing severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, by leaving out these Words, " or other Effects," Fol. L. and in farting the Word " or" between the the Word Bullion" and the Word " Jewels."/

And the Question being put, That the Word " or" be there inserted;

It pitted in the Negative.

Ordered,'That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrafted Bill for making more effectual the Laws Dialing in being, fordifabling Persons tram being chosen Mem- P?rfnn»Habers of, or fitting or voting in the Houte of Commons, who have any Pension, during Pleasure, or for any Membtnf Number of Years, or any Offices held in Trull for them, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be,

An Act for making more effectual the Laws in being, for disabling Persons from being chosen Members of, orfitting or voting in, the House of Commons, who have any Pension during Pleasure, or for any Number of Years, or any Offices holden in Trust for them, by obliging all Persons, hereafter to be chosen to serve for the Commons in Parliament, to take the Oath therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Sandys do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, Commute That it be an Inllruftion to the Committee of Privileges of Privilege, and Elections, that they do not proceed on any Petitions, now before them, touching controverted Elections, or Returns, after the Matter of the Petition of Knox Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Weymouth and Melcomb Regis, in the County of Dorset, is heard;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Word " is," after the Word " Dorset" and inferring these Words, " and after the " Matter of the Petition of Sir William Codrington,

" Baronet, complaining of an undue Election and Return " for the Borough of Mine/uad, in the County of " Somerset, are."

And the Question being put. That the said Words he there inserted;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for he Y 1

Tellers for the Noes| ' 1 '«

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That it be an Inllruftion to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, that they do not proceed on any Petitions now before them, touching controverted Elections, or Returns, after the Matter of the Petition of Knox Ward, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Weymouth and Melcomb Regis, in the County of Dorset, is heard.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, Difpnliwo at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee, of the whole House, to consider further of that Part of u" ' his Majesty's most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, which relates to the Disposition of the Sinking Fund, and the giving Ease to the Subject, where the Duties are moll grievous; and nothing to intervene.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- Supply. ! night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Supply Bill; next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Duu» on upon the Billfor continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, at* Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year *73°-

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Trade to whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further Africa, ao of

ti

at

0

tl

F

tl

C

it

c

1

a

s

t

r

t

1

t

t

n

r

3 Geo. II.

i8° — ij>° Marti.

5°5

i* '

of the State of the Trade to Africa, be received upon this Day Sevennight.

And then the House adjourned Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Cavendifli's

Eftitf.

Recovery of Small Debts.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estate of Sir Baronet, in Trustees, for raising Moneys, by Sale or Mortgage there-till Tomorrow of, for the Payment of his Debts, was read the First time.

__________ Resolved, That the $ill be read a Seeped time.

Luffiley*:)

Estate.

Jovis, 19° die Martii;

Anno 30 Georgii IIu» Regis, 1729.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Manor of , and divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Lincoln, the Estate of the honourable James Cavend, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, for discharging Four thousand Two hundred Pounds, secured upon those and other Lands, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of William Wall, John Roberts, James Naylor, Thomas Starkie, and Henry Smith, Cursitors of the Court of Chancery, for the County Palatine of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, that by immemorial Usage the Curlitors of the said Court of Chan-

Lottery of 8 Anno.

The House being informed, that Mr. Qhocke, from the Exchequer, attended at the Door, he was called in* and, at the Bar, prfented to the House, pursuant tp their Order, An Account of the Produce of the Funds, grant-, ed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty.

Queen Anne, for raising One million Five hundred thousand Pounds by a Lottery, from the 29th of September,

1720, to the 29th of September, 1729, and how the same has been applied, distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Dennis Bond reported from the Committee, to Hominghold whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An laclosure.

eery are entitled to the lole making out of all original ^or incl°sing a°d dividing the common Fields, and

Writs, and Writs of Summons, within the said County, and Mandateson all other Writs, itfuing out of the Courts at Westminster, which are directed to the Chancellor of the said County, and pass the Seal there; but by the Method proposed in the Bill, depending before this House, for the more caly and speedy Recovery of fin all Debts, the Profits of their Offices will be in a great measure taken away: And praying, that, in case the said Bill should pass, the Petitioners, or their Deputies, conforming themselves to the Tenor and Meaning thereof, may be appointed to make out the Summons, which, they apprehend, are in Nature of original Writs, and Writs of Summons, and also the Process, subsequent therevpon, or have such other Relief, as to the House shall seem just and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill lor the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, is committed; and that the Committee, if they think fit, do make a Provision in the said Bill for the Petitioners.

common Grounds, in the Parish of , in the County of Leicester, was committed, that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and that the Parties concerned had given their Contents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee: And he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table; where the Report was read; and the Amendment is as follows; viz.

Press 3. L. 12. After " Gentleman"' insert " John " Hodgkin of Weldon, in the County of Northampton, " John Ay re, of Kirkby Bellars, in the County of " Gentleman."

The said Amendment, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

jfr Petition of William Tullie, Esquire, was presented

An ingrossed Bill, to prevent or prohibit, any Perfoft Prohibiting ..... or Persons, his Majesty's Subjects, or redding within Lt»*n* to so-

to the House, and read; alleging, that he is Clerk of the this Kingdom, to advance or lend any Sum or Sums of re'8nSt*t*». upper and inner Treasuries of the Court ot King's Bench, Money to any foreign Prince, State, or Potentate, with-wherein the Records of that Court are kept, and likewise out Licence obtained from his Majesty, under his Privy Clerk of Nisi Prius, for sealing those Records for several Seal, or some greater Authority, was read the Third

Cities and Counties, and must be a great Sufferer, it the Bill now depending, for the more ealy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, should pass; and therefore praying, that, as the English Bill, or Petition, is intended to be in the Place of the Nisi Prius Record, and the Fees, for searching and copying the fame, are instead of the Fees for searching and copying of Records in the said Treasury, he may be courtituted Clerk of the Civil Bills, or English Bills or Petitions, tried in the Court of King's Bench for London and Middlesex, or be otherwise relieved,

as to the House shall seem. meet.

Ordered, that the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whok* House, to whom the Bill for the

time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill do pals;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas f^r*

tellers for the 1 LS*'l Mr. . Hacks:

Tellers for the Noes,$ ^r*

'£Mr. Leveson Gower:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative: And that the Title be. An Act to enable his Majesty to prohibit any Person or Persons, his Majesty's Subjects, or residing within this Kingdom, to advance or lend any Sum or

1

84.

66.

[c

r

s

Chatham, &c. Road.

more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, is com- Sums of Money to any foreign. Prince, State, or Poten-' ' ' ‘ 1 ' r ' i'" tate, without Licence obtained trom his Majesty, under his Privy Seal, or some greater Authority.

Ordered, That Mr do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

mitted; and that the Committee, if they think fit, do make Provision in the said Bill for the Petitioner.

Sir Robert Furnefe presented to: the House (according to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from that Part of Chatham, which lies next to the City of chester, to the End of St. Dunjs Parish, adjoining to the City of Canterbury, in the County of Kent; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill, be read a Second time.

Vol. 21.

A Bill for amending the Laws, relating to ftie Settlement of the Poor, was read a Second time.

1 lejolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Comnjiittee of the whole House.

6 M Resolved,

Poor Laws.

Duke of Beau fort's Name.

Papers respecting ~ Jamaica.

Kennett

Navigation.

Lfverpoole £1 eft ion.

English Salt feut into Cornwall.

506 190 — ao° Martii.

A. 1729.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for obliging Henry, Duke of and,

Duchess of Beaufort, and her Children, to take the additional Surname, and bear the Arms, of pursuant to a Settlement made by James, late Lord Scudamore, in the Kingdom of Ireland, and for vesting in the said Duke, in Fee, the Manors of Wick hall, and Dittontamois, and Lands, in the County of , late

the Estate of the said Lord Scudamore, in lieu of the Portion, provided by him for his Daughter, the said Duchess, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, that, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, That he would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that Copies of the Letters, written by the Secretary of State to the Governor of Jamaica, relating to any Design of the Spaniards upon that liland last Summer, with his Answers thereto, and also Copies of any Petitions or Representations of the Merchants, relating to the Embargo laid upon all Shipping in the said Island, and of the Orders lent to the Governor thereon, might be laid before this House, he had received his Majesty's Commands to lay before this House, Copies of the Letters and Papers desired by the said Address.

And Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented the same to the House accordingly, together with a List of them.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Copies do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Copies are bound up with the other Papers ' of this Session.

Mr. Alderman Barnard presented to the House (according to Order) a Bill for making the Acts, of the First and Seventh Years of his late Majesty's Reign, for making the River Kennett navigable from Reading to Newbury, in the County of Berks, more effectual j and the same was received.

The House proceeded (according to Order) to the further hearing the Matter of the Petition of Thomas Brereton, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of in the County

Palatine of Lancaster.

And the Counsel were called in.

And the Petitioner's Counsel examined several Witnesses, and several Entries in the Council Books of the Town were read, in order to add to the Petitioners Poll several Persons, who voted for him, after the Mayor had withdrawn himself from the Place of polling.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further hearing the Matter of the said Petition be adjourned till Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 20° die Martii;

Anno 3# Georgii IP1 Regis, 1729.

Pr AYERS.

f\R D ERED, That the Commissioners for the Salt Duties do lay before this House, an Account of the Quantities of English Salt, sent from the Salt-workS in England into Cornwall and North Yarmouth, for Five Years last part, distinguishing each Year and Place.

Ordered, That the Commissioners for the Salt Duties do lay before this House, an Account of the Quantities of Salt, sent from the Salt-works in into Cornwall and North Yarmouth, for Five Years, ending at -

mer 1719, distinguishing each Year and Place.

A Petition of the Mercers, Drapers, Shopkeepers, Ha.ken, Owners of Houses, and principal Tradesmen, of the a«»d Pedlw. Borough of Midhurst, in the County of Sufj'ex, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of great Decays in their Trades, occasioned by the clandestine Trade and Dealings, carried on by Hawkers, Pedlars, and petty Chapmen j and praying, that they may be suppressed, or such other Relief given against them, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The House being informed, that Mr. Paul, from the Arreanof Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door, he Punftd!!e was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, inXcom. pursuant to their Orders, j,c.

An Account of the Arrears of the Duties, due to the Crown from the East India Company, and the separate'

Traders, for unrated Goods, imported since March 8th 1703; and also.

An Account of the Proceedings, which have been had to compel the Payment of the Debt due to the Crown from the East India Company, and separate Traders, respectively, for unrated Goods, imported by them since March 8th 1703; and also,

An Account of the Arrears of the Duties, due to the Crown from the East India Company, for unrated Goods imported from the East Indies, China, and other Places within the Limits of the Company's Charter, since March 8th 1703; and also,

An Account of the like Arrears, due from the separate Traders to the East Indies, respectively, since the Time aforesaid, and what Proceedings have been had to compel the Payment thereof, respectively; and also,

The Return of the Commissioners of the Customs to an Order of the House, of the 6th Instant, directing an Account to be prepared of the Amount of the Duties on Goods of the Growth of Africa, imported by the Royal African Company, and separate Traders, respectively, for Seven Yeats, from Chrifmas, 1721, to Christmas,

1728.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts and Return were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Return do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts and Return are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill for making more effectual an Act, Crackley passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Bank and Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads therein mentioned, between Crackley Bank, in the Parish of Idfall, alias Shifnall, and the Town of in

the County of Salop, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill dopafsj and that the Title be,

An Act for making more effectual an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads therein mentioned, between Crackley Bank, in the Parish of Idfall, alias Shifnall, and the Town of Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop.

Ordered, That Mr. Lyster do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for making the Acts, of the First and Seventh NKconf Years of his late Majesty's Reign, for making the River *vl8a ,on' Kennett navigable from Reading to Newbury, in the County of Berks, more effectual, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second- time.

Mr.

{torch Court of Session.

r BilUrd

Children.

Flecknoe

Inclosure.

Supply Bill; Duties on Malt, &c.

3 Geo. II. 200 — 2

Mr. Dundas presented to the House (according to Order) a Bill to enable the Court of Session in Scotland to make Adjournments of the said Court j and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Robert Hucks presented to the House (according to Order) a Bill for the more effectual indemnifying and securing Parishes and other Places, from such Charges, as may arise from Bastard Children, born within the same; and the same was received, and read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Digby reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord of the Manor of F/ecknoe, and of the Impropriator, and Freeholders, and Proprietors of Lands, in the open and common Fields of aforesaid, in the County of Wwas referred; that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as follows} viz.

That the Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, dated the 28th of February last, proceeded to examine the Matter of the said Petition; and to prove the Allegations of the fame, examined the following Witnesses; viz.

Mr. Nicholas Masters and Ufeby ,being severally examined, said, that they have had very great Loflls, by the rotting of their Sheep, bad Crops of Corn, Trespatfes, and other inconveniencies: That the said common Fields are very fit and proper to be inclosed, and will be of great Advantage to the several Freeholders and Owners of the same: That the said common Fields are now let at Six Shillings per Acre, and, if the same were inclosed, would fetch Sixteen Shillings per Acre:

That there has been 38 Years Purchase bid for the said common Fields, if the same could be inclosed; and the Parties concerned have agreed, and consented, that the same should be inclosed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, and common Grounds, called Flecknoe Fields, in the Parish of hampeoat, in the County of Warwick; and that Mr. Digby and Sir JuJlinian Isham do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year 1730, be now

read.

The said Order was read accordingly.

And the House being moved, that the Two first Clauses in an Act, made in the Sixth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for preventing Frauds and " Abuses in the publick Revenues of Excise, Customs,

" Stamp Duties, Post-Office, and House-money," relating to the wetting of Barley for Malt, and the acrcfpiring thereof, might be read;

And the said Clauses being read;

Ordered, That it bean Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause for the more effectual securing the Duties on malted Corn, and for' ascertaining the Bounty upon Malt exported, and for remedying the Inconveniences, and Difficulties, which attend the making of Malt, by an Act of the Sixth Year of his late Majesty King George the First, for preventing Frauds in the publick Revenues.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com-Vol. 21.

i° Martii. 507

mittee, that they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to tlje said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause to direct, that the Deficiency, which shall be on the Twenty-fifth Day of March 1730, of the Income of the Duties on Malt, granted for the Year 1728, to satisfy Principal and Interest chargeable thereupon, be made good out of the Supplies granted for the Year 1730.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, to relieve such Persons, who, through Neglect, or Inadvertency, have omitted to pay the several Rates or Duties upon Money, given, paid, or contrafted for, with Apprentices.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed Ijim to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Call of the House be further adjourned until this Day Month.

Resolved \That this House will, upon Tuesday next, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for making the Hamlet of Limehouse, and Part of the Hamlet of cliffe, in the Parish of St. Dumtan alias

Stepney, in the County of Middlesex, a distinct Parish, and for providing a Maintenance for the Ministerof the new Church there; and nothing to intervene.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 21 die Martii;

Anno 3° Georgii lldl Regis, 1729. Prayers.

MR. Digby presented to the House (according to Order) a Bill for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, and common Grounds, called Flecknoe Fields, in the Parish of Woolf hampeoat, in the County of Warwick', and the same was received, and read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Sandyspresented to the House (according to Order)

a Bill for amending, and making more effectual, an Act, made in the 2d and 3d Years of the Reign of the late Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for the erecting a " Workhouse in the City of Worcester, and for setting " the Poor on Work there j" and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House being informed, that some of the Commissioners of Excise attended at the Door, they were called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, The Amount of the Money received for the Duty of Excise on Tea and Coffee, imported by the East India Company into the Port of London, from the 24th Day of June, 1724, at which Time the Act commenced for the inland Duties, to Christmas, 1728, distinguishing each Year.

And then they withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as follows; viz.

The

Call of the House.

Limehouse

Purifli.

Flecknoe

Inclosuic.

Worcester

Workhouse,

See.

Excise on Tea and Coffee imported.

5°^ 2i° Mattii. A. 1729.

The Amoiint of the Money received foT the Duty of Excite on Tea and Coffee, imported by the East India Company into the Port of London, from 24th of June 1724 (at which Time the Act commenced for the inland Duties) to Christmas 1728, distinguishing each Year; viz.

Received from 24th of June 1724, to 24th of June 1725 -Received from 24th of June 1725, to 24th of June -

Received from 24th of June 1726, to 24th of 1727 -

Received from 24th of Juke 1717, to 24th of June 1728 -Received from 24th of Jundi-jii, to 1728 -

Total'

N. B. There is no Drawback on Tea or CofRe'after the Payment of the Inland Duties.

R. Gale,

Geo. Duckett, Cha. Polhill, no. Wylde, R. Eyre.

Tea. Coffee.

£. S. d. £. s. d.

72,298 2 4 53*231 1 2

72,082 4 8 60,647 4

97,327 2 6 62,708 10 8

108,584 — 8 66,348 15 —

65,619 3 — 33*&7* 3 6

415,9x0 13 2 276,807 19 8

Samel Snelling, Accomptant.

3

ip Slit

3W*»

rrl.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Hereford Mr. Geers presented to the House (according to Order) Roads. a Bill for repairing the several Roads leading into the City of Hereford; and the same was received, and read the First time: '

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Bloomftmry Mr. Robert Hucks presented to the House (according to St*GH«new ^rt^er) a B'M for providing a Maintenance for the Mi-Church. " nifter of the new Church near Bloomsbury Market, in the County oVMiddlesex;and for making more-effectual an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, for impowering the Commissioners for building the Fifty new Churches, to direct the Parish Church of St. Giles in the Fields, in the said County, to be rebuilt, instead of One of the said Fifty new Churches: And the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Bridgetown An ingrossed Bill for repairing the Road leading from ftoad. a Gate, called Shipston Toll-gate, at in the

Parish of Old Stratford, in the County of , through Alderminster, and Shipston' upon Slower, to the Top of Long Compton Hill, in the said County, was read the Third time.

Resolved, 'That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for repairing the Road leading from a Gate, called Shipfon Toll-gate, at , in the Parish of

Old Stratford, in the County of through Alder minster, and Shipston upon to the Top of Long

Compton Hill, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Compton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Recovery of A Petition of the Clerk of the County Court of the Small Debts. County Palatine of Durham was presented to the House, and read; alleging, that his Office is by Patent for Life, and he makes out all Process in the said County, in Debt, Trespass, and all other personal Actions and the Proceedings intended by the Bill depending in this House, for the more speedy Recovery of small Debts, being of the same Nature with the present Proceedings in his Office, which will be wholly taken away, if the said Bill should pass; the Petitioner therefore prays that he may, as a Recompence for the Loss of his said Office, be constituted Clerk of the Civil or Bill, for the said

County Palatine, and appointed to enter and register all: such Petitions, Bills, or Appeals, and all Proceedings thereon, or have such other Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, is committed; and that the Committee, if they think fit, do Recover, of make Provision in the said Bill for the Petitioner. Sm»llDebt,

A Petition of Thomas Goodall, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, that he is Cufics Brevium Recordorum, &tc. of the Court of King's Bench, for Life; which Office is very ancient, and of greatTruft; and there are ancient Fees annexed to it; and he has never taken any other, than such, as were settled in the Reign of Queen Elizabeth: That in case the Bill, depending before this House, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, should pass, the Petitioner will be deprived of the greatest Part of the just Perquisites and Profits of his Office; and therefore he prays to be relieved, in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Commute of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, is committed; and that the Committee, if they think fit, do make Provision in the said Bill for the Petitioner. Liverpool

Electiou.

The House proceeded (according to Order) to the further hearing the Matter of the Petition of Brereton, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Liverpoole, in the County Palatine of

And the Counsel were called in.

And the Petitioner's Counsel examined several Witnesses, and several Entries in the Rolls and Books of the Overseers Disbursements to the Poor, in the Year of the Election, and in precedent Years, were read, to disqualify several Persons, who voted for the fitting Member.

And the Petitioner's Counsel went through their Evidence, and summed up the fame.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further hearing the Matter of the said Petition be adjourned till Tuesday Morning next. Gillty

Ordered, That Mr. Ingram, General Sabine, Mr. MdiRiwl- Hughes, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Richard Plumer, Sir John '

Hind Cotton, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Ward, Mr.

Leveson Gower, Colonel Harrison, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing the Road from Galley Corner, in Enfield Chafe, in the Parish of South Mims, in the County of Middlesex, to Lemsford Mill, in the County of Hertford, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of t he Clock.

English SaU sent into CorawalL&c.

Foreign Salt imported into Cornwall.

Lord Cado-gan'i Mate.

Recovery of Small Debts.

3 Geo. II. 2 3°

5°9

Luna, 2 30 Martii;

Anno 3° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1729. Prayers.

THE House being informed, that some of the Commissioners for the Salt Duties attended at the Door, they were called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantities of Salt, lent from the Salt-works in England into Cornwall and North,

for five Years, ending Lady-day 17193. and from thence continued to Midsummer 1719: and also.

An Account of the Quantities of sent from the Salt-works in England into Cornwall and North Yarmouth, for Five Years, ending Lady-day 1729; and also,

An Account of the Quantity of all foreign Salt, imported into Cornwall, and of the Bounty, paid for Pilchards, exported from thence, for Five Years, ending Lady day 1729.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Conduit reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Manor of Okeley, and other Lands, in the County of Bucks, in Trust for Charles, Lord and his Heirs, and for settling other Lands, of equal Value, in the Counties of Oxon and Btrks, to the same Uses, in lieu thereof, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

The laid Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pats.

Ordered, That Mr. Conduit do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and chief Burgesses, of the Borough of Sudbury, in the Cotrtity of Suffolk, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners apprehend, that, if the Bill now depending in the House, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, should pass into a Law, it will not only destroy the ancient Jurisdictions, by Grants from the Crown to the said Borough, but likewise deprive them of that most ancient and valuable Benefit of Trial by Juries, of all Matters under £.20. Value, by giving the Judges of Assizea Power to try Matters of Property in a summary Way, which will be more chargeable, and troublesome, to the Petitioners: And praying the House to take their same into Consideration, that nothing inf the said Bill may prejudice their ancient Rights and Privileges.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, Af-listants, Common-council, Burgesses, and principal Inhabitants, of the Borough of Coin the County of Essex, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that they have long enjoyed ancient Rights of trying Causes, by Juries, in their own Courts-; and, if the Bill now depending in this House, for the more easy Recovery of small Debts, should pass, it will make little Disputes of Property much more tedious and expensive, in attending the Assizes, than they now are: And praying, that their ancient Rights of trying Causes, by Juries, in their own Courts, may not be prejudiced.

' lered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

v 21.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Homlnghold for inclosing and dividing the common Fields, and com- Inclosar*. mon Grounds, in the Parish of Horning in the County of Leicester, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendment, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr Denis Bond do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with an Amendment; to which Amendment, this House doth desire their Lordships Concurrence.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Sheriffs, and Com- Stroudwater mon-council, of the City of Gloucester, and the County Na*Sat‘on* of the same City, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, that the Bill depending in this House, for making navigable the River Stroudwater, in the County of Gloucester, from the River Severn, at or near to Wallbridge, near the Town of Stroud, in the same County, should it pals into a Law, will be highly prejudicial to, and destructive of, their Estates, interest,

Rights, or Privileges: And therefore praying, that they may be heard by their Counsel against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass, or that the Petitioners may have such Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners, if they think fit, be heard by their Coun-fel, before the said Committee, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard fur the said Bill, at the same time.

A Petition of Walter Yate, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, that, if the Bill depending before this House, lor making the River Stroudwater, in the County of Gloucester, navigable from the River Severn, near Framiload, to in the said

County, should pass, his ancient Mills on the said Water, called Framiload Mills, and Lands adjoining to the said River, will be very much damaged, or destroyed: And therefore praying, that he may be heard by his Counsel against the said Bill, and have such Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner, if he thinks fit, be heard by his Coufel, before the said Committee, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction To the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard for the said Bill, at the same time.

A Petition of the Aldermen, capital Burgesses, Gentlemen, chief Inhabitants, and Traders, living in, and near, the ancient Corporation and Market Town of in the County of Wilts, on behalf of themselves, and the several Hamlets and Villages thereto belonging, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the River called Stroudwater, in Gloucestershire, is capable of being made navigable; whereby great Advantages will arise to the Publick, by Increafeof the Cloathing Trade in the said County, by lessening the great Charge of Land Carriage of Coals, and other heavy Carriage, to the Inhabitants thereabouts, and by Preservation of the Roads: The Petitioners therefore pray, that the Bill now depending in the House, for making navigable the River Stroudwater, in the County of Gloucester, from the River Severn, at or near Framiload, to Wallbridge, near the Town of Stroud, in the same County, may pass.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Owners of the Lands, and Owners and Occupiers of the Mills, situateon the River called Stroudwater, between Framiload, near the River Severn, and a Place, called Wallbridge, near Stroud, in the County of Gloucester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the River Stroudwater, in the County of Gloucestert is capable

6 N of

5io 230 Martii. A. 1729.

of being made navigable, and will be of great Advantage to the Publick, by easing the Expence of Land Carriage of Coals, and other heavy Goods, be a Relief to the Poor, and a Preservation of the Highways: And praying, that the Bill now in the House, for making navigable the River Stroudwater, in the County of ,from the River Severn, at or near to Wall bridge, near

the Town of Stroud, in the same County, may pais.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

E*ft Wellow Mr. Conduit reported from the Committee, to whom Inclosure. the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for inclosing Part of the Wade, or Common, called East Wellow Common, belonging to the Manor and Tything of East Wellow, in the County of Southampton, and for veiling a certain annual Rent-charge in Trullees, for the Benefit of the Poor of the Tything of East Wellow, aforesaid, for ever, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the Report was read; and the Amendments are as follows; viz.

Press 1. L. 33. After " Hundred" insert "customary." L. 34. After "Hundred" insert "customary." L. 38. After " Hundred" insert "customary." Press a. L. 26. After "Hundred" insert "customary." L. 36. After " Hundred" insert "customary." Prefs3. L. 1. After " Hundred" insert "customary." L. 8. After "Hundred" insert "customary." L. 22. After "Hundred" insert "customary." Press o. L. 17. After "Hundred" insert "customary." The laid Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The laid Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do

pals.

Ordered, Thatr Mr. Conduit do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments; to which Amendments this House doth desire their Lordships Concurrence.

Wilbech.&c. An ingrossed Bill for repairing and amending the Road *oad' between the Towns of and March, in the Isle of

Ely and County of Cambridge, read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act for making a new Road, and for repairing and amending the ancient Road, between the Towns of Wisbech and March, in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge.

Ordered, That Mr. Shepheard do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Hawkers and A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, Mer-Pediars. chants, Shopkeepers, and Traders, of the Borough of Berwick upon Tweed, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of great Decays in their Trades, occasioned by the clandestine Trade and Dealings, carried on by Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen; and praying, that they may be suppressed, or such other Relief given to the Petitioners, as to the House shall seem meet. Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Recovery of A Petition of Robert Gentleman, Cursitor of the

Small Debts. Court of Chancery, in the County Palatine of Durham, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, that his said Office is by Patent for Life; and he has the making 23

out of all original Writs, and Writs of Summons, in the Nature of original Writs, in the said County Palatine, of which Nature arc the Civil Bills, and Summons thereupon, mentioned in the Bill depending in inis House, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts; and, in case that Bill should pass, the Profits of his Office will not answer the Expence of the due Execution thereof: And therefore praying, that he may be appointed Clerk of the Civil Bills in the said County, and all the Process subsequent thereupon, or have such other Relief as to the House shall seem just and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, is committed; and that the Committee, if they think fit, do make Provision in the said Bill for the Petitioner.

Sir Charles Turner presented to the House (according to East India Order) a Bill for reducing the Annuity, or Fund, of the Company, united East India Company, and for afeerttining their Right of Trade to the East Indies, and the Continuance of their Corporation for that Purpose, upon the Terms therein mentioned; and the same was received.

Ordered, That the Officers, and Servants, belonging Fwuk-tn in to the Judges of the several Courts in Westminster Hal, 1 ourt' and the Circuits, the Associates, and Clerks of Assize, do lay before this House, Accounts of the respective Fees now by them taken.

Ordered, That the projjer Officer do lay before this Exchequer House, an Account of the Exchequer Bills, and Loans on Land and Malt Taxes, which were Handing out at Christmas 1727, and what Bills have been since issued, and Loans made, and how discharged with the Interest, which has been paid on the fame, and out of what Funds, and how much is now Handing out, distinguishing each Year.

The Order being read* for the House to resolve itself Disposition of into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further th* $"*"8 of that Part of his Majesty's most gracious Speech to Fun ' c' both Houses of Parliament, which relates to the Dispo-lition of the Sinking Fund, and the giving Ease to the Subject, where the Duties are most grievous;

Ordered, That the Account, shewing, what publick Funds are now in being, how far they are incumbered, and what are, or are not, appropriated to the Sinking Fund, be referred to the said Committee..;

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of th* Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Turner also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of that Part of his Majesty's most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, which relates to the Disposition of the Sinking Fund, and the giving Ease to the Subject, where the Duties are most grievous

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- Recovery of ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Small Debti. House, upon the Bill for the more easy and Ipecdy Recovery of small Debts.

Resolved,

3 Geo. II. 230 — 24 0 Mart511

Ways Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fort-

1 and Means, night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Supply Bill; Sir Charles Turner (according to Order) reported from Duties on* the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for . Mitt tic. continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and 1 Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt,

I Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year One thousand j Seven hundred and Thirty, was committed, the Amend-

ments, the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House: And he 1 read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered

the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; i where the Report was read; and the Amendments, being

1 severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question

I severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, To oblige Distillers to give Notice to the proper Officer, under whose Survey they shall reside, before they begin to distil ! any Quantity of Cyder, or Perry.

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks j which were filled up: And the Clause was amended, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 24* die Martii;

Anno 3* Georgii II41 Regis, 1719.

Prayirs.

F- Chatham, A BI LL for repairing and widening the Road from " c'*0,ds' Tx. that Part of Chatham, which lies next to the City of Rochester, to the End of St. Durban's Parish, adjoining , to the City of Canterbury, in the County of Kent, was read a Second time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Fumefe, Sir John Hind , Mr. Gybbon, Mr.

Mr. Digby, Mr. Pitt, Mr. AllingUm, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr. Martin, Sir Abra. , Mo Metcalfe, Sir John Norris, Mr. , Mr. Cornwall, Mr.

Norris, Mr. Peytoe, Lord Mr.

Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Hales, Mr. , Mr. Niccot, Lord Gage, Lord Coleraine, Mr. ', General Sabine,

Mr. Barrel, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Fane, Sir Lee, Mr, St. John, Mr. Bathurst, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir Edward Knatchbull, Sir Roger Meredith, Mr. Bradshaigh', and all the Members that serve for the Counties oI-Kent, Suffix, and the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Duke of An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

feaufort'i for obliging Henry, Duke of Beaufort, and Francos, Du-Nam«, chcls of Beaufort, and her Children, to take the additional

Surname, and bear the Arms, of Scudamore, pursuant to a Settlement, made by James, late Lord Scudamore, in the Kingdom of Ireland, and for vesting in the said Duke, i in Fee, the Manors of IVickhall and and

Lands, in the County of Cambridge, late the Estate of the said Lord Scudatnore, ml\eu of the Portion, provided by

; j him for his Daughter, the said Duchels, and for other

1 Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second time.

I Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Hind

J Cotton, Mr. Digby, Mr. Sir John Dutton, Sit

y John Norris, Sir Edward Knatchbull, Sir Abra. Elton

Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Glanville, Lord Gage, Lord Colerain, Mr. Geers, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Yol.21.

Laroche, Mr. Fane, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Campbell, Mr.

Hales, Sir Tho. Lee, Mr. Shepheard, Mr. Bathurst, Mr.

St.John, Mr. Holland, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Mr. Bramfion, Sir Tho. Hales, Sir Oughtou, Sir Walter Bagot, Mr. B, Mr. Sir Charles Keymeys, Mr. Waller, Sir Wilfrid Lawson,

Mr. Talbot, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Alderman Mr.

Plumir, Sir Wm. Wyndham, Mr. Walcot, Mr. Alderman Parsons, Mr. Shirley, and all the Members, that serve for the Counties of Hereford, Gloucand Cambridge: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir Abraham Elton presented to the House (according Regulating to Order) a Bill for the Admission, and Regulation, of in

Brokers, within the City of Briftoand the same was n 0

received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do ship* from lay before this House, a List of all the Ships from the Bast Indie*, East Indies, Chim, and other Places, within the Limits *c* of the Charter granted to the East India Company, with the Names of the respective Masters thereof, and the particular Times, when such Masters respectively made their Reports at the Custom-house, London, of the unrated Goods, upon which the Arrears of Duties, due to the Crown from the East India Company, mentioned in the Accounts, laid before this House the 20th Instant, became due, since the 8th Day of March 1703.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Luraley'* for veiling the Estate of Sir James Baronet, in Estate.

Trustees, for railing Moneys, by Sale or Mortgage thereof, for the Payment of his Debts, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ailing-ton, Mr. Martin, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Crojfo, Sir Edward Knatchbull, Mr. Bacon, Sir Nath. Mr.

Plumer, Mr. Campbell, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Vernon,

Mr. Norris, Lord Gage, Lord Colerain, Mr. Longueville,

Mr. Burrel, Mr. Holland, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Winnington,

Sir Richard Lane, Mr. Hucks, Colonel Berkley, Mr.

Lowther, Mr. Aldernr.n Child, Mr. Inwen, Mr. New-land. Sir Robert Austen, Mr. Banks, Mr. Mr.

Potenger, Mr. Bramston, Mr. Cafar, Lord Chetwynd, Sir Adol. Ought on, Mr. Turner, Mr. Harley, Lord Morpeth,

Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. Metcalfe, Mr. Montagu,

Sir Archer Croft, Mr. Pigot, Sir Geo. Saunders, Mr,

Pinch, Mr. Treby, Mr. York, Sir Wm. Keyte, Mr.

Colonel Fane, Colonel Cope, Msyor Selwyn, Mr. Parsons,

Mr. Evans, Mr. Bristow, and all the Members, that serve for the County of Essex: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for imprHbnownt explaining and amending an Act, made in the last Session of Debton. of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the Relief of " Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their " Persons and that Mr. Walter Plumer, Sir Wilfrid Lawson, Mr. Winnington, and Mr. ,do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

Complaint being made to the House, that William privilege. Cook, of Borraston, Arthur Cook, Samuel Dodd, Richard Webb, and John Smith, have, in a forcible Manner, entered upon Lands adjoining to Dean Park, in the Parish of Burford, in the County of Salop, Part of the

Estate of William Bowles, Esquire, a Member of this House, and have plowed up the fame, in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Matter of the said Complaint, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition

511 24° MartiiA. 1729.

StroudwMer A Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, whose Navigation, Names are thereunto subscribed, Lords of Manors, Freeholders, and others, Owners and Occupiers of Houses, Lands, Mills, and other Estates, within the City of Gloucester, was^presented to the House, and read; alleging, that, if the Bill, depending in this House, for making navigable the River in the County of

Gloucester, from the River , at or near to

Wallbridge, near the Town of Stroud, in the same County, should pais into a Law, it will be highly prejudicial to, and destructive of, their Inheritance, Property, Interest, or Privileges: And therefore praying, that they maybe heard by their Counsel against the said Bill, or that the same may not pals, or the Petitioners have such Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners, if they think fit, be heard by their Counsel, before the said Committee, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard for the said Bill, at the same time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Thurston and Mr. Masham:

Mr. Speaker,

PunUhing The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Mutiny and for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Defcruon. payment of the Army, and their Quarters, without any Amendment;.

Sherbrook And also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, *c' An Act for making more effectual dn Act, passed in the 03 ' Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing and widening the Road from Sherbrook Hill, near Buxton and Chappie in the Frith, in the County of Derby, to Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, without any Amendments

Lillington And also, the Lords have agreed to the Amendments, Inclosure. by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing several common Fields, common Meadows, and other commonable Lands, in the Parish of Lillington, in the County of Warwick;

East Wellow And also, the Lords have agreed to the Amendments, Inclosure. made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing Part of the Waste, or Common, called East Wellow Common, belonging to t he Manor and Tything of East Wellow, in the County of , and for

vetting a certain annual Rent-charge in Trustees, for the Benefit of the Poor of the Tything of East Wellow aforesaid for ever;

Well'* Nat. And also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Nicholas Lewis Well, with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Nicholas Lewis Well.

And the said Amendments were read, and are as follows; viz.

Press 1. L. 1. Leave out " beseecheth," and insert " beseech"

L. 6. After " " insert " James Guyon,

" Son of John Guyon, by his Wife, born at

" the Isle of Re, in France; and Francis Theophilus Guiteau, Son of Francis by Martha his Wife,

born at Amsterdam, in ."

L. 8. Leave out " his," and insert " their." L. 16. Leave out, " he," and insert " they ;" and, in the same Line, after Well" insert " James " Guyon, and Francis Theophilus Guiteau."

L. 17. Leave out " is," and insert " are."

L. 19. Leave out " a."

L. ao. Leave out " Subject," and insert " Subjects and, in the same Line, leave out " he," and insert " they."

L. a 1. Leave out is," and insert " are."

L. 24. Leave out " he," and insert " they and, in the same Line, leave out " a."

L 25. Leave out " Subject," and insert

Subjects."

L. 17. Leave out " he," and insert "they." L. a8. After " insert " James Guyon,

and Francis Theophilus Guiteau and, in the same Line, leave out " is," and insert " are."

L. 38. Leave out " his," and insert " their." L. 39. Leave out " Heir," and insert " Heirs;" and, in the same Line, leave out " his," and insert " their."

Prefi 2. L. 3. Leave out him," and insert " them." L. 5. Leave out " he," and insert " they." L 11. Leave out "he," and insert " they." L. 15. Leave out he," and insert " they." L. 16. After " Well" insert ''James Guyon,

" and Francis Theophilus Guiteau."

L. 18. Leave out "a;" and, in the same Line, leave out " Subject," and insert " Subjects."

L. 25. Leave out he," and insert " they;" and, in the same Line, after " Well" insert " James Guyon, " and Francis Theophilus Guiteau, or either of them."

L. 27. After <r Member" insert "or Mem-

" bers."

L. 30. Leave out himself," and insert " themselves."

L. 31. Leave out " him," and insert " them, " or either of them."

At the End of the Bill add " and others."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. John Chetwynd do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments, made by their Lordships.

A Petition of Martin Lantr Gentleman, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, that, if the Bill, depending in this House, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of {mall Debts, should pass, he will be deprived of the Income of his Offices of the Clerk of the Doggets of the Court of King's Bench, and Filazer of that Court for Devon and Exon, in which Offices he has a Freehold fot Life: And therefore praying, that he may be constituted Clerk of the Civil Bills, or Eng Bills or Petitions, signed by Attorneys of that Court, for the said Places, or have such other Relief, as to the House shall leem just and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, is committed; and that the Committee, if they think fit, do make a Provision in the said Bill for the Petitioner.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Preservation of the Game j and that Mr. Hrtn-nington. Lord Chetwynd, and Mr. Master, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Charles Turner (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of that Part of his Majesty's most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, which relates to the Disposition of the Sinking Fund, and the givingEafe to the Subject, where the Duties are most grievous, the Resolutions they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; whe the same were read, and are as follow; viz.

Resolved,

Recovery £ Small Debtt.

Preservation of Game,

DispoStia

of theSifltag

Fund,

ie

3 Geo. II. 24° Mart it. 513

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the several Duties upon home-made Salt, granted to the late King William and Queen , by an Act, of the

Fifth and Sixth Year of their Reign, for a Term of Years, and since made perpetual, and also the additional Duties on all Salt, granted by an Act, of the Ninth and Tenth Year of his laid late Majesty King William, shall, from and after the Twenty-fifth Day of , One thousand

Seven hundred and Thirty, ccafe, determine, and be no longer paid.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, in lieu of the Duties and Revenues, now charged with the Fund, or Annuity, payable to the East India Company, an Annuity, or yearly Sum, of One hundred and Twenty-eight thousand Pounds, be charged on the several Duties and Revenues, commonly called the Aggregate Fund, to be payable to the East India Company from the Twenty-niath of September, One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty, for and as their new Annuity Fund, or Interest of their capital Stock, or Debt, of Three millions Two hundred thousand Pounds, subject to such Redemption by Parliament, as shall be enacted concerning the same.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Provision be made, that any Deficiencies, which may happen in the Fund, commonly called the South Sea Company's original Fund, short of what will be sufficient to pay the said Company their Annuity, or Allowances, charged thereon, shall from time to time be made good, quarterly, out of the Moneys arisen, or to arile, for the Duties and Revenues composing the Aggregate Fund.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for the Encouragement of the Fishing Trade of Great Britain, the several Bounties, now allowed and payable on Exportation of Fish from Great Britain, be continued, and made payable, as to such Fish, as shall be exported from that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, out of the Moneys, arising by the Duties on foreign Salt imported, and, in Default thereof, out of the same Duties, or Sub-lidies, as the Bounties, given on Exportation of Corn, are payable, and as to such Fish, as shall be exported from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, the same be payable in the same Manner, as now payable out of the Duties arising the re.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the Ploufe.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolutions j and that Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Walter Plumer, Lord Malpas, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Law Jon, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Scrope, and Mr. Earle, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Warden of Mr. Oglethorpe reported from the Committee, appoint-

the Fleet ed to enquire into the State of the Gaols of this Kingdom, Prison, and to whom the Petition of James Gambier, Warden of the Fleet Prison, was referred; that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as followsj viz.

Dougal Cut fiber t, Esquire, being called, and examined, said, that be had paid the Value of /. 1,300. in Money, Stock, and Bonds, arid had given a promissory Bond of /. i,aoo. and pledged certain Deeds and Writings, as a further collateral Security for the Payment of the said £. 1,200. in all/. 2,500. to John Huggins, Esquire, to induce him to liirrendcrhis Patent of Warden of the Fleet, and to procure, by his, the said John Huggins's, Interest, a Patent of the Reversion of the said Office for the said Dougal Cuthbert, to commence after the Decease of Thomas bridge, during his natural Life; which said Patent he accordingly procured: And, to support his said Evidence, he produced Two Receipts, signed by

And the said Dougal Cuthbert further said, that he had Vql. 21.

received /. 500. of James Gambier, Esquire, On Account of an Agreement with him made for the said reversionary Patent;

That it appeared by an Act, intituled, "An Act to " disable Thomas Bambridge," 8cc. that he was disabled to hold the said Office of Warden, and the Crown was enabled to grant the fame, during Pleasure, for the Life of the said Bambridge.

James Gambier, Esquire, being examined, said, that he last Year accepted of the Office of Warden of the Fleet, during Pleasure, for the Life of Thomas Bambridge, upon the Belief, that the Tenure would be altered to good Behaviour, removeable by Address from either House of Parliament: That he grounded this Belief on a Bill, that had passed the House of Commons last Year, nemine con-tradicente, by which the Sense of the House appeared to be, that it was for the publick Good, that the Office of the Warden of the Fleet should be grantable by the Crown, during good Behaviour only, and the future Wardens be removeable, upon Address from either House of Parliament j and the said James Gambier was induced to

agree with the said Dougal Cuthbert for the Surrender of the said Patent, on the Payment of the Sum of £. 2,500. of which Sum he, the said Gambier, has already paid £. 500. to the end that such Regulations, as was intended,

should be made by Parliament, believing, that the Publick would pay the said £. 2,500.

Thomas Brafield, being examined, said, that, since the said Gambier hath held the Office of Warden, he hath been obliged to several Expences, for Repairs, and other Matters, which were absolutely necessary; particularly, that he hath rebuilt Part of the Womens Ward on the common Side, and "hath pulled down, and levelled with the Ground, the Dungeon on the Mailer Side, in which Ante perished: That he hath made several Reductions of Fees, and Chamber Rent; and that, from the former high Prices of Chamber Rent, he hath reduced the same to 2 s.6 d. per Week for each Room, fumished by him, and half of that Sum for each unfurnished Room, whether there be one or more Prisoners therein; so that, if there be Four Prisoners in a Room, furnished by the Warden, each pays j^d.per Week, and, if there be Four Prisoners in a Room, furnished by themselves, Ach pays the Half thereof; whereas formerly each Prisoner paid at the lead 2 s.6 d.per Head, though never so many lay in the same Room.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Thurston and Mr. Masham:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Prohibiting to enable his Majesty to prohibit any Person or Persons, Loans to his Majesty's Subjects, or residing within this Kingdom, to advance or lend any Sum or Sums of Money to any foreign Prince, State, or Potentate, without Licence obtained from his Majesty, under his Privy Seal, or some greater Authority, without any Amendment j

And also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, Crackley An Act for making for effectual an Act, pilled in the Banks,d Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads, therein mentioned, between Crackley Bank, in the Parish of Idjall, alias Shijnall, and the Town of Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop, without any Amendment;

And also, the Lords have agreed to the Amendment, Hominghold made by' this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Inclosur*. inclosing and dividing the common Fields, and common Grounds, in the Parish of Horninghold, in the County of Leicester.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Seven- Limehouse night, at Twelve of therClock, resolve itself into a Com- Pari<1'-

6 O mittee

5*4 44 — 25°

mittee of the whole House, upon the Bill for making the Hamlet of Limehouse, and Part of the Hamlet of Rat-tliffe, in the Parish of alias

Stepney, in the County of a distinct Parish,

and for providing a Maintenance for the Minister of the new Church there.

Deptford Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Seven-w.^h"rch night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Maintenance upon the Bill for providing a Maintenance for a Minister of the Parish of St. Nicho, Deptford, in the Counties of Kent and Surrey.

Liverpoole The House proceeded to the further hearing the Matter Election. Gf the Petition of Thomas , Esquire, complaining

of an undue Election for the Return for the Borough ot Liverpoole, in the County Palatine of And the Counsel were called in.

And the fitting Members Counsel were in Part heard. And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw. —

Royal AlTent A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Charles Dalton, to Bills. Gentleman-usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend his Majesty immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty in the House of Peers:

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, that the House had attended his Majesty in the House of Peers; and that his Majesty had been pleased to give the Royal A (Tent to the several publick and private Bills following; viz.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters:

An Act to enable his Majesty to prohibit any Person or Persons, his Majesty's Subjects, or residing within this Kingdom, to advance or lend any Sum or Sums of Money to any foreign Prince, State, or Potentate, without Licence obtained from his Majesty, under his Privy Seal, or some greater Authority:

An Act for providing a Maintenance for the Minister of the Parish Church of Saint Mary, Stratford Bow, in the County of Middlesex:

An Act for making more effectual an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing and widening the Road from Sherbrook Hill, near Buxton and Chappie in the Frith, in the County of , to , in the County of Lancaster:

An Act for making more effectual an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads, therein mentioned, between Crackley Bank, in the Parish of alias Shifnall, and the Town of Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop:

An Act to inclose divers Commons, and Parcels of waste Grounds, lying and being in the Township of Claughton, in the Parish of Garstang, and County Palatine of Lancaster:

An Act for inclosing several common Fields, common Meadows, and other commonable Lands, in the Parish of Lillington, in the County of Warwick:

An Act to confirm an Agreement for inclosing the common Fields, Downs, Waste, and uninclosed Lands, Part of the Manor of M, in the County of Oxon, and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for inclosing Part of the Waste, or Common, called East Wellow Common, belonging to the Manor and Ty thing of East Wellow, in the County of Southamp-

ton, and for veiling a certain annual Rent-charge, in Trustees, for the Benefit of the Poor of the Tything of East Wellow aforesaid for ever: x An Act for inclosing and dividing the common Fields,

and common Grounds, in the Parish of Homiughold, in the County of Leicester:

Martii. A. 1730.

An Act for vesting the Manor of Okeley, and other Lands, in the County of Bucks, in Trust for Charles,

Lord Cadogan, and his Heirs, and for settling other Lands, of equal Value, in the Counties of Oxon and Berks, to the same Uses, in lieu thereof:

An Act for naturalizing Nicholas Lewis Well, and others.

Then the Counsel were again called in Liverpool

And the Counsel for the fitting Member were farther Eleffioo. heard: And they examined Mr. Richard Houghton, as a Witness, touching Proceedings at the Election.

And it being proposed to examine him as to Declarations of Persons, who were not sworn Freemen, that they would have voted for the fitting Member, if they had apprehended, such Votes would have been taken;

And Objection being made to such Examination;

The Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Resolved, That Mr. Richard Houghton be admitted to give Evidence of Persons having declared to him, that they would have voted for the fitting Member, if any, who were not sworn Freemen, had been allowed to vote.

The Counsel were again called in, and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And the fitting Member's Counsel examined Mr. Houghton, and several other Witnesses.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the further hearing of the Matter of the said Petition be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

TdUrs for .<* Yeas, }

Tellers for he NoJ

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the Counsel were again called in:

And the fitting Member's Counsel examined several other Witnesses, and went through their Evidence: And the Petitioner's Counsel were heard, by way of Reply.

And the Counsel on both Sides being withdrawn j

The fitting Member was heard in his Place: And then he withdrew.

Resolved, That Sir Thomas Baronet, is duly

elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Liverpoole, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurit, 2 50 die Martii;

Anno 3* Georgii II41 Regis, 1730.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the several Merchants, and other Stromlwatn chief Traders, Citizens of, and Inhabitants within, Navigation, the City of Bristol, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the River Stroudzvater, in the County of Gloucester, from the River Severn, near Framiload, to Wallbridge, near the Town of Stroud, is capable of being made navigable; which, when effected, will open a Communication between Bristol and several Market Towns, and other Places, near the said River; whereby the numerous^Inhabitants of those Places, supported chiefly by the Clothing Trade, will not only be supplied with Wool, Oil, and other Commodities, used in that Trade, at much cheaper Rates, but they will all'o be thereby enabled the better to dispose of the Produce of their own Country, and increase their 17 Trade,

3 Geo. II. 250 M 51

Trade, to the great Advantage of the Publick: And praying, that the BiiJ, now depending in the House, for making navigable the River in the County of Gloucester, from the River Severn, at or near Framiload,

to Wallbridge, near the Town of ,in the fame

County, may pais into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clothiers, and other chief Inhabitants, and Traders, living in, and near, the Market Town of Leonard Stand and other adjacent Townships, Villages, and Places, in the County of cester, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the Houte, and read; setting forth, that the River, called Stroudwater, Gloucester, from the

River Severn to Wallbridge, near the Town of Stroud, is capable of being made navigable for Barges, and other Vessels; which, when done, will be of great Advantage to the Publick, and tend to increasethe Clothing Trade of the said County, in regard the numerous Inhabitants of the said Town, and Places adjacent, will be cheaper supplied with Coals, and Goods, used in the said Trade, by the Navigation, than they now are by Land Carriage; and the Poor will be thereby better employed, and the Highways also preserved: And praying, that the Bill, now depending in the House, for making navigable the River Stroudwater, in the County of Gloucester, from the River Severn, at or near Frami to , near the Town of Stroud, in the same County, may pals into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clothiers, and other chief Inhabitants, and Traders, living in, and near, the Market Town of Painfw, and other adjacent Towns, Villages, and Places, in the County of Gloucester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was prefenced to the House, and read; setting forth, that the River, called Stroudwater, in Gtoucejlershire, from the River Severn to

Wallbridge, near the Town of Stroud, is capable of being made navigable, and will thereby be of great Advantage to the Publick, and tend to the Improvement and Increase of the Clothing Trade, by reason the numerous Inhabitants of the Towns and Places aforesaid will be supplied with Commodities, used in the said Trade, at much cheaper Rates by the Navigation, than they are by Land Carriage; the Poor will be better employed, the Highways better preserved, and the Commerce of the County considerabljr advanced: And praying, that the Bill, depending in this House, for making navigable the River Stroudwater, from the River ,near , to

Wallbridge, may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clothiers, and Other chief Inhabitants, and Traders, living in, and near, the Burgess Town of Cirencester,a.nd other adjacent Towns, Villages, and Places, in the County of Gloucester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the River, called Stroudwater, Com' Gloucester, from the River Severn,

near Framiload, to Wallbridge, near Stroud, is capable of being made navigable; which, when done, will be of great Advantage to the Publick, and tend to the Increase of the Clothing Trade, in regard the numerous Inhabitants of the said Towns and Places are now at great Charges, by Land Carriage, for Coals, Goods, and Commodities, used in the said Trade, wherewith they will be much cheaper supplied by the Navigation, the Poor better employed, and the Highways preserved: And praying, that the Bill, now in the House, for making navigable the River Stroudwater, from the River , near Frami-load, to Wallbridge, may pass into a Law.

Vol. 21.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, and other chief Stroudwater Inhabitants, and Traders, living in, and near, the Market Navigation. Town of Tetbury, in the County of , whose

Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that, if the Bill, now depending in the House, for making navigable the river Stroudwater, in the County of Glouc, from the River Severn, at or near Framiload, to near the Town of Stroud, in the same County, should pass, it will be of great Advantage to the Publick, increase the Woollen Manufacture, the Poor in that Trade better employed, and the Inhabitants supplied with Coals, and other Commodities, at much cheaper Rates: And praying, that the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clothiers, and other chief Inhabitants, and Traders, living in, and near, the Market Town of Minchinhampton, and other adjacent Townships, Villages, and Places, in the County of Gloucester, whole Names are thereunto subscribed,' was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Bill, depending in the House, for making navigable the River Stroudwater, in the County of from the

River Severn, at or near Framiload, to Wallbridge, near the Town of Stroud, will be of great Advantage to the Publick, if it pass into a Law; it will increase the Clothing Trade of the County, ease the Expence of Land Carriage of Coals, and Goods, be a Relief to the Poor, and a Preservation of the Highways: And praying, that the said Bill may pass.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Mr. Annejley reported from the Committee, to whom Earl of the Bill for veiling the Estate of Richard, late Earl of IUneUgh'* Rantlagh, in the Counties of Middlesex and Berks, in Trustees, to be sold, for the Uses therein mentioned, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the Report was read; and the Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Carendish's for veiling the Manor of Chxby, and divers Lands and fc,u,e' Hereditaments, in the County of Lincoln, the Estate of the honourable James Cavendish, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, for discharging Four thousand Two hundred Pounds, secured upon those and other Lands, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Nath.

z on, Mr. Bacon, Lord Charles C Mr. Digby,

Mr. Geers, Mr. Master, Sir Nicholas Williams, Sit Herbert Pakington, Mr. Earle, Mr. Hacks, Sir Sebright,

Mr. Kemp, Mr Pturner, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Byng, Sir Edward Knatchbull, Mr. York, Mr. Price, Colonel Bladen,

Sir Tho. Lowther, Mr. Baron Birch, Sir Campbell,

Mr. Owen, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Hales, Mr. Metcalfe,

Colonel Read, Colonel OnJJozv, Lord Mr. Offlcy,

Mr. Towers, Mr. Potengev, Mr. Guidott, Major Selwyn,

Mr. Annejley, Mr. Heathcote, Sir James Thornhill, Mr.

Holland,

Satisfatt's

Mate.

Regulating Elections in Norwich.

Coal Trade.

5*6 2 50 Mar. A. 1730.

Holland, Sir Robert 'Clifton; and all the Members, that serve for the Counties of Bucks, Hertford, Lincoln, and Derby: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming a Conveyance, and Surrenders, of certain Freehold and Copyhold Lands and Hereditaments, by Roget^Satisfatt and Jemima Satisfatt, both Infants, unto Edward, Lord Bishop of Coventry and was

read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mailer of the Rolls, Mr. Thompson, Sir Robert Sutton, Sir IVillys,

Mr. Metcalfe, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Conduit, Mr. Offley, Mr. Towers, Mr. Bramston, Mr. Allington, Mr. Potenger, Mr. Guidott, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Selwyn, Mr.

Mr. Orlebar, Sir Clobery Noel, Sir Roger Meredith,

Mr. Vcrtiey, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Mr. Mr.

Scrope, Mr. Fane, Mri Jacomb, Sir Wm. Yonge, Sir Edward Knatchbull, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Alderman

Child, Colonel Read, Mr. J SeMr. Chetwynd, Lord

Percival, Mr. Hedworth, Sir Tho. Mr. Papillon, Sir Walter Bagot, Mr. Byng, Sir Archer Croft, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Brookfbank, Sir Thomas Clarke, Sir Orl. Bridgman, Colonel Onslow, Mr. Digby, S \x Richard Lane, Mr. Bromley; and all the Members, that serve for the

Counties of Warwick, Stafford, Suffolk, Salop, and Wor-tefier: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. WaUer Bacon reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better regulating Elections in the City of Norwich, and for preserving the Peace, good Order, and Government, of the said City, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true, and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the Report was read; and the Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with an Amendment of one of them, and some Amendments to others, agreed unto, by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Sir Wm. Strickland reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Owners and Matters of Ships, employed in the Coal Trade, belonging to the Port of Scarborough, in behalf of themselves, and many others, whose Names are not thereunto subscribed, and also the Petition of several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and others, Owners of Ships, employed in the Coal Trade, belonging to the Town of Whitby, in the County of York, and also the Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and others, the Owners of Ships, employed in the Coal Trade, belonging to the Towns of Newcastle, Sunderland, &c. and also the Petition of several Persons, keeping Wharfs, and dealing in Coals, and other Goods, in the Cities of London, Westminster, and Parts adjacent, in behalf of themselves, and many others, and also the Petition of the Owners of Ships, employed in the Coal Trade, belonging to Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk, were referred; that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions, and had directed him to report the lathe, as it appeared to them, together with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read; and the Report, and Resolutions of the Committee, are as follow; viz.

That the Committee, pursuant to the Orders of Reference upon the several Petitions, proceeded to

examine the Matters, thereby complained of; and, to prove the fame, several Witnesses were called:

John Kitchingman, formerly a Matter, but now an Owner of a Ship, Henry Simpson, and John Lacy, who are Matters, and had belonged to the Coal Trade many Years, were severally examined, and said, that there are above One thousand Ships belonging to that Trade, 400 whereof trade to London; and that little Profit hath arisert by that Trade, for several Years part, there having not been made more than 1 and £ per Cent, for 12 Years, by reason there are not above 15 Persons, that buy a considerable Quantity of Coals, and those are Lightermen; and the Lightermen being incorporated, with exclusive Privileges and Powers, they raise and lower the Price of Coals, as they please, and prevent any other Persons from making use of any Lighters, or other Boats, for carrying Coals from or to any Part of the River of Thames:

That, the Coal Trade being under Discouragement, Ships have not of late been so well fitted out, and manned, as they were formerly; nor are the Matters of Ships able to take so many Apprentices; which prevents the bringing up of Seamen; and great Numbers of Matters have been reduced, by discouraging the Coal Trade: That, when Coal Ships have arrived in the River, the Matters thereof have been obliged, by the ill Usage of the Lightermen, to proceed to deliver their Coals into such Lighters, belonging to the Lightermen, before a Price has been agreed upon between such Matters, and the Lightermen, by reason it is in the Power of such Lightermen to prefer one Ship before another; which they often do: And that, since their Incorporation, they have demanded, and taken, a Premium of Six-pence, and sometimes Nine Pence, per Chaldron, for Coals; and have refused to give their Notes for Value received; and, when they have given their promissory Notes, such Notes frequently lie an unreasonable Time, after they are due; which is a great Prejudice to such Matters, who are the Endorsers, they being liable to make good any Loss, that happens, though it is 8 or 10 Months afterwards, such Notes not being protestable; but, if they were obliged to give their Notes for Value received, it would be an Encouragement in carrying on the Coal Trade.

John Kitchingman and Henry Simpson further gave Evidence, that they had made an Estimate of the Shipping, belonging to the Coal Trade at Wb tby, which amounts to near £. 170,000. but the Profit, made thereof, was no more than One and a half per Cent, per Annum, exclusive of Insurance; and to insure upwards and downwards amounts to 2 per Cent, per Voyage.

The same Witnesses gave Evidence, that, if the Ships had not observed some Regulation last Year, many Matters would not have been able to have brought their Ships to Sea again; which Regulation, they believe, was by reason of the Enquiry, made,- relating to the Coal Trade, the last Session of Parliament:

That the Ships, using the London Trade, are numerous, and without any Regulation; and it would be a Relief to them, if such Ships were obliged to deliver in Turn, as they arrive, and observe the like in failing; for, without such a Method be observed, the Lightermen can set Ships to work, that came last up to Market, in discharging their Loading sooner, than those, which arrived before them: A Turn is kept by all Ships, that load at Newcastle , and Lightermen, when they fend their Lighters on board, to load Coals, obfeive the like Method:

That Coals, brought to London, cannot be sold for less than 25 or 26 s.per Chaldron, to answer Insurance, and Interest.

And Jonathan Lacey further gave Evidence, that, on a Medium, Coal Ships make Seven Voyages in a Year; and the Profits, arising from the Coal Trade, being so small. Matters of Ships can't afford to carry so many Hands, as required, to navigate the Ships; and that a Ship, whereof Cornelius Clarke was Matter, was loft, for want of Hands, and the Matters are obliged to suit the Rigging of the Ships according to the Number of Hands

they

3 Geo. II. 2 50 Martil 517

they carry: That a Ship of 200 Tons, few others of a said, relating to promitfory Nctes, given by the Lighter- Coal, Trad?.

less Burthen use the London Trade, requires Nine or 10 men: And further laid, that Notes given to the Mailers,

Men to navigate itj and, if Coals were sold at 25 s.per payable in 40 Days, are generally lent down into the Chaldron, a Ship of400 Tons would gain £ 10. per Cent. North; where such Mailers pay them to the Fitters, for per Annum, and bring up 300 Chaldron of Coals, and afresh Loading of Coals, and the Fitters frequently pay

would gain, without Insurance, £200. per Annum, all them to the Coal-owners; add, if the Lightermen knew, incident Charges defrayed: That, when few Ships arrive, such Notes were in the Coal-owners Hands, they expect,

the Lightermen do not care to buy Coals, without they that such Coal-owners shall Hay for their Money, due

can have them at their own Price: They have bought a upon such Note, or else the Coal-owner mull have a Ship-load of Coals, and, after the Arrival of another Fleet, Mark set on such Coals, as he shall hereafter send to have dropt them on Pretence such Coals were not good; Market; and Lightermen often refuse to pay their Notes, and this is a common Practice among them: The Lighter- till their Premiums are allowed; and such Mailers as men monopolize Coals, and frequently give Coals a bad don't conllantly pay the Premiums, are pollponed, and Name, if they have not a Premium ot 6 d. per Chal- another preferred, although their Coals arc not so good by dron paid them. 5 s.in a Chaldron: JBut Premiums have not lately been

And John Kitchingman further said, that at present there so regularly paid, as they were formerly, by reason of an are no established Factors, to fell Coals; and several of the Enquiry that was made last Session of Parliament, relating Mailers go to Sea for many Years, and neveraccount with to the Coal Trade; nevertheless, when Lightermen find their Owners; and there is no compelling them, but by the Premiums to be dubious, they refuse to take Coals a tedious Suit in Chancery; but, if the major Part of from a Mailer, unless he will allow them Six Pence per the Owners of Ships had Power by Law, to appoint a Chaldron to answer the fame; for Mr. Mahis Factor, or Book-keeper, for that Purpose, such Pador Lighterman, llopt Six Pence Chaldron, as a Premium, might be a Witness to all Bargains made for Coals; from Mr. Mailer ofa Ship, loaded with which would be of great use to all Owners, and to the Coals by John Simpson, who is Fitter to Mr. Bowes, a Navigation: And laid, that the Deputy Coal-meters Member of this House:

demand a Sack of the bell Coals, which now contains Nine That Lightermen are Crimps, or Fadors, to above Bushels, from every Ship, and also refuse to give Mailers -yd of the Ships using the Coal Trade, and thereby become of Ships an Account of the Quantity of Coals contained Sellers for Mailers of Ships, as well as Buyers on their in each Ship, in order to deliver to the Custom-house, own Account: It is in their Power to raiie and fall the except the Mailer pays for the fame, although nothing Price of Coals, as bed suits their Interest. was formerly demanded for such Account, they having And Benjamin Horn further said, that he, and others, an Allowance for Metage. are concerned in above 40 Sail of Ships, employed in the

Mr. Caleb Smith, Mr. Benjamin Horne, who are Factors, CoalTrade; and that in the Year 1727 they were valued commonly called Crimps, for Mailers of Ships using at £ 48,262. 8 s. and divided to the Owners in Two the Coal Trade, being severally examined, said, that they Years, viz. in 1727 and 1728, £. 1,325. 6s. id. which are employed by Mailers, to fell their Coals to Lighter- is not One and a half per Cent, per . Interest and Inmen: That the Trade is brought into a narrow Compass; furance not included: That Three of the Ships were loft for One half of the Coals, brought to London, are bought in those Years, and he believes, that a proportional Num-up by about 1 a Lightermen, and the other half by about ber might have been loft in that Time to the wholeTrade,

40 more; but all of them infill on a Premium of Six which amounted to £3,744. 4 from which

Pence, or Nine Pence, per Chaldron, from the Coal- deducting £ 1,325. divided as above, the

owners, or their Agents; and but few Coals, are sold to Principal is diminished £2,418. 185. id. and all any others, except such as are Lightermen; and they Interest loft, which would have amounted, in the Two know of no Premium demanded, or taken, by any other Years, to £ 4,826. and the remaining Shipping less in Consumers: That Mailers, and Crimps, now choose to Value £ 5. per Cent, per Annum; which, to have insured fell their Coals to Lightermen, rather than to other for those Two Years, allowing Eight Voyages per Annum,

Dealers, by reason the Matters, at another Time, would at Two^kr on each Voyage, on the Principal, would have a Mark set on their Ships, for felling their Coals to amount to 15,443. 16 s. and the Ships using the Coal such as were not Lightermen; and that Lightermen have Trade, on an Average will bring to Market 220 Chal-often delayed Mailers of Ships, for having fold Coals to dron of Coals each atone Voyage:

Persons not of their Company; and it is a constant Prac- That he fold a Ship-load of Coals to Hymer and

tice among Lightermen to oblige Mailers to make an , BrownLightermen, at a fixed Price; but, upon a Fleet

Abatement of Six Pence per Chaldron in their Price of coming up, they told the Mailer, his Coals were not good.

Coals, where an Agent is not employed to pay the Pre- and, unless he would abate of the Price, they would not mium for such Coals: If the Coal Trade was laid opeu, have them; whereupon the Mailer fold them to another other Dealers could supply their Customers in London as Lighterman, who acknowledged the Coals were good: cheap, as Lightermen; which now they can't do: If And that Coals in general have, for Three Years pad, other Persons buy Coals at Billingsgate, those Persons are been as good as ever was known; and that IViimot and obliged to make use of a Lighter, belonging to such Williford, Two Lightermen, were, in 1725, sent down Lightermen, who, in such Case, demand and take a the River to Hop Ships from discharging their Coals, till Premium, and also 1 s. per Chaldron besides, for Ligh- they could bring the Mailers to abate of the Price, they terage. had agreed to fell them for.

That there are Two or Three Lightermen, that fell Mr. who is a Coal Fador, or Crimp, being

each above 30,000 Chaldron of Coals per Annum> and examined, confirmed the Evidence, given by Mr. Smith Eight or Nine others fell about 20,000 Chaldron each, and , in relation to the Lightermen's being Sellers of one with another,'in a Year: Coals for Mailers of Ships, as well as Buyers on their own

That Coals have been sold by the Mailers of Ships for account, and also the Evidence before given, in relation Six or Seven Years pall, the last excepted, at 23 s. per to the promissory Notes; and said, that Robert Cabel, and Chaldron, upon an Average in Summer; and they can't Stephen Forte, and other Lightermen, infilled to have the afford them under 25 s.allowing them to maintain Premium in hand from one Joseph Dobson, Mailer of a jtheir Principal, and common Interestfo the Loss has Ship belonging to Yarmouth, they knowing the Coals in been as. per Chaldron upon 400,000 Chaldron of Coals, that Ship belonged to Mr. Bowes, a Member of Parlia-imported into the Port of London one Year with another, ment, although they had no Objection to make; but which amounts to a Loss of £ 40,000. per Annum to the that the Premium was not paid; and that bad Coals Coal Trade. will go off with a Premium, when Coals of the bell Sort

And the same Witnesses confirmed what was before are slighted, for want of a Premium.

Vo t.21. 6 P Joseph

Coal Trade.

518 250 Martii. T73°‘

Joseph Merryman, who is a Fadtof, or Crimp, being examined, said, that Thomas Jones, Anthony , and other Lightermen, would not buy Mr. Coals,

bccaufehc would not pay the Premium, and defued him, the said Merryman, to advise the Matter not to load them,

for if there were any other Coals of that Sort at Market, they would not meddle with Mr. s Coals; and that no Coals have been so often refuted, as Mr. s have been, notwithstanding his Coals are allowed to be as good of the Sort, as any that are brought to Market: That John Bromley, Lighterman, bought of George Ward a

Ship-load of Coals, belonging to Messieurs Richard and Nicholas Ridley, and were loaded for the Coast; and, being brought to London, he, the said Bromley, bought them, and teeing by the Certificate, to whom those Coals belonged, Bromley obliged the Matter to abate Six Pence per Chaldron, for the Premium.

John Tickner, who is a Dealer in Coals, said, that thd Lightermen have agreed among themselves, not to buy any Persons Coals without a Premium: That he, buying Coals of Mr. Gibson, applied to him for the Premium; but he refused to pay it; and has bought Colonel LyddePs and Mr. Bowes's Coals, without having a Premium: But Tickner con felted, that he had received Premiums of Mr. Horton, Agent for Mr. Wortley; and the

Lightermen having Information thereof, Horton told Tickner, he mutt expect no more Premiums, for fear of disobliging the Lightermen: And the Lightermen bought Part of a Ship-loading of Coals, and he, the said Tickner, bought the other Part; and when the Laghtermen knew it, they turned the Coals on the Matters Hands, because the Matters fold them to one who was not a Lighterman.

Philip Fruchard, Dealer in Coals, being examined, said, that since the Incorporation of the Lightermen into the Watermens Company, the Dealers in Coals, keeping Wharfs, have been rettrained from carrying Coals from and to any Part of the River of Thames in their own Lighters, or other Boats, except to their own Wharfs; whereby the Lightermen have monopolized and engrossed the Trade into a few Hands, and if they are suffered to go on, will in time exclude all other Persons, not being Lightermen, from dealing in Coals, half the Coals at present being bought up by a few Lightermen, who command the Market as they please; but, if there was a greater Number of Buyers, it would be more beneficial to the Publick, the Lightermen at present having it in their Power to hinder a Fleet of Colliers from discharging their Lading, when they please.

That it appeared by the same Evidence, that there are Abuses in the Admeasurement of Coals, which are frequently loaded from on board bare Measure, that is, 20 Chaldron, instead of 21, and so in Proportion; which can be with no other View, than to defraud the Buyer of his In-grain; in order to which, they carry the Coals to such Wharfs, or Docks, where they can be supplied with small Sacks, l'o that the Consumers may not be able to judge of their Measure; and many Persons, who keep Wharfs, to fell Coals on Shore, do not measure them at all, but fill them into Sacks, some of which do not hold more than Two Bushels and a half; by which Means the Buyer is defrauded of Four Bushels of Coals, if not more, in every Chaldron; which Abuse is about £.20,000. per Annum Loss to the Consumers; and the unfair Trader, who fells out but 32 Bushels to the Chaldron, has it always in his Power to undersell another, who gives the just Measure: And this is. very often done.

Mr. Samuel Okey and Mr. Thomas Smith, being severally examined, confirmed the Evidence, before given by Mr. Fruchard.

Mr. Richard Banbury, Merchant, who is a Dealer in Coals, said, that the Lightermen, who call themselves the Number of 16, have signed an Instrument, obliging them to bear an equal Charge in carrying on Prosecutions against such Persons, as shall keep Lighters, and buy Coals; and that he had been prosecuted, as such, and.

upon hearing a Matter in Dispute, in the Court of Chancery, between the Lightermen and himself, he had obtained a Decree in his Favour, with Costs of Suit:

And said further, that the Lightermen have endeavoured to hinder him from receiving of Premiums, and threatened to drive him from Billingsgate Market, he being not of the Body of Lightermen.

That it appeared by the Evidence of all the Witnesses, examined before the Committee, that if the Coal Trade was laid open, under certain Regulations, it would relieve the Navigation, and prevent the Abuses, complained of by the Petitioners.

And that, upon the whole Matter, this Petitioners having fully proved the Allegations of their several Petitions, the Committee came to the following Resolutions; viz.

I. Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the restraining Dealers in Coals from carrying the same from and to any Part of the River of Thames in their own Lighters, or other Boats, hath been very prejudicial to the Navigation, and to the Coal Trade.

a. Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Lightermen, since their Incorporation, have exacted unlawful Premiums, or Rewards, refused to give their Notes for value received, for such Coals, as they buy, and are become Crimps, or Factors, to the Matters of Ships, at the same time they are Buyers of Coals on their own Account, and have used other unfair Practices, to the Prejudice of the Coal Trade.

3. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That such Proceedings of the said Lightermen have been detrimental to the Matters and Owners of Ships, employed in the Coal Trade, and tend to a Monopoly, and is highly injurious to the Publick.

4. Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That there have been great Abuses in the measuring of Sea-coal by many Dealers therein, whereby the fair Traders have been much injured, and the Consumers imposed upon.

The First of the said Resolutions, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Second of the said Resolutions being reada Second time;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

>That the said Resolution be re-committed;

It passed in the Negative.

Then an Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Resolution, by inserting, before the Words " the " Lightermen," these Words, " some of."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, so amended, That it appears to this House, that some of the Lightermen, since their Incorporation, have exacted unlawful Premiums, or Rewards, refused to give their Notes for Value received, for such Coals as they buy, and are become Crimps, or Factors, to the Matters of Ships, at the same time they are Buyers of Coals on their own Account, and have used other unfair Practices, to the Prejudice of the Coal Trade.

The rest of the said Refqlutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the said Resolutions; and that Sir Strickland, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Chohnley Turner, Mr.

Crowle, and Mr. William Thompjbn, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Rickard Michell, Esquire, Clerk of the R«o*m<rf Assizes for the several Counties and Cities in the Home Small Debt'. Circuit, was prefenfed to the House, and read; alleging, that he is ^titled to small Fees on Trials by Nisi prius in

the

3 Geo. II.

2 50 — a6° Martii.

5*9

the said Circuit; and his Office is Freehold, and very ancient; and he, or his Deputy, is obliged to attend at all Assizes; and, if the Bill, depending in this Houl'e, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, (lvould pass, h<? will be much prejudiced in his Fees, and yet his Attendance must be the fame: And therefore, and to prevent Delays, which may happen in Proceedings, by having different Officers, he prays, that he, and the Clerk of the Assizes, for the Time being, in the Home Circuit, may be appointed Clerk of the Civil. Bills within the said Circuit, or be otherwise relieved, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, is committed; and that the Committee, if they think fit, do make Provision in the said Bill for the Petitioner.

Recovery of A Petition of William Brydges, Gentleman, Bailiff

Small Deb:s. Itinerant of the County Palatine of Chester, was presented to the Housej and read; alleging, that be is a Purchaser of the said Office for Life, for a valuable Consideration, and has the Execution of the Process of the Court of Exchequer at Chester in Debt, except Attachments, and Proclamations; and that, if the Bill, depending in this House, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, should pass, he will in a manner be totally deprived of the Profits of his Office: And therefore praying the Consideration of the House, and some Equivalent for the Loss of his said Office, or such other Relief, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, is committed; and that the Committee, if they think fit, do make Provision in the said Bill for the Petitioner.

more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts; and nothing to intervene.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be adjourned.

Committee of Privileges.

And then the House adjourned Morning, Nine of the Clock,

till Tomorrow

left India Company.

Fund,

A Bill for reducing the Annuity, or Fund, of the united East India Company, and for ascertaining their Right of Trade to the East Indies, and the Continuance of their Corporation for that Purpose, upon the Terms therein mentioned, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Bill be printed;

It paired in the Negative.

Dispositioooof Ordered, That the Order, for the House to resolve

ihc Sinking itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of that Part of his Majesty'smost gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, which relates to the Disposition of the Sinking Fund, and the giving Bale to the Subject, where the Duties are most grievous, be now read* And the said Order being read;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the State of the Trade to Africa, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Seven-night, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Vol. 21.

Supply,

Trade to Africa*

Recovery oP Stroll Debts.

Jovis, 26° die Martii;

Anno g* Georgii IIdi Regis, 17.30,

Prayers.

FiRDERED % That it be an Instruction to the Com- Deptford mitteeof the whole House, to whom the Bill for providing a Maintenance for a Minister of the Parish Mrintenance of St. Nicholas, Deptford\ in the Counties of Kent and Surrey, is committed, that they have Power to receive a Clause, That, after the Vicarage of the old Parish of St. Nicholas, Deptford, shall next become vacant, the First Rector of the new Parish shall be nominated by his Majesty, and all succeeding Rectors by the Patron of the old Church.

Mr. Bramston reported from the Committee, who were Expiring appointed to inspect what Laws are expired, or near Law*, expiring, and to report their Opinion to the House, which of them are fit to be revived, or continued, that they had inspected the Laws accordingly, and come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read; and the Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second time, is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act to " regulate the Price and Assize of Bread," which Act was to continue in Force for Three Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and had further Continuance by subsequent Acts, and is now near expiring, is fit to be further continued.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolution; and that Mr. Bramston, Sir Edmond Bacon, of Garholdijkam, and Mr. Robert Hucks, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for vesting the Estate of Richard, late Earl of Ranelagh, in the Counties of Middlesex and Berks, in Trustees, to be sold, for the Uses therein mentioned, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be,

An Act for vesting the Estate of Richard, late Earl of Ranelagh, in the Counties of Middlesex and Berks, in Trustees, to be sold, for the Uses therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Annejley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir William Yonge reported from the Committee, to skerries ' whom the Petition of Ruth Trench, Widow, the only light-honfo Executrix, and a Legatee of William Trench, Esquire, deceased, Edward Riggs, Esquire, Walter Morgan, Clerk,

A. M. on behalf of themselves, and other the Creditors of the said William Trench, and also of Sutton Morgan,

A. M. and Anne his Wife, Heirs at Law to, and residuary Legatees under the said last Will and Testament of, the said William Trench, and also the Petition of the Merchants, Owners, and Commanders of Ships, belonging to the City of London, in behalf of themselves, and others, trading to Dublin, Chester, LiVerpoole, and the other Ports of Great Britain and Ireland in the Northern Parts of the said Channel, and also the Petition of the Merchants,

Owners,

Earl of Ranelagh'* Estate.

DkjitizecU

520 2o° Mart. 1730.

Owners and Commanders of Ships, belonging to the City of Chester, in behalf of themselves, and others, trading to Ireland, and other foreign and domestick Ports, and also the Petition of the Merchants, Owners, and Commanders of Ships, belonging to the Town of Beaumaris, in behalf of themselves, and others, trading to Ireland, and other foreign and domestick Ports, and also the Petition of the Commanders of his Majesty's Pacquet-boats, in behalf of themselves and others, failing from the Port of Dublin to that of Holyhead, and other English and foreign Ports, were referred; that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as follows; viz.

That the Committee, in pursuance of the Orders of the House,.have taken into Consideration. the feveril Petitions above-mentioned; and it appeared to the Committee,

That by virtue of Letters patent, bearing Date the 13th Day of July, 1714, Willi Trench, Esquire, deceased, was impowered to erect a Light-house on the dangerous Rock, or I Hand, called the near Holyhead,

in the County of Anglesey-, which being deemed to be of great Use and Benefit to the Navigation in those Parts, in Con6deration of the Expence, that the said Mr. Trench was to be at, in erecting and supporting such Light-house, and keeping a Fire therein, certain Duties were charged upon the Tonage of Ships, which should receive any Benefit by the said Light-house; that is to say, One Peny person in, and One Peny per Ton out, upon Natives, his Majesty's Ships of War excepted, and the like Sum upon Foreigners; and the said Mr. Trench was obliged to pay the Crown a Quit-rent, of Five Pounds per Annum:

That the said Mr. Trench, in pursuance of the said Grant, erected a Light-house on the said Rock, which is of about the Height of One hundred and Sixty Feet, and, being much exposed to the Winds, and Weather, is built very strong; and the Expence thereof was not less than Three thousand Pounds, he being obliged to fetch all the Materials from distant Parts, particularly, the Timber, and Iron, which was brought from Dublin; and One Ship, and Cargoe of such Materials, with the only Son of< the said Mr. Trench, was loft in ^oing to the said Bland.

That by the Will of the said Mr. Trench, bearing Date the 5th Day of June, 1725, the Debts of the said Mr. Trench, and a Legacy of jf.500. to Ruth Trench, his then Wife, are charged upon the Income of the said Light-house; and the said Sutton Morgan, and Anne, his Wife, are residuary Legatees of the said Mr. Trench.

And it appeared, that the said Light-house is of very great Use and Benefit to the Pacquet-boats, and all Ships failing Coastwise, and likewise to all others, failing through St. George's Channel, by Holyhead, for that between the Isle of Man and the llland of Skerries is but Eleven Leagues, and the said Light can be seen Six Leagues at Sea, except in hazy Weather; and that the Ships, belonging to the several Ports between Liverpoole and Scotland, frequently receive Benefit by the said Light-house in Stress of Weather, but not so often, as those, belonging to Chester, and Liverpoole-, and that the Mailers, and Owners, of several Ships, belonging to the Ports North of Liverpoole, have refused to pay the Duties, charged by the said Patent; and the said Letters-patent are not sufficient to enforce the Payment thereof.

That by all other Patents, for erecting Light-houses, there is charged upon Foreigners, Tome double, and others treble, Duties.

That the annual Expence of supporting and maintaining the said Light-house, and the Light therein, and the Rent of Twenty Pounds per Annum, payable to the Proprietors of the said Rock, or llland, has exceeded the annual Income of the Duties, collected for the Support thereof, and for these Twelve Years last pall above One hundred Pounds per Annum, which the said Sutton Morgan, since the Death of the said William Trench, has been obliged to pay.

Ordered That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for confirming a Patent, granted by her late Majesty Queen Anne to William Trench, Esquire, deceased, for erecting a Light-house on the Skerries, and for the better Maintenance of the said Light-house; and that Sir IVm. Tonge,

Mr. Bevan, Sir George Saunders, and Mr. Thompson, of York, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Henry Bromley presented to the House (according Cambridge, to Order) a Bill to explain, amend, and render more ef- &c*Roi<u' feftual, an Act, made in the Tenth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the " Roads, leading from Stump-Cross, in the Parish ol tlterford, in the County of Essex, to Newmarket Heath,

" and the Town of Cambridge, in the County of Cam-"bridge" and also.an Act made in the Eleventh Year of his said late Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for " repairing Part of the Road from London to Cambridge,

" beginning at the End of the Parish of Foulmire, in the " said County, next to Barley, in the County of Hertford,

" and ending at the Pavement in Trumpington Street, in the Town of Cambridge;" and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Alderman Child presented to the House (accord- Bricbsnd ing to Order) a Bill for amending the Acts therein men- Tibmakinj. tioned, relating to the making of Bricks; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Walter Plumer reported from the Committee, Bankmpti' to whom the Petition of Matthew Robert Certificate!,

Churchill, Samuel Duncklin, Robert Blagrave, and others, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many other unfortunate Bankrupts, was referred; that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House: And lie read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as follows; viz.

That the Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, dated the 24th Day of February last, proceeded to examine the Matter of the Petition, none appearing upon the Petition of Stephen Aldrich,

Richard Clarke, John Wood William Moffon, John Thwails, and Richard Fenny, Bankrupts, Ur. which was referred to the Committee:

And, to prove the Allegations of the First Petition,

The Petitioners produced to the Committee, Certificates, under the Hands and Seals of the acting Commissioners in several Commissions of Bankruptcy awarded against them; by which Certificates it appeared to the Committee, that the Petitioners had been duly declared Bankrupts, and that they had made a full Discovery of their respective festates and Effects, and had delivered up the fame, for the Benefit of their respective Creditors, and had in all Things conformed themselves according to the late Act of Parliament made concerning Bankrupts:

That Four Parts in Five, in Number and Value, of their Creditors had signed' such Certificates, and had given their Conferits to their Discharge, before the Expiration of the last Act of Parliament, concerning Bankrupts.

Mr. Wm. Turner, Clerk to the Secretary of Bankrupts, gave Evidence, that the Petitioners Certificates were all duly lodged in the Secretary's Office, before the Expiration of the last Act of Parliament, relating toBank* rupts: That the Act expiring, before the Lord Chancellor had confirmed the fame, the Petitioners could not have the Benefit of their Discharges.

That the Commissions of Bankruptcy awarded against the Petitioners, and the Certificates thereupon, appeared to the Committee to be dated, as followsviz.

Matthew

1

30.

3 Geo. II.

i6° M

ii>

k

G

tr.-

tj

ii

;rd:

o'-

f'

Matthew Churchil and Robert Churchil's renewed Commission, dated the 25th of 1729; and the Commissioners Certificate, dated the 13th of May 1729:

Samuel Duncklin's Commission, dated Eighth Septem-

ber 1726; his Certificate the 8th May 1729:

Robert Blagrave's Commission, dated 15 May 1728 } his Certificate the 12th May 1729:

John Majfey's Commission, dated 5th March 1728 his

Certificate the 9th May 1729:

Richard Downs Commission, dated 6th September 1728; his Certificate the 25th April 1729:

Moses Wesibrooke's Commission, dated 17th January 1727; his Certificate the 1 ith March 1727.

Mr. Turner also proved an Order of the Lord Chancellor, dated the 25th of April 1729, by which it appeared, that the Delay, in getting the said Certificate confirmed, was owing to some Claims, made by Two Maltsters, in behalf of several Persons to come in as Creditors to the said Bankrupts; which Claims the Lord Chancellor* upon a Hearing, dilallowed, and thereupon the said Bankrupt's Certificate was signed and scaled by the Commissioners.

That, upon the whole Matter, it appeared to the Committee, that the Petitioners had made good the Allegations of their Petition.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Resolution agreed unto by the House, and which was reported from the Committee, appointed to inspect what Laws are expired, or near expiring, that they do make Provision therein for Relief of such Persons, who were declared Bankrupts, and whole Certificates were not allowed before the Expiration of the late Act, made in the Fifth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for the " better preventing Frauds committed by Bankrupts."

Worcester A Bill for amending, and making more effectual, an Workhouse, Act made in the 2d and 3d Years of the Reign of the &c. Jate Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for the erecting " a Workhouse in the City of and for setting

" the Poor on Work there," was read a Second time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Rushout, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Newland, Mr. Mr.

Campbell, Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Norris, Sir Wm. Stapleton,

Mr. Harley, Mr. Dnncomb, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Digby, Mr. Rowlett, Mr. Baron Birch, Mr. Mr. Wil-

hams, Mr. Trelawny, Sir Hum. Howorth, Mr. Aldermau Parsons, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Mr. , Mr. John Chetwynd, Mr. Metcalfe, Mr. Sir James Camp-

bell, Mr. Ward, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Alderman Perry, Sir Robert Byng, Sir John Norris, Mr. Plumtre, Mr. Hales, Lord Morpeth, Mr. Mr. Ducket, Mr.

Fox, Sir Richard Lane, Mr. Mr. Earle,

Mr. Drummond, Mr. Annefiey, Mr. , Mr. Bowes, Mr. Dundafs, Mr. Hucks, Mr. Vyner, Colonel Read, Mr. ler, Master of the Rolls* Mr. Danvers, Dr. Sayer, Mr. Owen, Mr. 9rookJbank, Mr. Wyndham, Mr. Orlebar, Mr. Byng, Sir Nicholas Williams, Mr. Huxley and all the Members that serve for the Counties of and

Gloucester: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed* that they do receive aClause, that nothing in the said Bill contained shall prejudice the Right of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens, of the City of Worcejltr, to the Appointment of the Hop Market, and to the Fees, and Profits, arising from the weighing of Hops.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed, that they have Power to receive a Clause* That no Attorney shall be capable of being electetl, or of acting as, a Guardian of the Poor of the City of Worcester;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth s Vo 1. 31.

Tellers for the Yeas, Tellers for the

So it passed in the Negative.

52i

1 ,2‘

in.

Howard'*

forfeited

Eftatw:

A Petition of Catharine Howard, now Widow of the Lord Frederick Howard, and late Wife of Sir Richard Kennedy, Baronet, deceased, Grandson of Sir Rickard Kemiedy, Baronet, late One of the Barons of his Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Ireland, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the said Sir Richard Kennedy, her late Husband, was by his Grandfather's Settlement, at the Time of his Marriage with the Petitioner, possessed of an Estate, in Tail, of the Manor of Mount Kennedy, and divers Lands and Messuages in the Counties of Dublin and Wicklow, but, he being then under Age, no Jointure was made on the Petitioner: That, when her laid Husband came of Age, in 1706, he fu fife red Recoveries of all his Estates in Ireland, which were declared to be in Fee to himself, and by his last Will devised a yearly Rent-charge* of f. 350. to the Petitioner, for her Life, chargeable on all his Estates in Ireland, and devised his said Estates to Dame Elizabeth Dudley, the Petitioner's Daughter, subject thereto, for her Life, and to the Issue of her Body and since his Death the Petitioner hath received the said Rent-charge, until a flier said

Husband's Estate of Wicklow was granted to Robert Jones, Esquire, who hath refused to pay the same, by reason of an Outlawry of William Kennedy, the Uncle of the Petitioner's said Husband, whereby, as he pretends, the Devise of the Rent-charge is avoided, during his Life, and also for that by an Act, nth and 12th WilUelmi IIItU, for Sale of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, her said Husband is barred of his Right to the said Estate, by reason of his Non-claim before the Tenth of Augu 1700, although he was then an Infant; and, in Consequence, the Petitioner is also barred of the said Rent-charge, and (he hath no other Provision *. And praying* that a Clause may be iriferted in the Bill, now depending in the House, for Relief of Dame Elizabeth Dudley, and her Issue, forgiving the Petitioner such Relief in respect of the Enjoyment of the said Rent-charge, and Arrears, notwithstanding the said Outlawry, and Non-claim* as the House shall think fit.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, that this same had been humbly represented to his Majesty and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that his Majesty gives his Consent, that this House may do therein, as they think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for the Relief of Dame Elizabeth Dudley, and her Issue, relating to an Estate in the County of Wicklow, and Kingdom of Ireland, forfeited to the Crown, during the Life of William Kennedy, her great Uncle, be read a Second time.

A Bill for making the Acts* of the First and Seventh Kennett Years of his late Majesty's Reign, for making the River Navigation. Kennett navigable from Reading to Newbury, in the County of Berks, more effectual, was read a Second time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Barnard, Lord Malpas, Sir Richard Sir

Charles Turner, Mr. Potenger, Mr. Bond, Mr. Thompson,

Mr. Bowles, Mr. Legh Master, Mr. Williams, Mr.

Mr. Pturner, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Sir Edmund

Bacon, Mr. Cholmondeley, Sir Gw. Cafwall.Mr. Crispe, Mr.

Chauncey, Mr. Tufnell, Mr. Vincent, Colonel Onslow, Mr.

Offley, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Dunbar, Six James Campbell, Lord Colerain, Mr. Lee, Mr. Trelawny, Mr. Treby, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Clavering, Mr. Huxley, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Martin, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Vyner, Sir Nath. Curzon, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. La Roche, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Cunningham, Mr.

Scawen, Mr. Hucks, Mr. Newland, Mr. Taylor, Mr. Winning ton, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Compton, Mr. Alderman Child;

Mr. Alderman Par fons, Mr. Mur* Colonel Lyddell

Lord Inchequin, Sir Archibald Grant, Mr.- Lowthef; Mr,

6 Gybbon,

544

2 6° Martii.

A. 1730.

Expiring

Laws.

Regelating

juries*

Fleckno*

Inclosure.

GsbboA, Mr. Walter, Lord Limerick, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Drummond, Mr. Erjkin, Mr. Murray, and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Berks,

Surrey, Oxon,'Middlesex, Bucks, and for the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Walter Plumer, and Mr..Alderman Barnard, be added to the Gentlemen, who are to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, upon the Resolution agreed unto by the House, and which was reported from the Committee, appointed to inspect what Laws are expired, or near expiring.

Mr. Harley presented to the House (according to Order) a Bill for the better regulating of Juries; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the common Fields* and common Grounds, called Flecknoe Fields, in the Parish of Woolfkampeoat, in the County of Warwick* was read a Second time*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Adolphus Ought on, Mr. Bond, Sir Wm. Tonge, Mr. Bevan, Mr. Tufnell, Sir Robert Clifton, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Oglethorpe, Mr. Earle, Mr. Heathcote, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Foly, Mr. Nicoll, Mr. Martin, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Digby, Lord Morpeth, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Selwin, Sir John Dutton, Mr. Knight, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Dunbar, Mr. Norris, Mr. Robarts, Sir Geo Caf-wall, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Huxley, Lord Harvey, Mr. Fox, Sir John Rufhout, Sir George Saville, Sir Tho* Lee, Mr. Compton; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Northampton and Warwick: A nd they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for providing a Maintenance for the Minister of the new Church near Bloomsbury Market, in the County of Middlesex, and for making more effectual an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, for impowering the Commissioners for building the Fifty new Churches, to direct the Parish Church of St. Giles in the Fields, in the said County, to be rebuilt, instead of one of the said Fifty new Churches, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for repairing the several Roads leading into the City of Hereford, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Geers, Mr. Bacon, Sir Nath. Curzon, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Sel-wyn, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Bond, Mr* Heathcote, Mr. Metcalfe, Mr. Orlebar, Mr. Chauncy, Mr. Oglethorpe, Mr. Foley, Mr. Fox, Sir Robert Sutton, Mr. Holland, Mr.* Vaughan, Mr. Williams, Mr. Norris, Mr. Hughes, Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Bramston, Mr. Earle, Lord Gage, Sir Geo. Cafwall, Mr. Lawson, Mr. Gape, Mr Fane, Mr. Compton, Mr. Hucks, Mr Bromley, Mr. Lewen, Mr., Gould, Mr. Crowle, Nix. Harley, Sir Edward Knatchbull, Mr. Crispe, Mr. Byng, Sir Richard Grosvenor, Mr. Dodington; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Hereford, Worcester, Gloucester, Salop, and for South Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Scotch Court A Bill to enable the Court of Session in Scotland to of Session. make Adjournments of the said Court, was read a Second time.

Bloomsbury Minister and St. Giles new Church.

Hereford

Roads*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dundafs,

Mr. Hucks, Lord Tyrconnel, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Earle, Sir Robert Clifton, General Ross, Mr. Hughes, Mr. Holland,

Mr. Foley, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Metcalfe, Mr. Dritmond,

Mr. Fane, Mr. Bramston, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Geers, Mr. . Glanville \ and all the Members that serve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon* at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Tradesmen, &c. in the County of Recovery of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; com- Small ^ebts* plaining of the tedious and expensive Proceedings, now practised in the . Prosecution for small Debts, often ending in the Ruin of both Plaintiffs and Defendants, and their Families; and praying such Relief, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Sir Charles Turner (according to Order) reported from Dispofmo* the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was lJlc referred to consider further of that Part of his Majesty's JJ® ua most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, which relates to the Disposition of the Sinking Fund, and the giving Ease to the Subject, where the Duties are most grievous, the Resolution, they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table-; where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That out of the Moneys arisen, or to arise, for the Surplusses, Excesses, or overplus Moneys, commonly called the Sinking Fund, there be issued and paid to the South Sea Company the Sum of One Million, in Part of that Moiety of their whole increased capital Stock, as, being divided in pursuance of an Act, of the Ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, now remains the capital Stock of the said Company, and for redeeming a proportional Part of the Annuities attending thereon.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for raising, by Exchequer Bills, a Sum, not exceeding Five hundred and Fifty thousand Pounds, to be circulated and exchanged at a Rate, not exceeding Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, that they do prepare, and add to the said Bill, a Clause, or Clauses, pursuant to the said Resolution.

Sir Nathanael Curzon (ac6ording to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the State of the Trade to Africa, the Resolutions, they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are as followeth; viz.

ift, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Trade to Africa ought always to remain free and open to all his Majesty's Subjects.

zd, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the'Trade and Navigation to the Coast of Africa ought never to be taxed with any Duties whatsoever, for the Support and Maintenance of any Forts and Settlements there.

3d, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That British Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa are necessary, for securing and preserving to Great Britain the Trade to those Parts.

4th, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee. That an Allowance ought to be made towards the Support and Maintenance of the said Forts and Settlements.

The first of the said Resolutions, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Th#

Trade to Africa.

Poor Laws.

Stroudwater

Navigation.

3 Geo. 11. $6° Martii. — 523

The Second of the said Resolutions being read & Second time;

Resolved, nemine contradicenie, That the House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That the Trade and Navigation to the Coast of Africa ought never to be taxed with any Duties whatsoever, for the Support and Maintenance of any Forts and Settlements there.

The Third of tire said Resolutions being read a Second time, viz. That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That British Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa are necessary, for securing and preserving to Great Britain the Trade to thoie Parts;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Resolution, by leaving out from the Word " necessary'* to the Word u those," and, instead thereof, to insert these Words, " to be maintained, as Marks of the Pof-

sessions of Great Britain in."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question £ut thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution so amended, that British Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa are necessary to be maintained; as Marks of the Possessions of Great Britain in those Parts.

The last of the said Resolutions, being read a Second time, was agreed unto by the House.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, that his Majesty, having been informed of the State and Condition of the British Forts and Settlements in Africa, had commanded him to acquaint this House, that this Majesty recommends to their Consideration the making such Provision, as this House shall think proper, towards the Support and Maintenance of the said Forts and Settlements.

Ordered, That the royal African Company's full Establishment for their several Forts and Castles in Africa, with an Account of the Number, Names, and Qualities, of the Persons, who were actually upon the same Establishment the last Year, ending the Thirty-first Day of jDecember, One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-nine, and the Charges of the fame, distinguishing, how much thereof is on Account of Trade, and how much for the Maintenance and Defence of the said Forts and Castles, be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are appointed to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Jovis, 2° die Aprilis;

Anno 30 Georgii Ildi Regis, 1730.

Frayers.

1V/TR. Dodington reported from the Committee, to Bridgewatei*

1>A whom the Bill for repairing several Roads leading Roads.

into the Town of Bridgewater, in the County of Somerset,

was committed, that the Committee had examined the

Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; /

and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and

made several Amendments thereunto, which they had

directed him to report to the House: And he read the

Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill,

with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the Report was read; and the Amendments, being

severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question

severally put thereupon, with an Amendment to one of

them, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That John Rolle, Esquire, have Leave to go Leave of into the Country, for Six Weeks, upon extraordinary Ab^nce-Occasions.

Mr. Alderman Barnard reported from the Committee, BroadWheels to whom the Bill for repealing so much of the Ad, on^"^lke made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty 0 s‘ King George the First, intituled, "An Act for making " more effectual the several Acts passed, for repairing and " amending the Highways of this Kingdom," as relates to the Breadth of the Streaks and Tire of Wheels, and also so much of the said Act, as restrains Carts travelling for Hire, to be drawn with Three Horses only, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill; with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the Report was read; and the Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill; with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Richard Coffin, Esquire, have Leave to Leave of go into the Country for a Month, upon'extraordinary Absence. Occasions.

Mr. Winnington reported from the Committee, to Galley whom the Bill for repairing the Road leading from Galley Corner to Corner, in Enfield Chace, in the Parish of South Mims, in Ordered, That Mr. Knollys, Colonel Selwyn, Mr. Con- the County of Middlesex, to Lemsford Mill, in the County 1 l0a duit, Mr. Digby, Mr. Fane, Sir Hum. Howorth, Lord of Hertford, was committed; that the Committee had Coleraine, Mr. Farrington, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Cracherode, examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same Colonel Egerton, Mr. Withers, Mr. Brudenell, Mr. Per- to be true; and that the Committee had gone through rot, Mr. Potenger, Mr. Dennis Bond, Lord Fyrcotinel, the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto.

Mr. Vyner, Mr. Earle, Sir Robert Clifton, General Roffie, which they had directed him to report to the House:

Mr. Hughes, Mr. Holland, Mr. Foley, Mr. Campbell, Mr. And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards Metcalfe, Mr. Drumond, Mr. Bramston, Mr* Bacon, delivered the Bill with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Mr. Geers, Mr. Glanville, Colonel Onslow, Mr. Vincent, Table; where the Report was read; and the Amendments,

Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Orlebar, Sir Edward Knatchbull, Mr. being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Ques-Fay lor, Mr. Sandy s, Sir John Rushout, Sir Abra. Elton, tion severally put thereupon; agreed unto by the House.

Sir Roger Meredith, Mr. Inwen, Mr. Alderman Perry, Ordered\ That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Sir Archer Croft, Mr. Hucks, Mr. Myddelton, Mr. Comp- ingrossed.

ton, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for _ r _ - .

making navigable the River Stroudwater, in the County Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others? Kennett of Gloucester, from the River Severn, at or near Frami- Owners and Occupiers of Lands and Meadow Grounds, Navigation. load, to Wallbridge, near the Town of Stroud, in the same £tuate ,uP?n> of "efT to> the Rlvcr Kennern' mt the County, is committed, \ County of Na,me5Lare lhereuntr° rub/cnbe,d>

in behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the

And then the House adjourned till this Day Seven- House, and read; alleging, that, they apprehend, they night, Nine of the Clock in the Morning, shall be deprived of their Right of having their Damages

assessed by a Jury, and also of their Right to Cofis of Suir, if the Bill, depending in this House, for making more Vo L. SI. effectual

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for amending the Laws, relating to the Settlement of the Poor.

2

5H

1730.

'effectual tine Acts, of the First and Seventh Years of his late Majesty's Reign for making the River Kennett navigable from Reading to Newbury, in the County of Berks, should pass; and therefore praying, that they may be heard by their Counsel against the said Bill, or so much thereof, as affects them.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners, if they think fit, be heard by their Counsel against the said Bill, before the Committee.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do adqiit Counsel to be heard for the Bill, at the same time.

Btroudwater A Petition of William Dyer, Esquire, and Anne, his Navigation. \Vife, Thomas Grove, junior, Esquire, and John Hammond, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, that their Estates will be greatly damaged, should the Bill, depending in this House, for making navigable the River Stroudwater, in the County of Gloucester, from the River Severn, at or near Framiload, to Wallbridge, near the Town of Stroud, in the same County, pass; and therefore praying, that they may be heard by their Counsel against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass, or that they may have such Relief, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee* to whom the said Bill is committed \ and that the Petitioners, if they think fit, be heard by their Counsel against the said Bill, before the Committee.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard for the Bill, at the same time.

Recovery of A Petition of Edward Bulstrode, Clerk of the Juries in Small Debu. fa Court of Common Pleas, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, that, if the Method proposed by the Bill depending in this House, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, should take place, he will be in a Manner totally deprived of the Perquisites and Profits of his Office, which is Freehold, for Life; and therefore praying to be relieved in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, is committed; and that the Committee, if they think fit, do make Provision in the said Bill for the Petitioner.

Regulating An ingrossed Bill for the better regulating Elections Elections in \n the City of Norwich, and for preserving the Peace, good Order and Government, of the City, was read the Third time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass \ and that the Title be, An Act for the better regulating Elections in the City of Norwich, and for preserving the Peace, good Order, and Government, of the said City.

Ordered, That Mr. Waller Bacon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bastard A Bill for the more effectual indemnifying and secur-Children. fog Parishes, and other Places, from such Charges, as may arise from Bastard Children, born within the same, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bucks, Sir Roger Meredith, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Mr. Earle, Colonel Onslow, Mr. Scowen, Mr. Baron Birch, Mr. Page, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Geers, Mr. Annejley, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Jacomb, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Danvers, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Moor, Mr. Ongley, Mr. West by, Mr. Brudenell, Colonel Read, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Orlebar, Mr. Selwyn, Lord Gage, Sir Abra. Elton, Mr. Conduit, Mr. Heathcote, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Legh Master, Mr. Oglethorpe, Mr. Papillon, Mr. Holland, Mr. Hughes, Sir John Shelley, Sir Rowland Alston, Mr. Phillips, Mr, Tower, Mr. Tufnell> Mr. Byng, Mr. Cross, Mr. Metcalfe; *7

and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for the Relief and Employment of thj^Poor* poor Relief* was read a Second time. T &c.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Major Selwyn,

Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Treby, Mr. Plume)‘, Mr. Page,

Sir A bra. Elton, Mr. Oglethorpe, Mr. Papillon, Mr. Hucks,

Mr. Brookfbank, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Row>teyi Mr. Chet-wynd, Mr. Holland, Mr. Geers, Sir Henry Hoghton, Mr.

Metcalfe, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Colonel Read, Colonel Onslow, Lord Percival, Sir Geo. Cafwall, Mr. Baron Birch,

Lord Micklethwaite, Mr. Scrope, Mr. Hedworth, Mr.

Walpole, Mr. Alderman Child, Mr. Crojfe, Sir Wrn.

Milner, Sir Roger Meredith, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr.

Clayton, Mr. Dundafs, Mr. Moor, Mr. Tozvers, Sir Charles Wager, Mr. Norris, Sir Richard Lane, Mr. Pulteney,

Mr. Harrison, Mr. Hughes, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Wither, - Mr. Vyner, Lord Palmerston, Lord Gage, Sir John Shelley,

Sir Hum. Haworth, Lord Inchequin, Mr. Taylor, Mr.

Chauncy, Mr. Scowen, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Charlton, Mr.

Byng, Mr. Legh Master, Sir Tho. Aston, Mr. Eyles,

Mr. Phillips, Mr. Inwen, Mr. Bootle, Sir-T^o. Saunderson,

Mr. Burton, Mr. Farringdon, Mr. Bold, Mr. Knight, Mr.

Sloper, Lord Limerick, Mr. Jacomb e, Mr. Pelham, Mr.

Vernon, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Lewis, Colonel Bladen, Lord Tyrcornel, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Gybbon. Sir Nath. Curzon; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber*

A Bill for the Admission, and Regulation, of Brokers Regulating within the City of Bristol, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Abrd. n

Elton, Mr. Scrope, Mr. Jacomb, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Geers,

Sir Rowland Alston, Mr. Pearfe, Mr. Campbell, Dr. Saver,

Mr. Holland, Mr. Gould, Mr. Hucks, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Mr* Earle, Mr. Burchett, Mr. Alderman Perry,

Mr. Fane, Mr. Metcalfe, Mr. Orlebar, Mr. Longuevil/e,

Mr. Alderman Child, Mr. Pigott, Mr. Sambrooke, Sir Roger Meredith, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Lyddell, Mr. Bacon, and all the Members, that serve for the Counties of Somerset, Gloucester, and Wilts; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber,

The Orders of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the jjmehouse whole House, upon the Bill for making the Hamlet of Pariflu Limehouse, and Part of the Hamlet of Ratcliffe, in the Parish of St. Dunstan Stebonheath, alias Stepney, in the County of Middlesex, a distinct Parish, and for providing a Maintenance for the Minister of the new Church there.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Barnard took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Barnard reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto,. which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Wednesday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn- Deptford ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole new Church House, upon the Bill for providing a Maintenance for the Minister of the Parish Church of Saint Nicholas, Deptford, aiDtcnanCfk in the Counties of Kent and Surry.

Ordered, That Sir Wm. Tonge, Mr. Heatlicole, Mr. Kennett Gould, Mr. Nicoll, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Reynell, Sir John Navigation. Rushout, . Mr. Shippen, Mr. Price, Mr. Brodie, Mr.

Forbes, General Rosi, Mr. Butler, Mr. Thompson, Lord How, Mr. Sinclair, Sir Robert Munro, Mr. Scott, Sir

John

3 Geo.1L

— 30 A

John Barrington, Mr. Conduit t, Mr. Phillips, Mr. P^r-fons, Mr. Orlebar, Lord Cajilemain, Sir Robert Abdy, Mr. Rudge, Sir Gilbert Heathcote, Lord Gtfg*, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Myddelton, Mr. Campbell, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the Acts, of the 5th and 7th Years of his late Majesty's Reign, for making the River Kennet navigable from Reading to Newbury, in the County of Berks, more effectual, is committed.

And then the Lloufe adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 3* die Aprilis j

..... /

Anno 3* Georgii IId‘ Regis* 1730.

Prayers.

THE House being informed, that Mr. Frecker, from Increase

the Treasury, attended at the Door, he was called of Offices, in* and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, An Account of what Offices or Employments under the Crown have been erected since the 23th Day of October 1705, with what Salaries have been annexed thereto, the Dates of the First Commission, and the Name or Names of the Person or Persons, who now possess the fame: Stated from the Accounts thereof transmitted to the Treasury* to the 3d of April 1730.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account wafc read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is as followeth, viz.

1

Vgl. Cl,

6 R

Ah

b

5H

2* Aprilis.

A. 1730.

vffedual the Acts, of the First and Seventh Years of his late Majesty's Reign for making the River Kennett navigable from Reading to N, in the County of Berks, should pass; and therefore praying, that they may be heard by their Counsel against the said Bill, or so much thereof, as affects them.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners, if they think fit, be heard by their Counsel against the said Bill, before the Committee.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard for the Bill, at the same time.

Itroudwater A Petition of William , Esquire, and Anne, his Navigation. 'Wife, Thomas Grove, junior, Esquire, and John Hammond, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, that their Estates will be greatly damaged, should the Bill, depending in this House, for making navigable - the River Strotidwater,\ti the County of Gloucester, from the River Severn, at or near to Wallbridge,

near the Town of Stroud, in the same County, pass; and therefore praying, that they may be heard by their Counsel against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass, or that they may have such Relief, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners, if they think fit, be heard by their Counsel against the said Bill, before the Committee.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard for the Bill, at the same time.

Recovery of A Petition of Edward Bulstrode, Clerk of the Juries in Snail Debts, the Court of Common Pleas, was presented to the House, and read j alleging, that, if the Method proposed by the Bill depending in this House, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, should take place, he will be in a Manner totally deprived of the PerquiGtes and Profits of his Office, which is Freehold, for Life; and therefore praying to be relieved in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, is committed; and that the Committee, if they think fit, do make Provision in the said Bill for the Petitioner.

Regulating An ingrafted Bill for the better regulating Elections Elegions in in the City of Norwich, and for preserving the Peace, good Order and Government, of the City, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals; and that the Title be, An Act for the better regulating Elections in the City of Norwich, and for preserving the Peace, good Order, and Government, of the said City.

Ordered, That Mr. Waller Bacon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

taftard A Bill for the more effectual indemnifying and secur-Children. Jng Parishes, and other Places, from such Charges, as may arise from Bastard Children, bora within the same, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hucks, Sir Roger Meredith, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Mr. Earle, Colonel Onslow, Mr. Scowen, Mr. Baron Birch, Mr.

Mr. Lewis, Mr. Geers, Mr. Mr. Sandys, Mr.

Plumptre, Mr. Jacomb, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Danvers, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Moor, Mr. Mr. Westby,

Mr. Brudenell, Colonel Read, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Orlebar, Mr. Selwyn, Lord Gage, Sir Abra. Elton, Mr. Conduit, Mr. Heathcote, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Legh Master, Mr. Oglethorpe, Mr. Papillon, Mr. Holland, Mr. Hughes, Sir John Shelley, Sir Rowland Alston, Mr. Phillips, Mr, Tower, Mr. Tufnell-, Mr. Byr.g, Mr. Mr. Metcalfe-,

1?

and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for the Relief and Employment of thtfPoor, was read a Second time. f

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Major , Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Treby, Mr. Mr. Page,

Sir Abra. Elton, Mr. Oglethorpe, Mr. Papillon, Mr. Hucks, Mr. Brooksbank, Mr. Lotvther, Mr. , Mr. Chet-

wynd, Mr. Holland, Mr. Geers, Sir Henry Hoghlon, Mr. Metcalfe, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Colonel Read, Colonel Onslow, Lord Percival, Sir Geo. Mr. Baron Birch,

Lord Micklethwaite, Mr. Scrope, Mr. Hedworth, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Alderman Child, Mr. GroJJe, Sir Wm. Milner, Sir Roger Meredith, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Dundafs, Mr. Moor, Mr. Towers, Sir Charles Wager, Mr. Norris, Sir Richard Lane, Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Harrison, Mr. Hughes, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Wither, Mr. Vyner, Lord Palmerston, Lord Gage, Sir John Shelley,

Sir Hum. Howorth, Lord Mr. Taylor, Mr.

Chauncy, Mr. Scowen, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Byng, Mr. Legh Master, Sir Aston, Mr. Eyles, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Inwen, Mr. Bootle, Svc Tho. Saunderson, Mr. Burton, Mr. Farrtngdon, Mr. Bold, Mr. Knight, Mr. Sloper, Lord Limerick, Mr. Jacombe, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Lewis, Colonel Bladen, Lord Tyrcornel, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Gybbon, Sir Nath. Curzon-, and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for the Ad million, and Regulation, of Brokers within the City of Bristol, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Abrd. Elton, Mr. Scrope, Mr. Jacomb, Mr. Sandys, Mr. , Sir Rowland Alston, Mr. Pearfe, Mr. Campbell, Dr. Sayer, Mr. Holland, Mr. Gould, Mr. Hucks, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Mr. Earle, Mr. Burchett, Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. Fane, Mr. Metcalfe, Mr. Orlebar, Mr. Longuevillt, Mr. Alderman Child, Mr. Pigott, Mr. Sambrotke, Sir Roger Meredith, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Lyddell, Mr. Bacon-, and all the Members, that serve for the Counties of Somerset, Gloucester, and Wilts; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The Orders of the Day being read j

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for making the Hamlet of lamehouse, and Part of the Hamlet of Rat cliffe, in the Parish of St. Dunstan Stebonheaalias Stepney, in the County of Middlesex,a distinct Parish, and for providing

a Maintenance for the Minister of the new Church there.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Barnard took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. '

Mr. Alderman Barnard reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Ti Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for providing a Maintenance for the Minister of the Parish Church of Saint Nicholas, Deptford, in the Counties ot Kent and

Ordered, That Sir Wm. Tonge, Mr. Heathcote, Mr. Gould, Mr. Nicoll, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Sir John

Rushout, Mr. Shippen, Mr. Price, Mr. Brodie, Mr. Forbes, General Ross, Mr. Mr. Thompson, Lord

How, Mr. Sinclair, Sir Robert Munro, Mr. Scott. Sir

John

Poor Relief, ice.

Regulating Enters ia

Bristol.

Ximehouft

pjrifiii

Deptford new Church Minister'. Maintenance.

Rennet:

Navigation.

O

o

FT

<J Surveyor of Boflcn, New England ——

t- Surveyor of the Riding Officers from- Rye to Pavenfea

*0 A Jeuquer in London - - -

V Additional Riding Oilicer in the Isle of Shepey - -Solicitor for all Bonds and criminal Prosecutions, in London ——

Commander of the Prince of Wales Sloop, to cruise between Dover, , and Harwich, and

inspect other Things - - - - " - -

Commander of the Queen Caroline Sloop, Rochester - - - - -

Commander of the PrincessCarolina, Sandwich - - - -Commander of the Walker Sloop at Deal ——

Riding Officers to guard the new Canal, Rye ——

Inspector of the Out-port Collectors Accounts of the Customs Register of trading Ships ——

From the Excise Office. Auditor of the Duties on Hides

Comptroller of the Cash ——

Inspector-general of the inland Duties upon Coffee, Tea, and Chocolate

From the Postmaster-general.

An Assistant to the Comptroller ——

Persons to take care of the Franks, the returned, and mif-sent Letters -

Inspector of the Accounts between the Clerks of the Roads and the Accomptant-general Cheque upon th# Letter Carriers - - - -

From the Commissioners of Salt Duties.

A Supervisor for Liverpool and Frodsham A Supervisor for the County of Cornwall *1 A Riding Officer in Collection

100 - - .22 November 17.26 - -

130 per Ann. - - - 5 July 1727 - -

100 - - 23 Feb. - -

60 - - 15 October 1728 - -

250 - 28 Feb. 1728 -

7 0 per Ann. - - - 5 March m -

50 - - D° -

50 - - D# -

50 - - D° - -

60 - 18 Apr. 1729 -

400 for hhnself 200 for Clerks i - x 1 June,6° Anna - -

500 - 24 December 1707 - -

Jonath. Pew ‘Thomas Martin Thomas Biggleft

Thomas Gobble, junior Thomas Bi ian, Esquire

Richard Clement

Walter Seed Stephen Long James Steers Henry Orton

'John Jacob, junior Robert Pringle, Esquire

Memorandum: Since the 25th October 1705, there have been created in London, and the Out-ports, several inferior Officers, whose Salaries do not exceed 50. per Annum, so not included

in this Account.

£. 500 per Annum for hrm-lelf, and Clerks £ 600 per Annum for himself, and Clerks £.500 per Ann.

7

3

{ -

/* A £s\.i* K f m _ "V 1

14 Feb. 1722

29 July 1725

Memorandum: There have been several Clerks, and other inferior Officers, established, on Account of new Duties under the Care of the Commissioners of Excise, since the Year 1705, who have no other Appointment, but by Minute of the Excise Board -, and ic is therefore humbly apprehended* they were not designed to be included in this Account.

Wm. Burroughs, Esquire

Jof. Pennington, Esquire Humph. Thayer, Esquire

£. 100 per Ann. 11 Mar. 1716-

£. 100 per Ann. each D*

£. 90 per Ann. D*

£. 60 per Ann. D° - v

Joseph Bell

Parsons (John Daye John Searle John Stubbs

Memorandum: The aforegoing Officers are all the new*created Officers since the uniting the General? Port Offices in England and Scotland by an Act, of the Ninth of the late Queen.

£. 80 per Amt. S^p. 1710 -

£. 100 per Ann. 2 July 1716 -

£. 60 per Ann. 11 July 1723 - - -

Jof. Shears John Chubb Thomas Vaughan

Memorandum: The several inferior Officers in the Salt Duties, as Weighers, and Watchmenj establishetf since the Year 1705, whose Salaries do not exceed £.50 are not included in this Account-

5 Geo. II.

From the Commissioners of the Stamp Duties. Third Clerk to the Receiver-general ——

Two Inspectors of Courts and Corporations, and Riding Surveyors -

Register and Comptroller of the Apprentice Duty -

Receiver's Fourth Clerk ——

Comptroller's Fourth Clerk - -

Register of Pamphlets, idc. ——

Comptroller in North Britain ——

Examiner and Accomptant Clerk ——

Inspetftor of Courts and Corporations, and Riding Surveyor

From the Commissioners for Taxes.

Three additional Commissioners

A Secretary -

A Solicitor - -

From the Commissioners for licensing Hawkers and Pedlars.

An additional Surveyor for the City of London ——

A Riding Surveyor -

Two additional Riding Surveyors ——

A Comptroller ——

A Cashier, at £. 100. per Annum instead of Two Clerks, of £. 50. per Annum each

From the Commissioners for licensing of Hackney Coaches, fsV. Five Commissioners for licensing Hackney Coaches, &c.

Receiver -

0 eg' Register and Clerk

1 — H n' Solicitor -

CD Q_ Housekeeper

CT Messenger -

Another Messenger

u v § Street-keeper

U 0 £ Another Street-keeper

o

nK A

om.

r Kill/ »7oyntt-/i t tm

r,ot loxu/Jichcnclcc! in *ny of (lie rtf. >rc«oi

6 o per-Ahn.

100 per Ann. ea.

ico-per AnnAorhjtnself, and ( I Clerk -

Ap. 1706 22 August 1706

20^.1710 -

Powell.

I Holly.

Hen. Montague.

John

IVm. Cotnyns.

John Pain.

Samuel Ro/s.

Samuel Scot.

Roger Baines.

Memorandum: The several inferior Officers, established /ince the Year 1765, as Welters, Layers, and Takers, of Paper for the Rolling Prefics, Inspectors of Gaming-houses. Watchmen, and others, whose Salaries do not exceed £.50. per Ann. are not included in this Lift.

60 per Ann. - - 2 0 January 1713 -

60 ' - - - 11 Feb. 1714 - -

80 - - 19 D° -

150 - - 24 Mar. 1714- -

ioo - - 9 Apr. 1715 - -

too - " 16 December 1718 -

Cn

*v>

00

L

500 per Ann. ea. - - 2 June 1711 m m

- 90 per Ann. - - - D* m m

ICO * D° m m

50 per Ann. - 28 Feb. 170.]-

- 100 - 19 July 1716 - -

- 100 per Ann. ea. - - 26 July 1715 -

- 100 per Ann. - - 7 Mar. 1723. m m

100 Anno 1714 m - -

c 2 June 1715

150 per Ann. ea. - Vi m - -

62 per Ann. - D* —

- 80 - D'

- 50 - D° -

- 40 - D* -

- ' 40 - D'

- 40 D*

- 35 - D*

- 35 - D* - -

Wm. C!eland,

T/10. Medlyc John Bromfei/d. Robert Manning. Geo. Wijbn.

(The Names of these additional Surveyors cannot be ascertained, they being promiscuously entered amongst the other Surveyors. Matthew Snoiv

Thomas Jett.

CJohn Way,

) John Idle,

Francis Capper,

Thomas Sutton,

John Philpot.

John Walworth.

Charles Bolton.-

John Pye.

Bridget Cooke.

Richard Colton.

Edxvard Dickcnjon.

Robert Davis.

IVm. Wat ing.

30 Aprilis. 73

Commissioners

Other Offices or Employments, not comprehended in any of the aforegoing Accounts, o' Keeper of his Majesty's Palace, called Denmark House, alias Somerset House.

Collector and Transmitter of Treaties, Instructions, and Papers, in the Offices of the Secretaries of ‘ State, or elsewhere ..... '

Surveyor of the Gardens and Waters of the Royal Palaces Treasurer and Receiver for 50 New Churches

Receiver of the Deduction of Six Pence per Pound for the Use of the Civil List

Principal Surgeon, and Serjeant Surgeon ——

Surveyor of his Majesty's Woods on the Continent of America -

Surveyor of Lands m his Majesty's Province of Nova Scotia -

For Three Under Game-keepers at Newmarket ——

Clerk of the Works, and Surveyor of the Meivs at Charing Cross -

Physician to his Majesty's Houshold ——

Paymaster of Pensions to French Refugees for Religion, and some others

Chymist to his Majesty ——

Secretary to the Board of Works ——

Surveyor of Paintings at Wind for, Hampton Court, , and Banqueting House a

w Inspector, Examiner, and Comptroller, of the great Wardrobe -

Deputy to -Richard Arundell. Esquire, Surveyor of the Works - -

Collector or Receiver of the Tenths of the Clergy -

Professorof modern History in the University of Cambridge - -

ProfelTor of modern History in the University of Oxford -

Collector, Sorter, and Digester, of Books, Papers, idc. at the Treasury -Bath and Gloucester King at Arms ——

Brunswick Herauld ——

Officers of the Bath

Blanc Courfier Herauld -

Writer and Embellisher of foreign Dispatches

-1

Whitehall -

Four Game-keepers within the District of Ten Miles about his Majesty's Palaces at Richmond and Hampton Court ——

£. 100. per Amt.

£. 400. for himself; and for' Clerks, and Incidents, on Bills, to be signed by the > Secretary of State, not exceeding £. too.

- £.500.

- £3<x>- -

3d. per Pound out of all'j Monies by him paid into the Receipt of the Ex- I chequer, and 100. per Annum, for Clerks and Incidents - - -J

£.396. 13/. \d.

£. 200. per Ann. £.200.forhimfdf, and, £.40o. 1 for his Deputies and Af- > fi Hants - - - j

£ 60.

1

2 s.3 d.per Diem for himself, 2 j. 2 d.for a Labourer - J £.200. per Ann.

No Salary

£. 100. per Ann.

- £ 100.

- £.10©.

£.500. for himself and Clerks £. 100. per Ann.

- £.300.

- £.400.

- £400.

£. 200.

40.

4.26. 13 j. 4 d.per Annum -

£5

£.26. 13 s. 4 d.per Annum -£.60. per Ann.

£.30. per Ann. each, and £.10. per Ann. for a Livery

1

14 July, s*Gto. I*1 -20 Jan. 11* Geo. I®1

15 June 1715 -

io July, x x* Anna -

29 September, 8* Geo. Iml -

Vacant,

Geo. Ttlfon, Esquire.

Cka. Dartiquenave, Esquire.

Nath. Blackerby.

Francis Burton, Esquire.

commencing Lady-day 1715

24 December 1725 -

25 June 17*8

24 October 1715

28 Feb. 1715 -

commencing Lady-day 1716 Establishment dated 18 Apr. 1716 -

26 Apr. X723 -

4 May 1726 -

24 January 1727

10 June 1729 -

6 May 1726 -

6 December 1717 -

28 September 1724 -D° -

2 June 1726 - -

25 September 1727 -

6 October 17 2 7 -

18 May 1725 -

11 Apr. 1728 -

6 October 1727 14 December 1727

2 September 1725 -

Claudius Amyand, Esquire.

David Dunbar, Esquire.

Cha. Duke o f Grafton.

Thomas Ripley, Esquire.

Geo. Lewis Tejfier Esquire.,) Jacob de la Mot he Blagny,

S Esquire.

Thomas Edwards.

Nick. Hawkfmore, Esquire.

Wm. Kent, Esquire.

John Halls, Esquire.

West by Gill, Esquire.

John Ellon, Esquire.

Samuel Harris.

David Gregory.

Henry Fane.

Grey Longueville, Esquire. Edmund Sawyer. f John Duke of- Montague,

Grand Mailer, for the (. Officers.

John Anstis, junior.

Sir Thomas Brand.

(Wm. Lewen,

) Francis Habberly,

\ Samuel Mathews,

L Edmund Gooch.

3 Geo. II. 3° Aprilis. .529

g

cq'

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

cS

FT

Commissioners for felling French Lands at Christophers -

Receiver of Moneys arising by Sale of French Lands in 5/.

Clerk of the Works at Greenwich - -

Paymaster of Exchequer Bills

£. 100. per £. 700, -

Comptroller of Exchequer Bills ——

Comptroller of Lottery 1710 ——

Paymaster of D* - -

Solicitor to attend the Court of Exchequer, to take Notice of all Causes and Proceedings there") relating to the Crown - - - -)

Person appointed to have the Guard, Custody, Care, and Command, of all the Piers, Cranes, Weighs,") and Quarries, belonging to his Majesty in the Isle of Portland - - - ~S

Keeper of the Books, Records, and other Writings, relating to the forfeited Estates in England Person appointed to fort, digest, and methodise, the Records, Papers, Writings, 13c. lying in the) Court of the Receipt of Exchequer - - - '>

Keeper of the Lottery and Exchequer Bill Office -Inspector of the Out-port Eooks ——

Treasurer to the Corporation of Queen Anne's Bounty -

Secretary to the Corporation of Queen Anne's Bounty -A Storekeeper of Wines ——

A Clerk of the Bakehouse ——

A Yeoman of the Mouth to the Queen, in the Pantry -

Two Yeomen in the Queen's Kitchen ——

Three Yeomen of the household Kitchen -

£ % oo. -£ 100.

£ 4co.

£.150. per Am.

£. 200. per Ann.

£.420. per Ann. for himself,] Clerks, and Incidents -> £. 100. per Ann.

I.300.

£*5°' -£.250. per Ann.

£.\oo.

£.80 per Ann.

£.60.

£.60. each -£.60 each.

2^ June 1726 -

10 May 1728 -24 Feb. 1729 -

22 June 1709 -

24 Apr. 1723 -14 July 1710 -

26 D" -

27 December 1709

31 December 1714

9 October 1723

3 July i>]24 -

2 August 1727 24 June 1712 -10 Mar. 1714 -2d October 1716

Jan. 1718 -1 July 1727 -D°

D° -D* -

}Wm. Mathew, Gilbert Flemmings Edward Mann.

Gilbert Flemming.

Leo fVooddefon.

( Edmund Britiffe,

Edmund Anguxfli,

( Edmund Ball.

Peter Leheup, Esquire.

Geo. Dennis, Esquire.

Thomas Spence, Esquire.

Richard Andreivs, junior.

Edmund Tucker, Esquire.

Geo. Turbill, Esquire.

John Lawton, Gent.

Anne King, and Mary Eccles. Samuel Sturgejs.

Jeffery Elweys, Esquire.

Edtvard Barker, Esquire.

James Cockburn.

Thomas Holland.

John Humstone.

( Thomas IV ells,

[Emanuel Hicks.

(Mark Verdier,

Jof. Le Meray,

John Sells.

Master Pounder of his Majesty's Brass Ordnance ——

Superintendant of the Founderies in Great Britain, and all other his Majesty's Dominions Under Secretary to the Master general of the Ordnance -

Memorandum: All the Offices or Employments under the Crown in Scotland, since the Year 1705> were settled and established in consequence of the Union of the Two Kingdoms, which took place the t ft May 1707; and it is humbly apprehended, they were not deligned to be included in this Account.

Andrew Schalch.

Stephen Biffe, Esquire.

James , Esquire.

M. Frecker,

April \ 730.

£.219. per Ann. 16 May 1718-

- £.500. per Ann. 27 September 172 2 -

£.150. per Ann.- 1 June 1727 -

Cr*

t»

O

'OiLl-ir Stnjdf/'

yGeo. II. ? April,531

The House being informed, that Mr. , from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, foreign Salt -An Account of the Quantity of all foreign Salt, im-Imported into ported into Cornwall for Five Years, to Christmas 1728; Cornwall. and also.

Rice im* An Account of the Quantity of Rice imported into the ported and port Gf London, and exported from thence, from Christmas export . ijzi, to Christmas 1728, distinguishing the Countries, from whence imported, and to which exported; and also.

An Account of the Quantity of Rice, imported into the Port of London, and exported from thence, from Christmas 1699, to Christmas 1705, distinguishing the Countries, from whence imported, and to which exported*

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table* to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

*2^2 Mr- Alderman Perry reported from the Committee, to Hew York, whom the Bill for importing Salt from Europe into the Colony of New York in , was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at he Clerk's Table; where the Report was read; and the Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Sir Nathanael Curzon reported from the Committee, to te* whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Manor of Claxby, and divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Lincoln, the Estate of the honourable James Cavendish, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, for discharging Four thousand Two hundred Pounds, secured upon those and other Lands, was committed j that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned, had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

The said Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Sir Nathanael Curzon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

said Circuit, or be otherwise relieved, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, is committed; and that the Committee, if they think fit, do make Provision in the said Bill for the Petitioner.

A Petition of William Taylor, junior. Clerk of tile Hun- Recovery of dred and Forest Courts of Macclesfield, in the County Small Debt*. Palatine of Chester, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, that his Office is for Life, and he makes out all Process, and has the Benefit of all Proceedings, in the said Courts, which have Jurisdiction in, and try, Actions of Debt, and other personal Actions, of any Value, at a small Expence; but, if the Bill, depending in this House, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, should pass, he will be deprived of the greatest Part of the just Perquisites and Profits of his Office: And therefore praying, that, in case the said Bill should pass, he or his Deputy, conforming to the Tenor thereof, may, as a Recompence for the Loss in his Office, make out Summons, and be constituted Clerk of the civil or Bills, which shall be prosecuted against Persons within the said Hundred and Forest, and be appointed to enter and register all Petitions, Bills, and Appeals, and all Proceedings thereon, or have such other Relief, as to the House shall seem just and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, is committed; and that the Committee, if they think fit, do make Provision in the said Bill for the Petitioner.

Ordered, That Robert Middleton, Esquire have Leave Leave of to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Absence. Occasions.

A Billforamending the Acts thereifi mentioned, relating Bricks

to the making of Bricks, was read a Second time. and Tiles

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman making. Child, Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. Mr.

minique, Mr. Pturner, Mr. York, Mr. 7'reby, Mr. TilJ'on,

Sir Archibald Grant, Sir Rowland Alston, Mr.

Mr. Bacon, Mr. Longueville, Sir Wm. Mr.

Campbell, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Winning!on, Mr.

Onglev, Mr. Williams, Mr. Guidott, Mr Mr

Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Walcot, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Geers, Mr. Nucks, Mr. Martin, Mr. , Mr.

East, Sir Roger Meredith, Mr. Plum.ptre, Air.

Mr. Clayton, Sir Rickard Grosvenor, Colonel Onslow, Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Grosvenor, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Sir John

Rufhout, Colonel Negus, Mr. Baron Birch, Mr. Duckett', and all the Members, that serve for the Counties of

Middlesex, Hertford, Surrey, KentF.ffex, London, and Westminster: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of Thomas junior, Esquire, Clerk of 1111 e u' the Assizes for the several Counties and Cities in the

Circuit, was presented to the House, and read j alleging, that he is intitled to certain small Fees on Trials by prius in the said Circuit, as belonging to his Office, which is very ancient, and his Freehold; and he is obliged, by himself, or Deputy, to attend at all Assizes, and will be much prejudiced in his Fees, in case the Bill, depending in this House for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, should pals, and yet be liable to the same Attendance; and may therefore, with greater Ease, and less Expence, do all Matters, which, in pursuance of the said Bill, are to bedone at the Assizes, without introducing any new Officer, and thereby prevent the Delay, which may happen in the Course of Proceedings, by having different Officers: And therefore praying, that he, and the Clerk of the Assizes for the Time being, in the said Circuit, may be appointed Clerk of the civil Bills within the Vol. 21.

Mr. Vincent reported from the Committee, to whom Regulating the Petition of several Gentlemen, and other Persons, Thames whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Proprietors and WatermCl1> O*vners of the several Ferry-boats, Row-barges, and Coal &c‘ Barges, employed between Kingston Bridge, in the County of Surry, and Windsor Bridge, in the County of Berks, was referred; that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, together with the Resolution of the Committee thereupon, to the House:

And he read the Report in his Place, arid afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read; and the Report, and Resolution of the Committee, are as followeth; viz.

That the Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, dated the 26th Day of February lad, j*o-ceeded to examine the Matter of the said Petition; and, to prove the Allegations of the lame,

Tire

1

532 f Aprilis. A. 1730.

The Act of Parliament, passed the last Session, for making more effectual several Acts passed, relating to Watermen, Wherrymen, and Lighterman, rowing on the River Thames, and for better ordering and governing such Watermen, Wherrymen, and Lightermen, was produced; and that Part of the said Act was read, which restrains all Persons, having not served seven Years Ap-prentiedhip to a Waterman, Wherryman, or Lighterman, from rowing or working any Boat, Wherry, Lighter, or other Vessel or Craft, upon the River, for Hire, or Gain, except Trinity Men, Fishermen, Ballastmen, and such, as are employed in rowing Western Barges, Mill Boats, Chalk Hoys, Faggot and Wood Lighers, Dung Boats, and Gardeners Boats.

That the Petitioners called Brent Reynell Spiller, Esquire, who, being examined, said, that he owns a Ferry-boat at: That,

since the passing of the Act of Parliament, his Ferryman and Servant were taken up, and carried before a Justice of Peace, for working the said Ferry Boat, having not served an Apprentice ship to a Waterman, or Wherryman; but, by reason Two Witnesses were not produced, to prove the fame, as the Act directs, they were not committed.

And he further gave Evidence, that one John Sedge-wick, who had worked Thirty Years in a flat-bottomed Boat, and his Son, were sent to the House of Correction for so doing, not having served an Apprenticeship to a Waterman, or Wherryman:

That Luggage Barges, commonly called Coal Barges, carry Corn, Meal, Malt, (Ac. to London, and bring back Coals, Deal Boards, and all other manner of merchantable Goods:

That, Mr. Reynell fays, he now gives his Ferryman Ten Shillings per Week, and Lodging, but he formerly gave no more than Three Shillings and Six Pence 10 a Man much more able; and he, by keeping up the Ferry, now pays Ten Shillings per Week to his Servant; so he is above Forty Shillings out of Pocket yearly, besides paying parochial Taxes for the fame.

That his Ferry-boat is u'ed to ferry over his own Cattle, Grass, and Manure for Land:

That the restrair.ing Men from working of flat Boats is very burthensome to his Majesty's Subjects.

Edward Goldkawk said, that it is very chargeable to the Owners of Ferry-boats being obliged to work their Boats by such Persons only, as have served an Apprenticeship; and, before the passing of the Act aforesaid, used to employ Persons, who had more Strength, and Judgment, to work the same with Poles: That the Price of carrying Goods is now advanced; for he paid One Shilling and Eight Pence per Load more now, than formerly; and, if such Persons, as have not served an Ap- prenticeship, were allowed to work, there would be as many, if not more, fit and able Persons, to serve his Majesty, and the Merchants; and since the making of the Act, several Persons have been forced to leave off their Trade, whereby they are destitute of any Manner of Business, whilst others carry it on.

John Sedgewick, aged Fifty Years, said, that he has

worked as a Bargemen for Thirty Years, but never served an Apprenticeship to a Waterman: That, since the Act passed, he was carried before a Justice of the Peace, and being not able to pay the Penalty of Ten Pounds, by the Act laid for working without having served an Appren-ship of Seven Years, was (ent to the House of Correction, and there confined for Fourteen Days.

Henry Saunders, being examined, confirmed Sedge-wick's Evidence; and said, he cannot work his Barge, fearing, he shall be fined, or sent to the House of Correction.

Upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to the following Resolution:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend a Clause in an Act,

'7

passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for making more effectual several Acts passed, relating to Watermen, Wherry-men, and Lightermen, rowing on the River Thames, and for better ordering " and governing such Watermen, Wherrymen, and " Lightermen," so far as the same relates to Ferry-boats, and flat-bottomed Boats.

Then the said Clause in the aforesaid Act, of the last Session, relating to the navigating of Barges and Boats by Persons, not having served Seven Years to any Waterman, Wherryman, or Lighterman, except as therein is excepted, was read.

And Mr. Vincent moved the House, pursuant to the Resolution of the Committee.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend a Clause in an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for making " more effectual several Acts passed, relating to Watermen, Wherrymen, and Lightermen, rowing on the " River Thames, and for better ordering and governing " such Watermen, Wherrymen, and Lightermen," so far as the same relates to Ferry-boats, and flat-bottomed Boats; and that Mr. Vincent, Mr. and

Colonel Onslow, do prepare, and bring in the lame.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britaik called Scotland, for the Service of the Year 1730, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year 1730; for exempting from the said Duties Cyder and Perry, used for distilling; for ascertaining the Bounty for Malt exported; for better preventing Frauds in the malting of Com for Exportation; for making good the Deficiency of a late Malt Act; and for giving further Time to Clerks and Apprentices to pay Duties, omitted to be paid for their Indentures and Contrafts.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Turner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of Thomas Brumell, of Newcastle upon Tyne, Hoaftman, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, that in October 1728, a Commission of Bankruptcy was issued against him, and, in Obedience thereto, he surrendered himself, and delivered up his whole Effects, from which would have arose to his Creditors above Eight Shillings in the Pound, and the Commissioners signed his Certificate within the Time of the late Act, concerning Bankrupts; but that Certificate not being returned into Chancery before the Expiration of that Act, the Commissioners apprehend, they cannot now make him the Allowance appointed by the said Act, for the necessary Relief of him, and his poor Family, who have continued ever since in a most neoeffitous Condition; and he is apprehensive, he is still liable to the Actions of his Creditors, and may, notwithstanding hehasactually delivered up his whole Effects, be thrown into Gaol: And therefore praying the Consideration of the House, and such Relief, as to the House shall seem reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Bill for better regulating of Juries, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Th*

Supply Bill; Duties on Malt, &c.

Brummtll's Certificate of Bankruptcy

f-

Regulating

Juries.

3 Geo. II.

3° — 6°

533

Recovery of The Order being read, for the House to resolve itself Bmall Debts. ;nt0 a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts;

' And the House being moved, that the Fourth Section

tof an Act, passed in the Twenty first Year of YJxngJames the Fiift, intituled, <c An Act for avoiding of vexatious u Delays, caused by removing of Actions and Suits out *c of inferior Courts,'* might be read;

The same was read accordingly.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, i^gmmitted, that they have Power to receive a Clause, of Siaufesi ter pre* 4^ vent the frequent Removals of Actions and Suits out of

inferior Courts.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conduit took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conduit reported from the Committee, that they had made some Progress in the Biil4 and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit It v again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday next, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itfeligteo £ Committee i. of tj^whole House, to consider fu^BPof the Bill for the iiftfe easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts.

a Iw other Ordcf of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday ^Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the v f who^ftHouse, to consider further of the Supply granted* to his Majesty.

Ordered, That Sir John Dutton have Leave to make a ^Motfefy it being past Four of the Clock;

And he moved tive House, That^tg^Dommittee. to $ J , whom th,e' Bill for making navigable-mc River Sjrpud-* water*, intWOounty of Gloycgfter, from the River it or i^ear Framiload, to Waflbridge, near the Strdvd, in the same County, is committed, mayMiave Leave tgrfit Tomorrow Morning, notwithstanding the Adjournment of the House.

' % Ordered, That the Ct mmittee, to whom the said Bill

is committed, have Leave to lit Tomorrow Morning, notwithstanding the Adjournment of the House.

Committee Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec-

ofPrivileges, tions be adjourned.

And then, the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Duke of Beaufort's Name.

Luncey 6° die Aprilis y

Anno 3° Georgii IF* Regis, 1730.

Pr

SIR*P Hynde Cotton reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for obliging Henfy, Duke of Beaufort, and Frances, Duchess of Beaufort, and her Children, to take the additional Surname, and bear the Arms, of Scudamore, pursuant to a Settlement, made by James, late Lord Scudamore, in the kingdom of Ireland, and for vesting in the said Duke, in Fee, the Manors of Wickhail and Ditton-cnmois, and Lands in the County of Cambridge, late the Estate of the said Lord Scudamore, in lieu of the Portion, provided by him for his Daughter* the said Duchess, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true* and that the Parties concerned cad given their CmTents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to renoit the Bill to the 1 loiile, without any Amendment: And lie delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Vol. 2L

The said Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir John Hynde Cotton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Sir Charles Turner presented to the House (according to Supply Bill Order) a Bill for raising Five hundred and Fifty thousand Exchequer Pounds by Exchequer Bills, towards the Supply granted 11 *' to his Majesty, and for the further Application of the Produce of the Sinking Fund; and the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Ssecond time.

Sir William Strickland presented to the Hoiafe (accord- £0a] Trade, ing to Order) a Bill for the Defter*Regulation of the CoaliTrade; and the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time;

A PeUftfcof the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens, of Worcester the City^o^ft'orcester, was presented to the House, and Wor^oufe‘ read; alleging, that by the Bill depending in this House, for amending, and making niore effectual, an Act, made inTlte Second and Third Years of the Reign *of the late Qj^een Anne, intituled, "An Act for the*erecting a " workhouse in the City* of Worcester, and for setting " the Poor on Work there," should the same pass, their " Rights and privileges will be very much affected, and prejudiced: And praying, they may be heard by their Cuunfel against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners, if they think fit, be heard before the said Committee, by their Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard for the Taid Bill at the same time.

Sir Charles Turner presented to the House (according Supply Pill to Order) a Bill for taking off certain Duties on Salt, and Duties on* for making good any Deficiencies in the Funds, that may Salt, ice. happen thereby; and the same was received* and read the First time. Jtofc.

Resolved, That the Bill be Second ti^e.

Ordered, That the said Bill be rbacha Second tithe upon Wednesday Morning next.

A Bill for reducing the Annuity, or Fund, of the Fast India united East India Company, and for ascertaining tffeir Company. Right £>f Trade to the East Indies, and the Continuance of their Corporation for that Purpose, upon the Terms therein mentioned, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order being read, for the House to resolve itself Way* into aCommitteeof the whole House, to consider further and Mtanl* of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account of what Suilis of Money remain in the Exchequer* on Account of the Arrears of Land and Malt Taxes, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of what Mtttly has been paid into the Receipt ot Exchequer, on®P>unt of the Sale of the French Parr of the Island.of St. Christophers* v be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of die Committee. r

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

6 T §ir s

34

6" — f

A. 1730.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Poor Law*. Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, at Twelve of the Clock, relblve itself into" a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for amending the Laws relating to the Settlement of the Poor; and nothing to intervene.

Trade to Africa.

Exchequer Fills,

Ordered, That the Answer of the Commissioners of Trade and Plantations to an Order of the honourable the House of Commons, of the Twentieth of January requiring a State of the African Trade, presented to the House the Twenty-seventh Day of January 1708, be referred to the Committee of the whole House^who are to consider further of the Supply granted to hJPjLjesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon next,

at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty; and nothing to intervene.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 7* die \

Anno 3® Georgii IIJi Piegis, 1730.

P X AYERS.

H E House being informed that Mr. Chocke, from 1 the Exchequer, attended at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, An Account of the Exchequer Bills, and Loans, on Lam! and Malt Taxes, which were (landing out at Christmas 1727, and what Bills have been since issued, and Loans made, and now discharged, with the Interest, which has been paid on the fame, and out of what Funds, and how much is now Handing out, dtllin-guishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other tapers of this Session.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, and principal Traders, of the Town of Wisbech, in the Isle ot Ely and County of Cambridge, in the behalfol themselves, and all other trading Persons in the said Town, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of great Decays in their Trade, occasioned by the clandestine Trade and Dealings, carried on by Hawker?, Pedlars, and petty Chapmen; and praying, that they may be suppressed, or fucij other Relief given again!! them, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

SnwinSebtf Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Head boroughs, Burgesses, and principal Inhabitants, of the Borough of Harwich, in flic County of Essex, was presented to the 4 House, and read; praying, that their ancient Rights and

Piivifegvs, of trying their Actions in their own Courts,

- which is a great Ease and Convenience, may he preserved to them, and not be prejudiced by the Bill depending in this House, for the more easy and l'peedy Recovery ot small Debts.

Ordered, That the said Petition, do lie upon the Tabic

Hawkers and Pedlari.

Mr. Whitworth reported from the Committee, to whom Sati-fan', the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming a Conveyance, and Surrenders, of certain Freehold and Copyhold Lands, and Hereditaments, by Satisfatt and Jemima Satisfatt, both Infants, unto

Lord Bishop of Coventry and Litchfield, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee bad directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

The said Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do paf-.

Ordered, That Mr. Whitworth do carry the Bill to the L >rds, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Bill for railing Five hundred and Fifty thousand Supplyp. Pounds by Exchequer 15:11s, towards the Supply granted ^hrquer to his Majesty; and for the further Application of the L ,kc' Produce of the Sinking Fund, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. ,; j

Resolved, Thatj he Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole Hj§vH? -1

Resolved, ThifcWnis House will, Tomorrow Seven- night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

L- _ L

A Petition of Thomas Maidstone, F.f.piirc, John rRcct>v*rvof

and Wm. Wafon, Gentlemen, on behalf of themselver, Small Ditto1, and 7 homas Dun comb.Gentleman, was presented to the'

House, and read; alleging, that, if the Bill, depending in this House, for the more easy and speedy Recover} ‘fr Imall Debts, should pals, they will be in a great Meafiu ;v deprived of their ancient and just Fees, as Clerks in thei Treasury of the Court of Common Pleas, and Ckiks of the Juratas ot that Court; which Offices they purchased? lor valuable Considerations, and have Freeholds therein, for Life: And therefore praying, that they, and the Clerks'of those Offices, for the Time being, may be constituted Clerks of the civil or Engl Bills, or Petitions, in their respective Cities and Counties, for the said Court, or have such other Relief, as to the House shall seem just and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more easy and l'peedy Recovery of Imall Debts, is committed; and that the Committee, if they think fit, do make Provision in the said Bill for the Petitioners.

A Petition of Roger Jenyns, Esquire, Clerk of the Affixes for the Norfolk Circuit, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, that he is entitled to small Fees on Trials by Nisi priusin that Circuit, as belonging to his

Office, which is Freehold; and he is obliged b^imself, or Deputy, to attend at all Assizes; and that jflHne Bill depending in the House, for the more easy aw speedy . Recovery of small Debts, he will be much prejudiced, and yet liable to the said Attendance: And therefore, and to prevent the Delay, which may happen in the Course of , Proceedings, by having different Officers, lie prays, that he, and the Clerk of the Assize, for the Time being, :n the Norfolk Crcuit, may be appointed Clerk of the civil Bills within the said Circuit, or be otherwise relieved, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House. to whom the Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of fnudl Debts, is committed; and that the Committee, if they think fit, do. make Provision in the said Bill for the Petitioner.

Sir Charles Turner ^according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was 11 referred to consider further of Ways- and Means for

railing

tl

a;

hi

Mi

L

ii -

-na

l

to

hrrLtgr*

3 Geo. II. 70 — 8° A prills.

railing the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution, they had diretfted him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Chrk's Table; where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee; That the Sum of Eleven thousand Six hundred Fifty-five Pounds, Eleven Shillings, and Nine Pence Half-peny, remaining in the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, on Arrears of former Land Taxes, be applied towards railing the Supply granted to his Majesty for the Service of the Year 1730.

The laid Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill fot railing the Sum of Five hundred and Fifty thousand Pounds by Exchequer Bills, towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, and for the further Application of the Produce of the Sinking Fund, is committed, that they have Power to receive a Clause, pursuant to the said Resolution.

Complaint being made to the House, that,

one of the Messengers belonging to*tfee Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, did f*a* ight, in the Gallery of the House, at the Committee of Privileges and Fled ions, assault Arthur Tremayne, Esquire, a Member;dbnhis House;

Rfojjped, That John Pope, one of the Messengers belonging'to the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, laving Iaft Night, in the Gailery of the House, at the Committee of Privileges and Elections, presumed to atl.uk A'thur Tremayne, Esquire, a Member of this House, is guilty of a high Crime a:ri Mildcmeaner, in Breach of the Privilege of this House.

Ordered, That the said John Pope be. for his said Offence, oromitted Prifor.cr to his Majesty's Gaol ol Srxgate; and that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants accordingly.

C: J, That the Royal Company do far

tefifre ill House,. the annual Accounts of ti e _~ Cha j--. -tj and Scflen.ents i.ponMfee Coaf

AJn

Mia 171:.

with the rs, and Sal of tnc Governor^ 1 -~t _rr

.. . :d I (hat Tin

Mr. Walter Piumtr presented t . the House (accor to C

mad '

*.A 3 for the 1

‘ Lapraunment the* Frrfcmrand r -

received, and read the First tine-

Rizl-jcd, That the Bui be read a Sever:' err

The House rclblvnl i*M( inln *1 1 i'"1 11 whole House, tipAn I lie Mill I n " ' 1 *>* 1 |V 1 " 1 for the Minister ol tho P.rish hup h 1 < 11 Deptford, in the Count i-s "I Aw ni'l ' '

Mr. Speaker left tin* Clnii.

Sir Roger Meredith took ill*- Chiu "i »!* '

Mr. Speaker resumed ih< ( I<» 1.

Sir Roger Meredithivpoi I Iomu il>- '

they had gone tlitough th. Mill, m.i i" * ‘ ' v ments thereunto, \viu« h if' \ h ul do. when the I Ionic will pi i« to r < - r > > '

Ordered \That the lb po t I', o.

Morning next.

Arid then the I lor!.

Morning, Nine el ' v

Menu r.'\ '

Ariri.' 3' v'oo.y:

P R A Y F R S.

A JR.Bir-.-l

I Ordci' ah '-

in the Third aiv i Queen

" Majesty a 1 N " im;v>ruV. " refrly from xv.:

Port in J-Vy ~ v same

H. >;:v^ I Or* . upjn 7; -

t J,

T *. w'

T‘

Worccfttr

Workhouse,

BroadWheds on Turnpike Roads.

Supply.

Lioiehouse

Parish.

536 8° — of AA. 1730.

Place, and afterwards delivered -the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the Report was read; and the Amendments, being severally read a Second time, Were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with some Amendments to one of them, and Amendments of some others of them, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with tire Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir John Rufhout reported from the Committee, to

tvhom the Bill for amending and making more effectual, an Act, made in the Second and Third Years of the Reign of the late Queen Ame, intituled, "An Act for the "* erecting a Workhouse in the City of Worcester, and for " setting the Poor on Work there,' was committed, and to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens, of the City of Worcester, was referred; that the Committee had heard the Petitioners, by their Counsel, against the said Bill; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House* And he read the report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the Report was read; and the Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with an Amendment to one of them; agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That all Ijeafes and Deeds, made by the Guardians of the Poor of the said City, heretofore chosen in pursuaece of the former Act, shall have their full Force.

And the said Clause was twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the bill.

And another Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the ingrossed Bill for repealing lb much of the Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act for " making more effectual the several Acts passed, for " repairing and amending the Highways of this Kingdom," as relates to the Breadth of the Streaks and Tire of Wheels, and also so much of the said Act, as restrains Carts, travelling for Hire, to be drawn with Three Horses only, be now read the Third time;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Third time Tomorrow Morning.

The Order being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs, of Ships and Docks, for the Year 1730, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that they had come to several Resolutions, which they- had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill fur making the Hamlet

22

of Limehouse, and Part of the Hamlet of in the

Parish of St. "Dunstan Stebonheath, alias Stepney, in the County of Middlesex,a distinrft Parish, and for providing

a Maintenance for the Minister of the new Church there, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Re?,l«in» ing next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole Juries. House, upon the Bill for better regulating of Juries.

Ordered, That the Bill for taking off certain Duties on Supply Bi!lj Salt, and for making good any Deficiencies in the Funds, Dmiet <"» that may happen thereby, be read a Second time To- 4(C‘ morrow Morning, at Eleven of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Commune Elections be adjourned. ot Privies.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 90 die

Anno 30 Georgii IP1 Regi* 1730. Prayers.

A PETITION of several Clothiers, and other Per-Ibns, Makers and Manufacturers of Cloth* in and about that Part of the County of Gloucester, called Stroudwater, whose Names are thereunto fuScrH^d, in behalf of themselves, and others, was preltflfed*o the House, and read; alleging, that the makings he River Stroudwater navigable, as is proposed to be done by a Bill, depending in this House, will, as the Petitioners conceive, tend not only to the Prejudice of the Owners and Occupiers of the Lands and Mills upon, and adjoining to, the said River, but will be a Means to prevent the carrying on the Clothing Trade in the Manner they now do; and other great Inconveniencies will arise therefrom: And therefore praying, that they may be heard by their Counsel against the said Bill, before the feme do pals, or have such other Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making navigable the River in the County of Gloucester, from the River Severn, at or near Framiload, to Wallbridge, near the Town of Stroud, in the feme County, is committed, be received; and that the Petitioners be then heard by their Counsel against the said Bill, if they think fit. p

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard so? the Bill at the same time.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed, be received upon

Stroudwitir

Navigation.

I,

Tuesday Morning next.

Mr. Alderman Barnard (according to Order) reported limshonfe from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for making the Hamlet of and Part ol

the Hamlet of Ratcliffe, in the Parish of St. Dunfian Stebonheath, alias Stepney, in the County of a

distinct Parish, and for providing a Maintenance for the Minister of the new Church there, was committed, the Amendments, the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House:

And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the Report was read; and the Amendments, being severally read a Second time, wejc, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with an Amendment to one of them, agreed unto by the House; and several other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, bs ingrossed.

A Petition

3 Geo. II. 90 Aprili 537

Recovery of A Petition of Thomas Esquire, Clerk of the

Small Debt*. ^fiizes for the several Counties and Cities in the Midland Circuit, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, that, if the Bill, depending in this House, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, should pass, he will be much prejudiced in the Fees belonging to his Office, on Trials by Nisi p and yet his Attendance at all Assizes mud be the same: And, because he may do what the said Bill proposes, without introducing new Officers, he prays, that he, and the Clerk of the Assizes, for the Time being, in the Midland Circuit, may be appointed Clerk of the civil Bills within the said Circuit, or be otherwise relieved, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of (mail Debts, is committed; and that the Committee, if they think fit, do make Provision in the said Bill for the Petitioner.

Ships from The House being informed, that a Person from the Commissioners of the Customs attended at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, a List of all the Ships from the East Indies, China, and other Places, within the Limits of the Charter, granted to the East India Company, with the Names of the respective Masters thereof, and the particular Times, when such Masters respectively made their Reports at the Custom-house, London, of the unrated Goods, upon which the Arrears of Duties, due to the Crown from the East India Company, mentioned in the Accounts, laid before this House the 20th of March last, became due, finee the 8th of March 1703.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Lift do lie upon the Table, to be peruted by the Members of the House.

The said Lift is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A MefTage from the Lords, by Mr. and

Mr. Allen:

Mr. Speaker,

MorJaunt's The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for

Jointure, enlarging the Power of Sir Mot Baroner,

to make a Jointure; to which the Lords dcfiie the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

IT=g An ingrafted Bill for importing Salt from Europe into

NewYo-k. ^ie Colony of New York m America, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass , and that the Title be. An Act for importing Salt from Europe into the Colony of New York in America.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Perry do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Expiring Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen,

Uws. wj10 are to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Resolution,

agreed unto by the House, and which was reported from the Committee appointed to insped what Laws are expired, or near expiring, that they do make Provision therein, for allowing further Time for the Inrolment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers and Lessees.

Scotch The House being moved, that the 10th Section of the

Court of Ad, made in the Eleventh Year of his late Majesty's on' ' Reign, for disarming the Highlands in Scotland, and for better securing the Peace and Quiet of that Part of the Kingdom, might be read;

And the said Clause being read;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom :.the Bill to enable the Court of Session in Scotland to make Adjournments of the said Court, is committed, that they have Power to receive a Clause, for altering a Clause in an Act, made in the Eleventh Year Vol. 21.

of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for more " effectual dilarming the Highlands in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for the better securing the " Peace and Quiet of that Part of the Kingdom," which relates to the limiting the Time for Execution of Sentences, or Judgments.

A Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, Cambridge, an Act, made in the Tenth Year of his late Majesty's &c. Roads. Reign, intituled, "An Act for repairing the Roads " leading from Stump Croft, in the Parish of Chesterford,

" in the County of Essex, to Newmarket Heath, and " the Town of Cambridge, in the County of Cambridge," and also an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of his said late Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for repairing " Part of the Road from London to Cambridge, beginning " at the End of the Parish of Foulmire, in the said " County, next to Barley, in the County of Hertford,

" and ending at the Pavement in Trump'mgton Street, in the Town of Cambridge," was read a Second time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question put.

That the Bill be committed;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Tellers for the YeasJ^J' ff'gf ] >60.

Teller, for the Noes, jmI'.hZIZ, \ 9'-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bromley,

Mr. fVither, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Whitworth,

Mr. /Winston. Sir John Barrington, Mr. Sandys, Sir John Rushout, Sir Charles Turner, Sir William Lowther, Mr.

Gould, Mr. Metcalfe, Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr. Leveson Gower, Sir Herbert Pakmgton, Mr. Moor, Mr. Heath-cote, Sir. Foley, Mr. Harley, Sir Wm. Yonge, Mr.

Bramston, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Andrews, Colonel Read,

Mr. Duckett, Sir Gilbert Heathcote, Mr. Williams, Mr.

Vyner, Mr. Conduitt, Mr. Croft, Mr. Burton, Sir Richard Grosvenor, Mr. Holland, Colonel Bladen, Mr. Brodie,

Sir Archibald Grant, Mr. Fane, Nix. Vincent, Mr. Drumond,

Lord Alalpas, Nix. Compton, Mr. C Mr. Wright,. Mr. Alderman Child, Mr. Knight, Mr. Knollys, Mr.

Liste, Sir Wilfrid Lawson, Mr. Lyster, Sir John Hyhde Cotton, Sir Robert Abdy, Mr. Annesley, Sir Edmund Bacon,

Si. Walter Bagot, Sir Nath. Curzon, Mr. Vernon, Mr.

Watkyn Wynne, Mr. Plttmer, Mr. Legh Master, Mr.

Taylor, Mr. Walcot, Mr. York, Mr. Talbot, Mr.

Sir Wm. Wyndham, Captain Kemeys, Mr, Alderman Barnard, Lord Morpeth, Mr. Pulteney, Mr.' Shipp'en,

Mr. Bowles, Mr. Grosvenor, Mr. Lord Gage,

Mr. Alderman Parsons, Mr. Bevan, Mr. , Sir

Richard Lane, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Edgcumbe, Lord Percival,

Colonel Onslow, Mr. Hucks, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Baron Birch, Mr. Potenger, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Cartwright, Sir Tho. Sebright, Mr. C.efar, Mr. Baptist Leveson Gower,

Mr. Digby, Sir John Dutton, Mr. Fenwick, Lord Harvey,

Mr. Waller Bacon, Mr. Manfell, Sir Thomas Lee, Mr.

Alderman Perry, Mr. Perrot, Dr. Clark, Sir John Stonhouse, Mr. Geers, Dr. Sayer, Mr. Richard Plumer,

Mr. Byng-, and all the Members, that serve for the Counties of Cambridge, Huntingdon, Norfolk, Suffolk,

Hertford, and Essex: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of several Merchants, Traders, and others, East . in behalf of themselves, and others, his Majesty's Sub- Cvmpany. jects, against confining the East India Trade to the East India Company only; and for obliging the Company to grant Licences, on proper Terms and Conditions, to such of his Majesty's Subjects, as shall desire to trade to the East Indies-, and praying to be heard thereto, before the Bill do pass, now depending in this House, by which the Company's exclusive Trade to the East Indies is to be prolonged; was offered to be presented to the House.

6 U And

Supply Bill; Duties on Salt, &c.

538

90 — io*

A. 1730.

East India Company,

And the Question being put, that the Petition be brought up;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas, R"W' J 77.

Tellers for , Ke Noes, }.77.

So it passed in the Negative.

A Petition of the Merchants, and principal Traders, in the City of Bristol, in behalf of themselves, and the rest

Sir Charles Turner (according to Order) reported from Supply the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the ltesolutions, they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Twenty thousand Six hundred and Eighteen Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, for the extraordinary Repairs of his

of his Majesty's Subjects, against confining the East India Majesty's Navy, for the Year 1730.

Trad* in Acts to the East India Company only; and for , That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

obliging the Company to grant Licences to the rest of That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand Five hundred his Majesty's Subjects to trade thither, under proper Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, to be applied for the Terms and Conditions; and praying to be heard by Pure haft of the Interest of Esquire, in

their Counsel thereto, before the Bill do pass, now a reversionary Grant to him, during his Life, of the Office depending in this House, by which the Company's of Warden of the Fleet Prison, after the Decease of exclusive Trade to the East Indies is to be prolonged; Thomas Esquire.

was offered to be presented to the House. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

And the Question being put, That the Petition be That a Sum, not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds, be

brought up;

It passed in the Negative,

A Petition of several Merchants, Traders, and others, in the Port of Liverpool, in behalf of themselves, and others, his Majesty's Subjects, against confining the East India Trade to the East India Company only; and for obliging the Company to grant Licences, on proper Terms and Conditions, to such of his Majesty's Subjects, as shall desire to trade to the East Indies; and praying to

granted to his Majesty, to be applied towards the Maintenance of the British Forts and Settlements, belonging to the Royal African Company of England, on the Coast of Africa.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Five hundred Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account of One Year's Pensions, from the Twenty-fifth Day of December, One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-nine, to be

be heard thereto, before the Bill do pass, now depending allowed to the Widows of such Half-pay Officers of the

a t J U mm 1 % 4 L* a yv m m yV \ m m / A I 4* T _ J f? _ _ J ~ _ J 1 i* f_f . a

Recovery of Small Debts.

Blwomlbury

in this House, by which the Company's exclusive Trade to the East Indies is to be prolonged j was offered to be presented to the House.

And the Question being put. That the Petition be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

A Bill for taking off certain Duties on Salt, and for making good any Deficiencies in the Funds, that may happen thereby, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House, will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts.

Land Forces, as served, and were married before Christmas, 1716.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Venerisy 1 o° die Apr His \

Georgii Ildl Regis, 1730.

A

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Mioifter, and whole House, to whom the Bill for providing a Mainte-s, n.w nance for the Minister of the new Church near Bloomsbury, Market, in the County of , and for making

more effectual an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, for impowering the Commissioners

St. Giles near C batch.

Anno 3*

Prayers.

BILL for Relief of Dame Elizabeth Dudley, and her Issue, relating to an Estate in the County of IVicklow, and Kingdom of Ireland, forfeited to the Crown, during the Life of Kennedy, her great

Uncle, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Petition of Catharine Howard, now Widow of the Lord Frederick Howard, and late the Wife of Sir Richard Kennedy, Baronet, Grandson of Sir Richard

for building the Fifty new Churches, to direct the Parish Kennedy, Baronet, late one of the Barons of his Majesty's Church of St. Giles in the Fields, in the said County, to Court of Exchequer in Ireland, which was ordered to lie be rebuilt, instead of One of the said Fifty new Churches, upon the Table until the Second Reading of the said Bill,

was committed, be next.

received upon Saturday Morning

Broad Wheels Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for repealing so much

on Turnpike of the AA, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his Roads. late Majesty King GeorgetheFirft, intituled, "An Act

" for making more effectual the several Acts passed, for " repairing and amending the Highways of this Kingdoro," as relates to the Breadth of the Streaks and Tire ol W'heels, and also so much of the said Act, as restrains Carts, travelling for Hire, to be drawn with Three Horses only, be read the Third time upon Tuesday next, at Twelve of the Clock,

Dudley's

forffite4

Estate.

be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That it be an InstruAion to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, for the Petitioner's Relief.

Ordered, That all, that come to the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Tenth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for repairing the " Roads leading from Stump Cross, in the Parish of " Chef erf ord, in the County of Essex, to Newmarket " Heath, and the Town of Cambridge, in the County of " Cambridge," and also an Act, made in the Eleventh

Year

Csmbridp, &c. Roadi.

Coal Trade.

_ Prifilegc;

" Petition of a Person io Custody.

lawyers and Pedlars.

3 Geo. II. 10° Apr 539

Year of his said late Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for repairing Part of the Road from London to Cambridge, beginning at the End of the Parish of " Foulmire, in the said County, next to ,in the " County of Hertford, and ending at the Pavement in " Trumpington Street, in the Town of Cambridge," is committed, have Voices.

A Bill for the better Regulation of the Coal Trade, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of the Rulers, Auditors, and Assistants, of the Company of Wherrymen, Watermen, and Lightermen, of the River of 'Thames, in behalf of themselves, and the said Company, was prel'ented to the House, and read; setting forth, that by the Act, of the Eleventh and Twelfth Year of the Reign of the late King William the Third, for incorporating the Petitioners, other Persons are restrained from carrying Coals, and other Goods, for Hire, on the River Thames-, but the said Restraint being in a great Measure taken off by some Clauses in the Bill, depending in this House, for the better Regulation of the Coal Trade, they apprehend, their Property, of being free Watermen, and Lightermen, will be evaded, and their Servitude of Seven Years to the said Employment will be rendered useless: And therefore praying, that they may be heard by their Counsel against so much of the said Bill, as tends to destroy the Privileges and Fran-chises of their laid Company, or that they may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better Regulation of the Coal Trade is committed; and that the Petitioners, if they think fit, be heard by their Counsel before the said Committee, according to the Prayer of their Petition.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard for so much of the said Bill, as is petitioned against, at the same time.

A Petition of John Pope, one of the Messengers belonging to the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, was presented to the House, and read; expressing the utmost Sorrow for having been unhappily guilty of assaulting Arthur Tremayne, Esquire, a Member of this House, last Monday Night, in the Gallery of the House, at the Committee of Privileges and Elections, which Misfortune was occasioned by the Hurry and Consulion, which at that time happened by the great Crowd of Strangers, then attempting to fill the House, which he endeavoured to clear for the Eale and Convenience of the Members; and begging Pardon of the said Member, and of the House, for his said Offence; alluring, his future Demeanor shall be with the greatest Duty and Respects to the House, and to every particular Member of it; and praying to be discharged out of Custody.

Ordered, That the said John Pope, committed by this House to his Majesty's Gaol of Newgate on Tuesday lait, be brought to the Bar of this House Tomorrow Morning, in order to his being discharged out of Custody; and that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants accordingly.

A Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, Freeholders, Gentlemen, and other the principal Inhabitants, of the Borough of Callington, in the County of Cornwall, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of great Decays in their Trades, occasioned by the clandestine Trade and Dealings, carried on by Hawkers, Pedlars, and petty Chapmen; and praying, that they maybe suppressed, or such other Relief given against them, as to the House shall seem meet.

Vol. 21.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. 'Tothill and Mr. Allen:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for restraining Thomas Jervoise, junior, Esquire, a Lunatick, from marrying, or aliening, disposing, or incumbering, his Estate, during his Lunacy, and for railing Portions for his Sifter's Children, and for other Purposes therein mentioned j to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House;

And also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better regulating Elections in the City of Norwich, and for preserving the Peace, good Order, and Government, of the said City, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill for explaining and amending an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " the Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons," was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Walter Plumer, Sir Wilfrid Lawson, Mr. Bevan, Mr. Winnington, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Holland, Mr. Tufnell, Mr. Chetivynd, Lord Malpas, Mr. Fane, Mr. Williams, Sir Wm. Tonge, Sir Robert Furnefe, Mr. Oglethorpe, Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Sir Adolphus

Oughton, Dr. Sayer, Sir Nicholas Williams, Mr. Moor, Mr. Earle, Mr. Metcalfe, Mr. Orlebar, Mr. Digby, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Bacon, Sir Nath. Mr. Byng,

Mr. Lawson, Colonel Onfow, Mr. Pi went, Lord Chet-, wynd, Mr. Maser, Sir Roger Meredith, Lord thwaite, Mr. Vernon, Lord Morpeth, Mr. Knight, Mr, Bramston, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Sir John Norris,

Mr. Clavering, Mr. Wortley, Sir Robert Sutton, Mr. West by, Mr. Torke, Mr. Aifabie, Sir Conyers D'Arcy, Sir Tho. Frankland; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed, that they have Power to receive a Clause, for indemnifying Sheriffs, or Gaolers, against Rules or Orders, made by the Courts in Westminster Hall, for bringing up Prisoners pursuant to the said Act, which have not been obeyed, for want of a Provision for reimbursing the Charges of bringing up such Prisoners.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing the Road leading from Galley Corner, in Enfield Chace, in the Parish of South Mims, in the County of Middlesex, to Mill, in

the County of Hertford, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press 1. L. 29. Before " " to insert " George

" Draper

L. 30. To leave out " Esquire," and to insert " Ralph Felt ham, Barrington Flack, Esquire.s

L. 33. After " Hale," to insert " Wm. Hale, " Robert Heysham

L. 36. To leave out " Gentleman," and inlert " James Handfcombe, Gentlemen, Esquire

L. 38. After " Jennens," to insert " BenediEl " It he I, Esquire:"

Press 2. L. a. Before " Gentlemen" to insert " Samuel " Marfii:"

L. 5. Before " Esquires" to insert " Edward " Radcliffe, Wm. Rayner

L. 9. After " Searl" to insert " Richard " Sheppard

L. n. To leave out the first Word " Gentleman," and insert " Richard Troobey, Gentlemen, " Thomas Vernon, Esquire."

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act for repairing the Road leading from Galley

Corner,

Jervoise's

Efttte.

Regulating Elections in Norwich.

Imprisonment

of Debtor*

Galley Corner to Lemsford Mill Roads.

o

WeHboorne

Mountfort

Inctolur*.

Locks and Wears on the Thames, &c.

54°

Corner, adjoining to Enfield Chace, in the Parish of South Mims, in the County of Middlef to Lemsford Mil), in the County of Hertford.

Ordered \That Mr. Winnington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Digby reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for inclosing several common Fields, common Meadows, and other commonable Lands, in the Hamlet of Welshourne Mountfort, in the Parish of Welfbourne Hastings, in the County of Warwick, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that all Persons concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, except one Bland, who has One Three-yard Land out of Forty-seven, and declared, he would not sign the Bill, nor give any Reason for that, though he did not apprehend, it would be of any Disadvantage to him, nor did he express any dislike of it; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Sif William Stapleton reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for reviving, and amending, an Act, made in the Sixth and Seventh Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, "An Act to prevent Exactions of the Occupiers of Locks and Wears upon the River of Thames Westward, and for ascertaining the Rates of Water C irriage upon the " said River," ..... and to whom the Petition of the honourable Dame Mary Rich, Owner of Sonning Lock, Wear, and Mills, within the Counties of Oxon and Berks, and also the Petition of Henry Jennings, Esquire, Owner of CottereU's Lock, Wear, and Mills, within the County of Oxon, and also the Petition of Thomas Willalts, Occupier of Caverjliam Lock, Wear, and Mills, within the County of Oxon, against the said Bill, and also the Petition of divers Persons, concerned in the Woollen Manufacture, living in, and near, Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, for the said Bill, were referred; that the Committee had heard the Petitioners against the said Bill, by their Counsel, and had also heard Coun-fel for the Bill; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the Report was read;and the said Amendments, as far as to the Amendment, Folio 21. Line 14. were, with Amendments to several of them, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The said Amendment, Folio 21. Line 14. to leave out " or taking or destroying of any Game," being read a Second time;

And the Question being put. That the House do agree with, the Committee, in the^aid Amendment;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth;

rr, f , v 5 Mr. 7

Tellers for the Yeas. {Mr> Tmrl. } 33-

Tellers for the Noes, jco'lofeTci.mPMI: } 7°'

So it pasted in the Negative.

The rest of the said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to one of them, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That the Commissioners shall not be restrained in their Aftings to any particular County or Place.

*4

A. 1730.

And the said Clause was twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for vesting in the Commissioners, for putting in Execution an Act, made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of King James the First, for making the River Thames navigable from Bercot to Oxford, all Lands, purchased, or to be purchased, by them, or which they have agreed, or shall agree, for, and also all Wharfs, Wears, Locks, or other Engines, erected, or to be erected, by them.

And the said Clause was brought up, and was once read.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for making the Act temporary.

And the same was twice read, with Blanks, which were filled up:

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Mom- Poor Luc,

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for amending the Laws, relating to the Settlement of the Poor.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Eifl Mil ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Company. House, upon the Bill for reducing the Annuity, or Fund, of the united East India Company, and for atcertaining their Right of Trade to the East , and the Continuance of their Corporation for that Purpose, upon the Terms therein mentioned.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the DeptfcH whole House, to whom the Bill for providing a Mainre-nance for the Minister of the Parish Church of St. Nicholas, Deptford, in the Counties of Kent and Surrey, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Juric! upon the' Bill for better regulating of Juries.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Csmnte Elections be adjourned. of PrMw.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbatic n° die \

Anno 30 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1730.

Prayers.

cyfOHN Pope, being brought up by the Keeper of Privilege; J Newgate, according tp Order, was brought to the a*'e b" Bar by the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House; 3'" where he, upon his Knees, received a Reprimand from charged. Mr. Speaker; and was ordered to be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Mardaatt's for enlarging the Power of Sir Charles Baronet, Jointwt

to make a Jointure, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and CImIus, other Persons, living in, or near, the City of and iw*1

other Places, in the County of Kent, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, that One hundred Pounds per Annum being by an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of his late

Majesty's

IO

I I

Aprilis.

3 Geo. It.

Majesty's Reign, for enlarging the Term granted by a former Act, for amending the Road between

Gravefetid, and Rochester, in the said County, appropri-

ated out of the Tolls, granted by the fii ft-mentioned Act, towards repairing the Road between the Town of Chatham and Boughton under the Ble in the said County, the remaining Tolls are not sufficient for repairing the said fuss-mentioned Roads, which arc therefore become very ruinous and dangerous to Passengers; and there being a Bill depending in this House, for repairing and widening the Road from that Part of which l ies next to the

City of Rochester,..... adjoining to the City of in the said County, the Petitioners hope, l'ome Provision may be made therein, for restoring the said One hundred Pounds per Annum, as originally granted, for repairing the first-mentioned Roads between Northfieet, Gravesend, and Rochester: And therefore they pray to be heard by their Counsel, before the said Rill do pass, and that they may have such Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Rill for repairing and widening the Road from that Part of Chatham, which lies next to the City of

chester, to the End of St. Dunstati's Parish, adjoining to the City of Canterbury. in the County of Kent, be read the Third time; and that the Petitioners, if they think fit, be then heard by their Counsel, according to the Prayer of their Petition.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard for the Bill at the same time.

fcafobrulpe, A Petition of Henry Young, Clerk, of North fcc. Ro-ds. jn Norfolk, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, that he advanced and lent One thousand Pounds on the Credit of the A eft, passed in the Eleventh Year of his late Majesty's Reign, for repairing Part of the Road from London to Cambridge, beginning at the End of the Parish of Foulmire, in the County of , next to Barley,

in the County of Hertford, and ending at the Pavement in Trumpington Street, in the said Town of;

and accordingly has a Security for the said Sum; which Security, he apprehends, will be lefl'ened by the Bill depending in this House, for rendering and making more effectual the said Act: And therefore he prays, that Provision may be made in the said Bill, for the speedy Payment of what is due to him, or that he may have such other Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Tenth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for repairing " the Roads leading from Stump Crofis, in the Parish of " Chest erf or d, in the County of Essex, to Newmarket " Heath, and the Town of in the County of

" Cambridge," and also an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of his laid iate Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act " for repairing Part of the Road from London to " bridge, beginning at the End of the Parish of Foulmire,

" in the said County, next to Barley, in the County of " Hertford, and ending at the Pavement in "Street, in the Town of ," is committed;

and that the Committee, if they think fit, do make Provision in the said Bill for the Relief of the Petitioner.

Worcester An ingross'ed Bill for amending, and making more Workhouse, effectual, an Act made in the Second and Third Years &e' of the Reign of the late Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for the erecting a Workhouse in the City of Worcester, and for letting the Poor on work there," was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act for amending, and making more effectual, an Act made in the Second and Third Years of the Reign of the late Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for the " erecting a Workhouse in the City of and for setting the Poor on work there."

Ordered, That Mr . Sandysdo carry the Bill Lords, and desire their Concurrence. , '

Vol. 21.

A Petition of several Freeholders and Proprietors of Flecknoe Lands, lying and being in the open and common Fields Inclosure. of Flecknoe, in the County of Warwick, whose Names are

thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and others.

Freeholders of Lands in the said common Fields, was presented to the House; and read j complaining of great Hardships and Injuries, which they nvaft suffer, should the said rields be inclosed, as is proposed to be done by a Bill depending in this House, for that Purpose: And therefore praying, that Counsel may be heard for them, against the said Bill, and such Relief given, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Fetition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, and common Grounds, called Flecknoe Fields, in the Parish of Woolfhampcoat,' in the County, of IVtarwick, is committed; and that the Petitioners, if they thi.ok fit, be heard by. their Counsel, before the Committee, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard for the said Bill, at the same time.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Custotns do importing lay before this House, a Copy of the Report, made by R»cr from them to the Commissioners for executing the Office of ear°lina* Treasurer of the Exchequer, in November 1724, upon the Petition of several Merchants, concerning the importation of Rice from Carolina.

Ordered, That it be an instruction to the Committee, Bricks and to whom the Bill for amending the Acts therein men- Tiles making tioned, relating to the making of Bricks, is committed, thac they have Power to receive a Clause, for allowing Liberty to make use of Breeze, commonly called Cinders, mixed with Coals, in the burning of Bricks.

Mr. Geers reported from the Committee, to whom the Hereford Bill for repairing the several Roads leading into the City Roads, of Hereford, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the ^Clerk's Table; where the Report was read; and the Amendments,

being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments of some of them, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill,'with the Amendments, be

ingross'ed.

Ordered, That the ingross'ed Bill for repairing and Chatham, widening the Road from that Part of Chatham, which lies Road, next to the City of Rochester, to the End of St. Dun fan's Parish, adjoining to the City of Canterbury, in the County of Kent, be read the Third time upon this Day Seven-night.

Mr. Winnington presented to the House (according to preffrVation Order) a Bill for the better Preservation of the Game; of Game, and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second tune.

Mr. Robert Hacks (according to Order) reported from Bloomsbury the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill Minister, and for providing a Maintenance for the Minister of the new St. Giles' Church near Bloomsbury Market, in the County of Mid- new Church* dlesex, and for making more effectual an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, for impowering the Commissioners for build ing the Fifty new Churches, to direct the Parish Church of St. Giles in the Fields, in the said County, to be rebuilt, infttad of one of the said Fifty new Churches, was committed, the Amendments the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill,

6 X with

A. 173&

542 it-13°

with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the Report was read; and the Amendment, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments of some of them, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That, till an effectual Division of the Parishes can be made, the Parish Officers shall be chosen, as formerly; and that all Rates for the Poor shall be made by both Parishes jointly.

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up.

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, For limiting the Number of Bells, which shall be hung up in the Steeple, or Tower, of the new Church.

And the said Clause was twice read, with a Blank; which was filled up.

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

And other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Welshoeme The House proceeded to take into Confide rat ion the Jaclosure" ^ePort ^rom ^ie Committee, to whom the Bill for in-‘ ' doling several common Fields, common Meadows, and other commonable Lands, in the Hamlet of Mountfort, in the Parish of Hastings, in the County of Warwick, was committed.

And the Repo-t was read.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with an Amend > ment to one of them, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, For reserving to the Impropriator of Mountf011 all

Right of Tithes, after the common Fields shall be divided and inclosed.

And the said Clause was twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

And another Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Deptford Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Tl*w.£h'jrch whole House, to whom the' Bill for providing a Mainrte-Maintenance nance for she Minister of the Parish Church of St Nicholas, Deptford, in the Counties of Kent and Surrey, was committed, be received upon Morning next.

Regulating The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Juries, whole House, upon the Bill for the better Regulation of Juries.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Harley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Harley reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and madeleveral Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Wedejday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Aprilis.

Lunes-y 130 die A;

Anno 3* Georgii IIdi llegis, 1730.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for rellraining Thomas Jerv junior, Esquire, Eilste. a Lunatick, from marrying, or aliening, disposing, or incumbering, his Estate, during his Lunacy, and for railing Portions for his Sifter's Children, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House being informed, that Mr. Smyth, Associate, Fees tak«i and Marshal, to the Lord Chief Justice Raymond, at- ‘|n£0,rt‘0f tended at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, Ofo presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, ficen.

A Lift of Fees, taken by John Smyth, as Associate* and Marshal, to the Right honourable the Lord Chief Justice Raymond, in London and M and also, An Account of Fees, taken in the Circuits by the Judges Marshals.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Lift and Account were read.

Ordered, That the said Lift and Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House being informal, that Mr. Williams, Crier to the Lord Chief Justice Raymond, attended at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, prelenied to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of Fees, taken by JoJhita Williams, Criet at the Sittings of Nisi Prius in London and before the Lord Chief Justice Raym; and also. An Account of Fees, taken by the Crier to the Judges in Circuits on the Nisi prius Side.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table to be pc uled by the Members of the House.

The House being informed, that Mr. Mason, Chamber Clerk to the Lord Chief Justice Raymattended at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant, to their Order,

An Account of the Fees, taken at the Chambers of the Lord Chief Justice of the Court of King's Bench by his Clerks; and a'so.

An Account of Fees, taken by the Judges Clerks, and Stewards, in the Circuits.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House being informed, that Mr. Bray, Clerk to Mr. Justice Probyn, attended at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of Fees, taken at the Chambers of the Puifhe Judges of the Court of King's Bench, by their Clerks; and also,

An Account of Fees, taken by the Judges Clerks, and Stewards, in the Circuit.

And then he withdrew.

And the ^Titles of the said Accounts were read. r

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House being informed, that Mr. Clerk to

Mr. Justice Price, attended at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of Fees, taken at the Chambers of the,

Puisne Judges of the Court of Common Pleas, by their Clerks; and aho.

An Account of Fees, taken by the Judges Clerks, and Stewards, in the Circuits.

Aid then he withdrew.

And

3 Geo. II.

13° Aprilis.

545

fee* taken in Court* of Justicr, and by Law Officer*.

And the Titles of the said Accounts tfrere read. And then lie withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do He upon the And the Title of the said Account was read.

Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. , That the said Account do lie upon the

The House being informed, that Mr. Moficreife, Clerk Table' to Perused b? the Members of the House.

:bc

W *1

id t3

113

ill

3S,

la

'led

the

to

ili,

U

to

to

'J

to Mr. Baron Carter, attended at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of Fees, taken at the Chambers of the Puisne Barons of the Court of Exchequer; and also.

An Account of Fees, taken by the Barons Clerks, and Stewards, in the Circuit.

And then he withdrew-

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House being informed, that Mr. Bradjhav), Marshal to the Lord Chief Justice Eyre, attended at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Fees, taken at the Lord Chief

The House being informed, that Mr. High am, for the pees taken in Clerk of Assize of the Western Circuit, attended at the Courts of Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to and the House, pursuant to their Order, A Table of Fees, ©fficeh. now, and heretofore, taken by the Clerk of the Assize of the Western Circuit.

And Mr. Higham also presented to the House, An Account of the Fees, taken by John Iligham, Gentleman,

Associate of his Majesty's Court of Common Pleas for London and Middlesex.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do He upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House being informed, that Mr. , Clerk

of Nisi priusto the Lord Chief Justice Raymond, attended

Justice's Chambers of the Court of Common Pleas, by at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to his Clerks; and also, the House, pursuant to their Order, An Account of

An Account of Fees, taken by the Judges Clerks, Fees taken at Trials at Nisi , in London and

and Servants, in the Circuits; and also,

An Account of Fees, received by the Marshal in London and Middlesex, in the Court of Common Pleas; and also.

An Account of Fees, taken by the Lord Chief Justice's Crier of the Court of Common Pleas in London and Middle fix.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do He upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

/ex, by Capel Billingfley, Clerk of Nisi prius to the Right honourable Sir Robert Raymo Knight, Lord Chief Justice of his Majesty's Court of King's Bench.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House being informed, that Mr. Hart, Examiner to Mr. Baron Carter, attended fit the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, An Account of the Fees, now taken by the The House being informed, that Mr. Jenyns, Clerk Four several Examiners of his Majesty's Court of Exche-of the Assizes for the Norfolk Circuit, attended at the quer, sworn and deputed by the Lord Chief Baron, and t)oor, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the rest of the Barons, for the Examination of Witnesses

the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Table of Fees, by him now taken, as Clerk of the Assizes for the Norfolk Circuit, together with his Clerk of the Arraigns, on the Gaol Side; and also,

in Causes depending by English Bill in the said Court.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Fees received by the Associate of the Nisi prius Side, Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. on Trials of Causes by Nisi prius, issuing out of the All the before-mentioned Accounts, and Tables of

Courts of King's Bench and Common Pleas. Fees, are bound up with the other Papers of this

And then he withdrew. Session.

And the litle of the said Tables of Fees was read. Mr. Perrot reported from the Committee, to whom Wood dock.

Ordered,^That the said Tables of Fees do he upon the the B|l, for repairing and amending the several Roads &c. Road,. Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. leading from IVwdfiock, through and Ension, to

TT r, e , Roll-right Lane, and from Enflow Bridge to Keddington

lC ^[?Use beinS ,"^brmed' tba* Mj"- Mulfio, aforeja[<j> in the County of Oxon, was committed; that

junior. Clerk of the Assize for th z Oxford Circuit, at- t|lC Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, tended at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, ancj foun(j the same to be true; and that the Committee presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments

Tabe ^.due to the Clerk of Assize, and the thereunto, which they had dire died him to report to the Affeciate, on the Crown Side, in the Oxford Circuit; jqoufe. And he read the Report in his Place, and after-

andallo, . _ . , wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the

Fees, due to the Clerk of Assize, and Associate, on the

Crown Side, for Informations in the Oxford Circuit; and also,

Fees, due to the Clerk of Assize, and Associate, on the Nisi prius Side, in the Oxford Circuit; and also,

Fees, due to the Clerk of the Indictments in the Oxford Circuit.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles thereof were read.

Ordered, That the said Fees, and Table of Fees, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House being informed, that Mr. Michell, Clerk of the Assizes for the Home Circuit, attended at the

Clerk's Table; where the Report was read;, and the Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments of some of them, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

The House being informed, that Mr. Bleticowe, Clerk Fees taken in of the Assizes for the Midland Circuit, attended at the 90«rr*of Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the 1° aD House, pursuant to their Order, oncers.

A Table of the Clerk of Assizes Fees in the Midland Circuit, with the Fees of the Clerk of Arraignments on the Crown Side; and also,

A Table of the Fees, taken by the Associate, for the

Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to Clerk of Assize, and himself, in all Nisi prius Causes on the House, pursuant to their Order, An Account of the Midland Circuit, the Fees, now taken by the Clerk of the Assize for the And then he withdrew.

Home Circuit, and his Officers. . ? And the Titles of the said Tables of Fees were read.

Vol. 21. Ordered,

ti

544

13° — 140 Aprilis. A. 1730.

Ordered, That the said Tables of Fees do lie upon the f Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. 1 The said Tables of Fees are bound up with die other Papers of this Session.

Regulating Mr. Bramflon pfefented to the House (according to Assizeof a° Order) a Bill for continuing an Act, for regulating the Bread, &c. Price and Assize of Bread; and for the Relief of Bankrupts, whose Certificates were not allowed before the Expiration of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the " better preventing Frauds, committed by Bankrupts;" and for allowing a further Time for Inrolment of Deeds, or Wills, made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers and Lc flees: And the same was received, and read the First time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second time.

*ap*arS an<* Petition of the-Alderman, Com-burgesses, and e ars' Burgesses, Traders, and Shopkeepers, in the Borough of Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of the great Decay of their Trade, chiefly owing to the clandestine Trade and Dealings, carried on by Hawkers and Pedlars; and praying such Relief, as to the House shall feetn meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Dudley'* A Petition of Richard of London, Gentle-

man> Agent for William Esquire, now in Ireland, aie‘ was presented to the House, and read; praying, that in the Bill depending in this House, for the relief of Dame Elizabeth Dudley, and her Ill'ue, relating to an Estate in the County of Wicklow, and Kingdom of , forfeited to the Crown, during the Life of IVm. Kennedy, her great Uncle, a Clause may be inserted, for securing a Debt of One thousand Three hundred and Seventy-two Pounds, besides Interest, due to the said Mr. IVogan, upon an Alignment of the Custodiam of the said Estate, granted to Robert Jones, Esquire, for Ninety-nine Years, determinable upon the Death of the said IVm. Kennedy; and that Counsel may be heard in Maintenance of the said Mr. IVogan's Interest in the said Estate, if it shall be found necessary; or that he may be otherwise relieved, as to the House shall teem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Relief of Dame Elizabeth and her issue, relating to an Estate in the County of Wicklow, and Kingdom of Ireland, forfeited to the Crown during the Life of William Kennedy, her great Uncle, is committed.

East lnd:a A Petition of sundry Merchants, and Traders to the Company. Coast of ica, and Plantations in America, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, that they have for several Years laboured under very great Hardships in their Trade, for want of a sufficient Supply of sundry Goods, imported into this Kingdom by the EafiIndia Company, inso much that a great Part of the Guinea Shipping frequently go to Holland, or othtywife find Ways to procure several Goods from thence, 'to the great Lois of many of his Majesty's Subjects; and there being a Bill now depending in this House, wherein, amongst other Things, it is intended to lengthen the Terms to the East India Company, fur a Term of Years, to trade to the Indies, the Petitioners pray, that the Premises may be taken into Consideration, and that Relief may be given to them, for the Benefit of the Trade of Great Britain, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Order, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for reducing the Annuity, or Fund, of the East India Company, and for ascertaining their Right ol Trade to the East Indies, apd the Continuance of their Corporation

J5

Dr that Purpose, upon the Terms therein mentioned;

>e now read.

The said Order being read;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will plcale to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Thursdal Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Pccoveirof at Eleven of the Clock, resolve itlclt into a Committee of ^cku' the whole House, upon the Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts.

Sir Roger Meredith (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill new Church for providing a Maintenance for the Ministerof the Parish Mmlter'j Church of St. Nicholas Deptford, in the Counties of Kent ^a‘lltenaKJ‘ and Surrey, was committed, the Amendments, the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in hi' Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the Report was read; and the Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec- Committed tions be adjourned. Pnviltja

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 140 die Aprilis;

Anno 3° Georgii Ildt Regis, 1730.

Prayers.

T^HE House being informed, that Mr. Associate Fees taken in

on the Nijiprius Side upon the Northern Circuit, Coamof attended at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, A Lift officers, of the Fees, now taken, on the Nift prius Side, by the Associate on the Northern Circuit.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Lift do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House being informed, that Mr. Gouge, one of the Criers of the Court of Common Pleas, attended at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A true Estimate, or State, of the Fees, belonging to the Four Criers of his Majesty's Court of Common Pleas, and which have been taken by them above Thirty Years, as Two of them, now living, can witness; and also,

A true Estimate, or State, of the Fees, belonging to the Court-keeper of his Majesty's Court of Common Pleas; and also,

A true Estimate, or State, of the Fees, belonging to the Porter of his Majesty's Court of Common Pleas.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Estimates, or States, were read.

Ordered, That the said Estimates, or States, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The

yi-

1

's*G i. Hi:

'-I)

3 Geo. II. 140 Apr 545

The said Lift, and Estimates of Fees, are bound " to her Majesty a further Subsidy on Wines and Mer-up with the other Papers of this Session. " chandize imported," as prohibits the Importation of

Rice directly from the British Plantations in America to Sccch Co.'rt Mr. Dmdas reported from the Committee, to whom Europe, Southward of Cape , be

the Bill to enable the Court of Session in Scotland to make read a Second time upon Friday Morning next, in a Adjournments of the said Court,.was committed; that House. the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill,

and found the same to*be true; and that the Committee Sir Dutton reported from the Committee, to whom Stroudwater had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend- the BiH for making navigable the River , in Navigation,

ments thereunto, which they had directed him to report the County of Gloucester, from the River Severn, at 05 to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and near Framiload, to , near the Town of,

afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in in the same County, was committed; and to whom the t the Clerk's Table; where the Amendments were read, P etition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Sheriffs, and Common- tnd, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed council, of the City of and the County of the

unto by the House. same City, and also the Petition of Waller Tate, Esquire,

Ordered, That the BUI, with the Amendments, be and also the Petition of several Gentlemen and others, ingrossed. whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Lords of Manors,

Freeholders, and others. Owners and Occupiers of Houses,

Limehov-fe An ingrossed Bill for making the Hamlet of Lime- Lands, Mills, and other Estates, within the County of r«ifli. /wife, and Part of the Hamlet of Ratcliffe, in the Parish and also the Petition of William Dyer, Esquire, of Saint Dunstan Stebonheath, alias Stepney, in the County and Anne, his Wife, Thomas , junior, Esquire, and of Middlesex, a distinct Parish, and for providing a Main- John Hammond, Esquire, against the said Bill, and also the tenance for the Minister of the new Church there, was Petition of the Alderman, capital Burgesses, Gentlemen, read the Third time. chief Inhabitants, and Traders, living in, and near, the

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, ancient Corporation and Market Town of Malmjhury, in.

An Act for making the Hamlet of Limehouse, and Part the County of Wilts, on behalf of themselves, and the of the Hamlet of Ratcliffe, in the Parish of Saint Teveral Hamlets and Villages-thereto belonging, whose Dunstan Stebmheath, alias Stepney, in the County of Mid- Names are thereunto subscribed, and also the'Petition dle/ex, a distinct Parish, and for providing a Maintenance of the Owners of the Lands, and Owners and Occupiers for the Minister of the new Church there. of the Mills, situate bn the River, called,

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Barnard do carrythe between Framiload, near the River Severn, and a Place,

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. called ,near Stroud, in the County of GlouceJ-

ter, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, and also thp The Orders of the Day being read; Petition of the several Merchants, and ocher chief Traders,

Recovery of The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Citizens of, and Inhabitants within, the City of

Small Debts, whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the more whose Names are thereunto subscribed, and also the Peti-

ea fyand speedy Recovery of small Debts. tion of the several Gentlemen, Clothiers, and other chief

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. Inhabitants, and Traders, living in, and near, the Market

Mr. Conduit took the Chair of the Committee. Towns' of Leonard-Jlanley,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. Entry, MinchinJiampton, and other adjacent Townships,

— Mr. Crnduit reported from the Committee, that they Villages, and Places, in the County of Gloucester, whose

had made a further Progress in the Bill; and had directed Names are thereunto subscribed, for the said Bill, were

him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again. referred that the Committee had heard the Petitioners

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Against the said Bill, by their Counsel, and had also heard resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Counsel for the Bill; and that the Committee bad ex-eonfkfer further of the said Bill. amined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to

be true; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Importing The House being informed, that Mr. Carkejfe, Secre- Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to Rice irom tary to the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the report to the House: And he read the Report in his Utuaa. Door, he was ceiled in, an 1, at the Bar, presented to the Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the House, pursuant to 1 heir Order, Copy of a Report, made Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table.

; . by the Commissioners of the Cu'Wms to the Commis- , Then the Counsel against, and for, the said Bill, were

sioners for eseesnirg the Office or Treasurer of the Ex- called in chequer, dated lath November 1724, upon the Petition And the Report was read.

of several Merchants, concerning the Importation of And the Petition of several Cothiers, and other Per-

Jtice from Carolina. fens, Makers and Manufacturers of Cloth, in and about

And then he withdrew. that Part of the County of called,

And the Title of the said Report was read. whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, themselves, and others, against the said Bill, was read.

?; to be perused by the Members of the House. And the Counsel for the Petitioners were heard: And

The said Report is bound up with the other Papers they examined several Witnesses, and went through their: of this Session. Evidence.

And the Counsel for thy Bill were heard: And they rC Brad Wheels Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for repealing so much examined several Witnesses, and went through their

on Turnpike of the Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his Evidence.

*«"* late Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act And the Counsel for the Petitioners were heard, by

i;, " for making more effectual several Acts passed, for way of Reply.

t, "'repairing and amending the Highways of this King- j^nd then the Counsel withdrew.

' "dom,"as relates to the Breadth of the Streaks and And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the

Tire Of Wheels, and also so much of the said -\ft, as Bill, were severally read a Second time, and, upon the

3,x-: restrains Carts, travelling for Hire, to be drawn with Question severally put thereupon, some of them were

y Three Horses only, be read the Third time upon Thurs- disagreed with, and the rest, with Amendments to several

day Morning next, at Eleven of the Clock. of them, were agreed unto, by the House.

A Clause Was offered to be added to the Bill, That no

1 Carrying Ordered, That the Bill for repealing so much of the Proprietor, or Undertaker, shall assign his Share or ftrslina-1" Act, made in the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign Interest, before the Navigation is perfected, unless by , r "a'. -of t lie late Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for granting Licence from the Commissioners.

Vol. 21. 6 Y And

i4°- — 15° Apr His.

A. 1730.

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up.

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That all Expences of meeting, and determining Damages, shall be borne by the Undertakers.

And the said Clause was twice read, with a Blank; which was filled up.

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

And a Clause being offered to be brought up, for restraining the Undertakers from cartying the Navigation of the said River through the Garden, and from cutting down any Tree in the Avenue, belonging to,

Esquire;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 150 Aprilis\

Anno 3# Georgii HJi Regis, 1730.

Prayers. - - '

Jobtuie.* A N ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act -aIl for enlarging the Power of Sir Charles Mur daunt, Boronet, to make a Jointure, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Harley, Mr. Hucks, Sir Curzon, Sir Rushout, Mr. Bramfion, Mr. Mr. Alderman

Child, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Byng, Colonel Read, Mr. Sevan, Mr. Townjhtttd, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Nicoll, Mr. Lyjler,

Mr. Potenger, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Mr. Burton,

Mr Brown, Sir Nicholas Sir

Mr. Bacon, Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Compton, Sir Rowland Alfton, Mr. Knight, Mr. Mr. Mr.

Orlebar, Sir Archibald , Sir Tho. Lowther, Mr. Jacombe, Mr. 'Sandys, Mr. Owen, Colonel Ducket, Sir IVm. Yonge; and all the Members, that serve for the Counties of Warwick, , and Norfolk:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Bloom (bury An ingrossed Bill for providing a Maintenance for the

St! Giles'*01* M'n‘fter of the new Church near Bloomsbury Market, in new Church, the County of Middlesex, and for making more effectual an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, for impowering the Commissioners for building the Fifty new Churches, to direct the Parish Church of St. Giles in the Fields, in the said County, to be rebuilt, instead of one of the said Fifty new Churches, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act for providing a Maintenance for the Ministerof the new Church near Bloomsbury Market in the County of Middlesex, and for making more effectual an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, for impowering the Commissioners for building the Fifty new Churches, to direct the Parish Church of St. Giles in the Fields, in the said County; to, be rebuilt, instead of one of the said Fifty new Churches.

Ordered, That Mr. Robert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Cambridge, A Petition of Thomas Bacon, Esquire, on behalf of tec. Roads. and Catharine Chester, Widow, was presented to

the House, and read; alleging, that they lent Nine hundred Pounds on the Credit of the Act, passed in the Tenth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for " repairing the Roads leading from Stump Cross, in the " Parish of Chester ford, in the County of to New-

market, and the Town of Cambridge, in the County of Cambridge," and accordingly have a Security for the said Sum; which Security, they apprehend, will be lessened by the Bill, depending in this House, for rendering and making more effectual the said Act: And therefore they pray, that-Provision may be made in the said Bill, for the speedy Payment of what is ;due to them, or that they ftiay hive such btlver Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to1 whom the Bill to explain; amend, and render more effectual, iti Act, tnade in the Tenth Yeir of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act fdP " repairing the Roads, leading from Stump Cross, in th(?

" Parish of Chesterford, in the County of Effete, to " market Heath, and the Town- e( Cambridge, in the " County of Cambridge," and also an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of his laid late Majesty's Reign, intituled,

" An Act for repairing Part of the Road from to

" Cambridge, beginning at the End of the Parish of

mire, in the said County, next to Barley, in the County of Hertford, and ending at the-Pavement in " ton Street, in (the Townof Cambr," is committed;

and that the Committee, if they think fit, do make Provision in the said Bill; for the Relief of the said Thomas Bacon, Esquire, and Catharine Chester.

Ordered, That John Bond, Esquire, have Leave to go Leave of

into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Abferce. Occasions.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Masham and Mr. Allen:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Breton1* repealing, and explaining, Part of an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act for vesting Part of " the Estate of Moyle Breton, Esquire, in Trustees, to

" be fold, for the railing Three thousand Pounds, charged '

" on other Part of the same Estate, and for other Pur-

poles therein mentioned," by appointing other Lands to be sold, than by the said Act are directed; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That such Person or Persons, appointed by chithm, the Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act, made &c. Roads, in the Eleventh Year of his late Majesty's Reign, for enlarging the Term granted by an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of the late Queen Anne, for amending and maintaining the Road between Northfleet, and Rochester, in the County of Kent, as have in his or their Custody any Book or Books, wherein the Accounts of the Moneys, received or collected since the passing of the said Act, towards repairing the said Roads, and the Applications or Dispositions thereof, are entered; do attend this House with the said Book or Books upon Saturday Morning next, when Counsel, upon the Petition of federal Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, living-' in, or near, the City of Rochester, and other Places, in tbfc County of Kent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, against the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from that Part of Chatham, which lies next to the City of Rochester, to the End of Saint Duust Parish, adjoining to the City of Canterbury, in the County of Kent, and - -Counsel for the said Bill, are appointed to be heard.

A Petition of the Mercers, and Shopkeepers, of the Hawkers Borough of Bridport, in the County of Dorset, was pre- 1Jcdl>r*' fented to the House, and read; complaining of great Hardships, and Decays of their Trades, occasioned by the clandestine Trade and Dealings, carried on by Hawkers and Pedlars.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Sir Wm. Yonge prerented to the House (according to Skwriei Order) a Bill for confirming a Patent, granted by her Light house.

late

3 Geo. II. 150- — 16 0 A547

late Majesty Queen Amu, to William Trench, Esquire, And other Amendments were made by the House

deceased, forerefting a Light-house on the Skerries, and to the Bill.

for the better Maintenance of the said Light-house) and Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be the same was received. ingrossed.

Stroudwater The House resumed the adjourned Debate upon a Navigation. Clause being offered to be brought up Yesterday, for restraining the Undertakers for making navigable the River Stroudwater, in the County of Gloucester, from the River Severn, at or near Frantiload, to , near

the Town of Stroud, in the same County, from carrying the Navigation of the said River through the Garden, and from cutting down any Tree in the Avenue, belonging to John Small, Esquire.

And the Clause was brought-up, and twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, To prevent the Navigation being carried through any House, Mill, Garden, &c.

And the Clause was twice read, and amended; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the 1 House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill,

To prohibit the Navigation in some particular Months

of the Year, when the Water is at the lowest.

And the Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which; ' were filled up.

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part i! of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for levying Damages assessed, unless paid within a limited for Time.

k' And the Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which

:rg were filled up: And the Clause was amended; and was,

of upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the

io> House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, To compel opening the Locks, as Boats and Vessels come up to them.

,.c: And the said Clause was twice read, with a Blank;

which was filled up.

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part '7 of the Bill.

X;l And another Amendment was made by the House to

the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

:"i ingrossed.

" Mr. Harley (according to Order) reported from the

r:;> Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for

?K the better Regulation of Juries, was committed, the

Amendments, the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House: I® And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards

delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's a Table; where the Report was read; and the Amend-

fnents, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the si Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to

a several ol them, agreed unto by the House.

'$> A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for

obliging petty Constables to subscribe and swear to their 3 Lists of Persons, qualified to serve on Juries.

And the Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up.

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put (" thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part

i of the Bill.

:jh Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for

reading the Act at the Quarter Sessions.

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; ,'0:> which were filled up.

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put

thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part

If* of the Bill.

'> Voi.. 21. 1

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Supply BH1. next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Exchequer upon the Bill for raising the Sum of Five hundred and 1 c* Fifty thousand Pounds by Exchequer Bills, towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, and for the further . Application of the Produce of the Sinking Fund.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- Recovery of ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, SmallDebw. to consider further of the Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis> 16° die Apr;

Anno 3* Georgii II41 Regis, 1730.

Prayers.

A N ingrossed Bill for inclosing several common Fields, WeNbourne common Meadows, and other commonable Lands, Mountfort. in the Hamlet of Welflourne Mountfort, in the Parish of ^ac^ure-Welshourne Hastings, in the County of Warwick, was read the Third time.

And the following Amendment* were made by the House to the Bill; viz.

Press 4. L. 31. Leave out " that, and insert* those;" and, in the same Line, leave out " Piece," and insert "Pieces:" In the next Line leave out "the," and insert " Woodbill, and."

Press 7. L. ult. After " fet" insert " out."

Press ir. L. 40. After " such" insert " Impropriator " or Impropriators."

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be.

An Act for inclosing several common Fields, common

C t

Meadows, and other common Lands, in the Hamlet of Welshourne Mountfort, in the Parish of Hast-

ings, in the County of Warwick.

Ordered, That Mr. Knight do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Cholmondeley reported from the Committee, to Remission of whom the Petition of Matthew Lyon, Executor of the Duty on da. last Will and Testament of Matthew Page, late of War- ma8e<J Salt. rington, in the County of Lancaster, Merchant, deceased, was referred; that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House:

And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as follows; viz.

That the Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, of the 28th of February last, had taken into Consideration the said Petition, and examined the Matter thereof.

That it appeared to the Committee, Matthew Page was a Proprietor of Rock Salt Pits in the Collection of Northwych, in the County of Chester', and, for the greater Conveniency and Encouragement of Trade, and Dispatch of Shipping, frequently lodged great Quantities of Rock Salt in Warehouses at Bank Key, in the County of Lancaster; and in the Months of , October,

November, and December, 1724, lodged several great Quantities of Salt in one of the Warehouses at Bank Key; during which time, there happened the greatest Flood or Inundation upon the River, that ever was known, occasioned by the high Spring Tide, violent Winds, and a great Fresh, which raised the River several Yards higher than ufoal; whereby all the said Rock Salt in the said Warehouse was totally destroyed, for the Duties whereof Matthew Page had given Bonds.

54*8 — *7

This Salt being so destroyed, the Petitioner, Matthew Lyon, in July, 1728, petitioned the Lords of the Treasury; which Petition they referred' to the Consideration of the Commissioners for managing his Majesty's Salt Duties, and to reporta true State of the Petitioner's Cafe,

with their Opinion, what was fit tq be done therein.

And the said Commissioners in November, 17*8, made their Report to the Treasury, which was laid before the Committee; whereby it appears, that 996 Bushels of, the said Page'i Salt Was totally dissolved and confilmed by the Accidents, mentioned in the Petition; and that the Petitioner's same was within the Intent and Equity, if not within the Letter, of the Clauses" in the Statutes, relating to Salt, or Rock Salt, loft, at Sea, or in any Ports, Harbours, or Rivers, of this Realm; but those Statutes mentioning only Losses at Sea, or in Rivers, where Salt has been shipped, to be carried Coastwise, could not extend to Losses, happening.in Warehotifes on Shore,

That, upon reading the said Commissioners Report, at the Treasury Board, the Lords of the Treasury directed the Prosecution upon the Bonds, given for the said Duties, to be suspended, until futh Time, as the J*arty concerned could have an Opportunity to apply to Parliament for Relief therein,: ' '>;

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Cofn-mittee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for taking off certain Duties on Salt, and for making good any Deficiencies in the Funds, that may happen thereby, is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, for the Relief of Matthew Lyon, Executor of Matthew Page, deceased, in respect of several Quantities of Salt, which were lodged in a vVarehouse at Bank Key, in the County of Lancaster, and were d^stroyed by the Overflowing of the River Mercy in the Year 1724.

BafUnl Mr. Robert Hacks reported from the Committee, to

Children, whom the Bill for the more effectual indemnifying and securing P.tiifhes, and other Places, from such Charges, as may arile from Ballard Children, born within the same* was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Saturday Morning next.

Poor Relief, Mr. Crosse reported fronfi the Committee, to whom the

4cc* Bill for the Relief and Employment of the Poor, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the Report was read; and the Amendments being severally read a Second time, several of them were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments of some, and Amendments to others, agreed unto by the House; some others were disagreed with; and Clause E, that the Act lb all not extend to the Cities of London and,

being read a Second time;

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned until this Day Month.

Aprilis. A. 1730;

veiling for Hire, to be drawn with Three Hoffes only, was, according to Order, read the Third time.

And the Question being put, That the Bill do pass;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

, TeU«for, he VCaS.^- ^t^ ] ,

Tellers for the Noes, j]

So it passed in the Negative.

The Order being read, for the House to resolve itself Supply Bill; into a: Committee of the whqle House, upon the Bill for ^|lc*,0:l taking off certain Duties on Salt, and for making good any c

Deficiencies in the Funds, that may happen thereby;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, for reducing or determining, the Allowances on faked Beef, or Pork, exported to foreign Parts for Sale.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, That no foreign Salt shall be imported into this Kingdom, but in British Ships only.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that they had made some Progress in the Bill; and that the* Committee had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being-put, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas.^0^'?*'* \ ,6.

TeUers for.beNo«.f^"~.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The other Orders of the Day being read; ,

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- Poorlm night, resolve itself into. a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for amending the Laws, relating tQ the Settlement of the Poor.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to East India whom the Bill for reducing the Annuity, or Fund, of Companj. the united East India Company, and for ascertaining their Right of Trade.to the East Indiand the Continuance of their Corporation for that Purpose, upon the Terms therein mentioned, was committed, be received upon Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morn- R-corrrrof ing, resolve itself into a XTommittee of the whole House, SnallDebn. to consider further of the Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 17* die Aprilis; Anno 3* Georgii II4' Regis, 1730.

Broad Wheel* An ingrossed Bill for repealing lo much of the Act,

nTurnpike made in the Filth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty Road*. £ing George the First, intituled, "An Act for making " more effectual sevenl Acts passed, for repairing and " amending the Highways of this Kingdom," as relates to the Breadth of the Streaks and Tire of Wheels, and also so much of the said Act, as restrains Carts, tra-

P r AY ER8.

ABIL L for confirming a Patent, granted by her late Skem Majesty Queen Anne to William Trench, Esquire, Lijht-hwfc deceased, for erecting a Light-house on the Skerries, and for the better Maintenance of the said Light-house, was read the First time.:

Resolved, That the Bill be xead a Second time.

Mr.

i0 3 Geo. II. 170 dprills. 549

1 ft ricks Mr. Alderman Child reported from the Committee, fend Tiles to whom the Bill for amending the Acts therein men-snaking. tioned, relating to the making of Bricks, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to :j report to the House; And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the Report was read; and the Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with an Amendment to one of them, agreed unto by the House 1 and a Blank in the Bill was filled up by the !' House.

Ordered That the Bill, with the Amendments, be 1 ingrossed;

Locks and An ingrafted Bill for reviving, and amending;, an Act, Wears on the made in the Sixth and Seventh Years of the Reign of his Thames, Icc. jate Majesty King William the Third, intituled, "An " Act to prevent Exactions of the Occupiers of Locks " and Wears upon the River of Thames Westward, and r " for ascertaining the Rates of Water Carriage upon the

" laid River," was read the Third time.

And the following Amendments were made by the s House to the Bill; viz.

Press a. L. 21. After that" inlert " for the County: of Middlesex"

L. last. After " Chamber" inlert Robert :r " Fyner"

Prels 3. L. 16. After " Gentlemen" inlert " For the County of Surry."

L. 43. Before " the" inlert " For the County " of Berks."

Prels 5. L. 8. Fill the Blank with " Howard."

L. 17. Fill the Blank with " Bartholomew."

L. 22. Leave out " Gentlemen," and insert " Esquire."

L. 33. After " Justice" insert " For the " County of Bucks."

Press .6. L. 4. After " Esquires" inlert " For the " County of Oxon."

L. 14. After " the" inlert " Right,"

L. 15. Fill the Blank with " William"

L. 25. After " Bampton" insert " Francis

« Fane."

Press L. 5. After " Bampton" inlert " John " Scrope"

L. 6. Leave out " Esquire" and insert " Esquires."

L. 16. After " Wife" insert " For the Cqunty " of Gloucester."

L. 31. Before the first " the" insert " For the > " County of Wilts"

L. last. After " " insert " George

Buckett William Ducke' Press 8. L. 6. After " insert Rogers -

I " land"

Press 15. L. 26. After " fishing" inlert " with Nets." Resolved, That the Pill do pals; and that t lie Title be. An Act for reviving and amending, an Act, made in the Sixth and Seventh Years of the Reign of his late

-I Majesty King William the Third, intituled, "An Act

" to prevent Exactions of the Occupiers of Locks and " Wears upon the River of Thames West ward, and " for ascertaining the Rates of Water Carriage upon the " laid River."

Ordered, That Sir William Stapleton do carry the Bill to the Lorcft, and desire their Concurrence.

Recovery of A Petition of Charles , Gentleman, was pre-

SmallDebti. fented to the House, and read; alleging, that, if the Bill depending in this House, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of final! Debts, should pals, he will be wholly deprived of the Prafits of his Office of CJerk of the common Bails, for recording all Appearances in the Vol. 21.

Court of King's Bench, in Suits under lTen Pounds, or wherein no special Bail is required; in which Office he has a Freehold for Life, and gave a valuable Consideration for it: And therefore praying, that, in case the Bill should pass, he may be relieved, for the Loss he 111 all sustain thereby, in such manner, as the House shall think just and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, is committed; and that the Committee, if they think fit, do make Provision in the said Bill for the Petitioner.

A Petition of Bankrupt Prisoners, in Salop Gaol, was Debtor* presented to the House, and read; praying such Relief, as Petitiom the House shall think fit, in their deplorable Cafe, having delivered up their All to their Creditors, and some of them having been in Prison Seventeen Years, and the late Act, for the Relief of insolvent Debtors, not extending to them, their single Debts exceeding the limited Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Thurston and Mr. Masham:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have pasted a Bill, intituled, An Act to DodwelT* enable Trustees to make Leases of the Estate, late of Sir Estate.

William Dodwell, Knight, deceased, during the Infancy of Mary Dodwell, his only Child, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bridgtown for repairing the Road leading from a Gate called Shipston Toll-gate, at Bridgtown, in the Parish of, Old Stratford, in the County of Warwick, through Alder* minster, and Shipston upon Slower, to the Top of Long Compton Hill, in the said County, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Call of the House be further ad- Call of the journed until this Day Month. House.

The Order being read, for the House to resolve itself Coal Trade, into a Commitree of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better Regulation of the Coal Trade;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, to oblige the Matters of Ships to observe the Directions of, and to account with, their Owners.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, for the registering all Contracts, relating to the buying or selling of Coals in the Port of London.

' Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that they had heard Counsel upon the Petition of the Rulers,

Auditors, und Assistants, of the Company of Wherry-. men, Watermen, and Lightermen, of the Rivef of Thames, in behalf of themselves, and the said Company, against some Parts of the said Bill, and had also heard Counsel for so much of the Bill, as is petitioned against; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Bill for repealing so much of the Carrying Act, made in the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign Rice from of the late Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for granting Carolina

6 £ "to

550

17* — 18* Aprilis.

A. 1730.

Ht

Supply Bill; Exchequer Bills, <tc.

Recovery of Small Debts.

Committee of Privileges.

to her Majesty, a further Subsidy on Wines and Merchandize imported," as prohibits the Importation of Rice directly from the British Plantations in America to any Port in Europe, Southward of Cape be

read a Second time upon Wedn next, at Twelve of the Clock.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for railing Five hundred and Fifty thousand Pounds by Exchequer Bills, towards the Supply

Santed to his Majesty, and for the further Application of e produce of the Sinking Fund.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to contider further of the Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 18°;

Anno 3* Georgii H41 Regis, 1730.

PRAYERS,

Regulating OIR Abraham Elton reported from the Committee, to S1^5"in whom the Bill for the Admission, and Regulation, Bnltel. of Brokers within the City of was committed;

that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the Report was read; and the Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Frauds in -Ordered, That Leave be given4 to bring in a Bill for making of preventing Frauds in the making of Starch, and Hair Starch, Ac. p0W(jer> an(j theclandestinelmportation offoreignStarch, and Hair Powder; and that Mr. , Mr. Scrope,

and Mr. Jacomb, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Bridgwater An ingrossed Bill for repairing several Roads leading Hoads, into the Town of Bridgwater, in the County of was read the Third time.

And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill; viz.

Press 2. L. 17. After " Esquires," insert " ."

Resolved', That the Bill do pals; and that the Title be, An Act for repairing several Roads leading into the Town of Bridgwater, in the County of Somerset.

Ordered, That Mr. Dodington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Price and A Bill for continuing an Act for regulating the Price Affiie of and Assize of Bread, and for the Relief of Bankrupts, read, &c. whose Certificates were not allowed before the Expiration of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, 4‘ An Act for the better preventing Frauds, committed by Bankrupts," and for allowing a further Time for Inrolment of Deeds, or Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers and Lessees, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bramston, Sir John Rifhout, Sir Rickard Lane, Mr. Oglethorpe, Mr. Earle, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Campbell, Mr.

Mr. Scrope, Mr. Baker, Mr. Polhill, Mr. Shepheard, Mr. Dockminiqut, Mr. Hacks, Mr. Moreton, Mr. Moor,

Mr. P/umer, Mr. Cary, Mr. Finch, Sir Robert Furnefe,

Mr. Heathcote, Mr. Wither, Mr. Mr.

ville, Mr. Vernon, Sir Roger Meredith, Colonel Mr. Browne, Mr. Lawson, Mr. Sir John Bar-

rington, Mr. Cornwallis, Mr. Byng, Mr. Winnings oh.

Sir John Norris, Mr. Geers, Sir Campbell, Mr.

Fane, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Clavering, Mr. Holland, Sir Clobery Noel, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Mr. Rowney, Sir Wilfrid Lawson, Mr. Goddard, Mr. Legh Master, Mr.

Edwards; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and amending the Woodfi«ck, several Roads leading from Woodstock through Keddington, &c. R«4 and Enstone, to Roll-right Lane, and from Enjluw Bridge to Keddington aforesaid, in the County of was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be,

An Act for repairing and amending the several Roads leading from Woodstock through Keddington, and to Roll-right Lane, and from Enflow Bridge to Keddington aforesaid, in the County of Oxon.

Ordered, That Mr. Rowney do carry the Bill to the , Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for the better Preservation of the Game, was , r

1 O J . ifClCTVItJOl

read a Second time. of Gum.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Winnington, Mr. Brtidenell, Mr. T Mr. Mr. Geers, Sir Tho. Saunierson, Mr. Cornwall, Sir Furnefe, Mr. Hucks, Colonel Norton, Mr. Shepheard,

Mr. Pulleney, Mr. Edwards, Mr. Booth, Mr. Butler, Sit John Barrington, Mr. Lee, Mr. Solicitor-general, Mr.

Moor, Mr. Cornwallis, Sir Richard Lane, Mr. Ingram,

Colonel Onslow, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Lewis, \t Nathanael Curzon, Sir Geo. Saville, Sir Geo. , Mr. Alderman Parsons, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Mr. Bootle,

Mr. War dour, Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr. Mr. Rams-

den, Mr. Nclthorpe: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The Order being read, for reading the Third time the ChadiM, ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road from it.Rmdi. that Part of Chatham, which lies next the City of

chester> to the End of St. Dunstans Parish, adjoining to the City of Canterbury, in the County of Kent; and for hearing Counsel upon the Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other Persons, living in, or near, the City of Rochester, and other Places, in the County of Kent, whefe Names are thereunto subscribed, and alto Counsel for the said Bill;

The Counsel were called in.

And the Bill, and the said Petition, were read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners was heard.

And then the Counsel were directed to withdraw.

And Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

And the House being moved, that a Clause in an Act made in the Eleventh Year of his late Majesty's Reign, for enlarging the Term granted by a former Act, for amending the Road between Northfleet, Gravesend, and Rochester, which appropriates Part of the Money, arising the reby, towards repairing the Road between the Town of Chatham, and Boughton under the Blean, in the said County of Kent, might be read;

The said Clause was read accordingly.

And an ingrossed Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for repealing so much of an Act, of the nth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, as directs One hundred Pounds per Annum to be applied towards repairing the Road between Chatham, and Boughton under the Blean, in the County of Kent.

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled Up;

And then the Clause was read the Third time, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the,

House, to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Rider.

And

fc

c,:

S!

'M.

oft:

'ft:;

hj

lit

*V.

V,'-

3 Geo. II.

18° — 20° j/iprilis.

!C,

JU:

'r»*

U

k*

-..v

Situ

Rh-

A:.:.

k

ot/>

13 A

Re?

!;a;

2'

if, £ W-r

And the following Amendments were made by the House to the Bill; viz.

" Andrews" insert " John -

la Hard Children.

Snail Del

try of Debt*.

JfctfhrKhiel

Writ.

After " senior" insert " Baldwin

George

‘ Ongley* insert Sir Esquires" insert Sir

Press 2. L. 23. After

"gell, William Angell.'\

L. 33.

" Duppa, junior."

L. 38. After " Fair well" insert "

" Fames'*

Press 3. L. 13. After " Powell, Baronet."

L. 16. After "

" Roberts, Baronet."

Press 12. L. 34. Leave out Parish," and insert " Parishes and, in the same Line, after " "

insert " and St. Nicholas."

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from that Part of Chatham, which lies next to the City of Rochester, to St. Dunstan's Cross, near the City of

bury, in the County of Kent; and for repealing so much of a former Act, as appropriates Part of the Money, arising by the Tolls or Duties therein mentioned, towards repairing the Road between the Town of Chatham, and Boughton under the Blean, in the said County of Kent.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Furnefe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the more effectual indemnifying and securing Parishes, and other Places, from such Charges as may arise from Ballard Children, born with the fame, was committed, be taken into Confederation upon Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself-into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Luttce, 20° die 3

Anno 3* Georgii II41 Regis, 1730.

Pm taken in Court* of Justice, and by Law Officer*.

Stroudyater

Navigation.

Pesters.

THE House being informed, that Mr. Woodford, Secretary to the Right honourable the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, attended at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, A Lift, or Account, of Fees taken by him.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Lift, or Account, was read. Ordered, That the said lift, or Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Lift, or Account, is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Lestwithiel, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of Sir Edward Knatchbull, Baronet, deceased.

An ingrafted Bill for making navigable the River Slroudwater, in the County of Gloucester, from the River Severn, at or near Framiload, to near the Town of Stroud, in the same County, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals; and that the Title be, An Act for nuking navigable the River Stroud-Vop.

551

water, in the County of Gloucester? from the River Severn, at or near Framiload, to Wallbridge, gear the Town of Stroud, in the same County.

Ordered, That Sir John Dutton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for the better Regulation of Juries, Reflating was read the Third time. Jurie*.

And the Amendments following were made by the House to the Bill; viz.

Press 1. L. 33. Leave\ out " herein after required," and insert 4< by virtue of this Act."

Press 4. L. 43. After " County" insert " not being'

" a County of a City or Town."

Press 5. L. 18. After " summoned" insert " and attending."

L. 31. After from" insert " serving or."

L. 44. After " Fines" insert " upon any " Person or Persons, so offending."

Press 10. L. 17. Leave out "made out," and insert " proved by Oath or Affidavit."

Press ti. L. 4. After "Courts" leave out "to be " tried by Nisi prius.'

L. 6. After " depending" inlert " unless " such Issues are to be tried at the Bar of the same " Courts."

Press 13. L. 5. After " Tenements" leave out " Goods and leave out " Chattels," and insert " personal Estate."

Press 14. L. 12. After " who" insert " at the Time of such Return."

L. 15. After " causes" leave out by virtue "of this, or any other, Act or Acts of Parliament for " that Purpose."

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be

An Act for the better Regulation of Juries.

Ordered, That Mr. Harley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. John Rennet and Mr. Lighthoun:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Supply Bill; for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, ®u.tie*on and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England, Mat> &c* and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt,

Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year 1730; for exempting from the said Duties Cyder and Perry used for distilling; for ascertaining the Bounty for Malt exported; for better preventing Frauds in the malting of Corn for Exportation; for making good the Deficiency of a late Malt Act; and for giving farther Time to Clerks and Apprentices to pay Duties, omitted to be paid for their Indentures and Contrafts; without any Amendment:

And also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, Galley Aik Act for repairing the Road leading from Galley Corner to Comer, adjoining to Enfield Chace, in the Parish of South Lemsford Mims, in the County of Middlesex, to Lemsford Mill, in Roa‘1* the County of Hertford without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Alderman Barnard reported from the Committee, Kennett to whom the Bill for making the Acts, of the First and Navigation. Seventh Years of his late Majesty's Reign, for making the River Kennett navigable from Reading to Newbury, in the County of Berks, more effectual.....and to whom the

Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, Owners and Occupiers of Lands, and Meadow Grounds, situate in, upon, or near to, the River Kennett, in the County of Berks, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and others, against the said Bill, was referred; that the Committee had heard the said Petitioners by their Counsel, and had also heard Counsel for the Bill; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true t and had

1

Dudley*

forfeited

Eftact*

East India Company.

Supply Bill; Exchequer Bill*, & c.

Bn (lard Children.

552 20° — 21*

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the Report M as read; and tome of the Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Refolded, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Relief of Dame Elizabeth Dudley, and her Issue, relating to an Estate in the County of and Kingdom of Ireland, forfeited to the Crown, during the Life of William Kennedy, her great Uncle.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for reducing the Annuity, or Fund, of the united East India Company, and for ascertaining their Right of Trade to the East Indies, and the Continuance of their Corporation for that Purpose, upon the Terms therein mentioned, was committed, the Amendments, the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the Report was read; and the Amendments, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause w'as offered, to be added to the Bill, For im-fiowering the Commissioners of the Treasury to allow to the East India Company a Discount for prompt Payment of any Part of the Sum, they are to pay.

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up.

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill,*

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, To prevent the Company's buying their own Goods at their Sales.

And the said Clause was brought up, and once read.

' And the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, To prevent giving Preference as to Payment for Goods.

And the said Clause was brought up, and once read.

And the Question being put. That the Clause be read a Second time;

it passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, To restrain the Company in their purchasing Lands or Hereditaments in Great Britain.

And the said Clause was twice read, with a Blank W'hich was filled up.

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for railing Five hundred and Fifty thousand Pounds by Exchequer Bills, towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, and for the further Application of the Produce of the Sinking Fund.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the more effectual indemnifying and securiDg Parishes, and other Places, from such Charges,

Aprilis. A. 1730

as may arise from Bastard Children, born within the same, . . be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Winnington took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Winnington reported from the Committee, that they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 21® die

Anno 30 Georgii IIdl Regis, 1730.

Pit A YE RS.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for repealing, and explaining. Part of an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act for " vetting Part of the Estate of Moyle Breton, Esquire, in " Trustees, to be sold, for the railing Three thousand " Pounds, charged of other Part of the same Estate,

" and for other Purposes therein mentioned," by appointing other Lands to be sold, than by the said Act are directed, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing the several Roads leading into the City of Hereford, was read the Third time.

And the Amendments following were severally made by the House to the Bill; viz.

Press 18. L. 34. After " Distress* insert " and Sale." Press 19. L. 11. Leave out " June," and insert "July"

L. 31. Leave out June" and insert " July." Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for repairing the several Roads leading into the City of Hereford.

Ordered, That Mr. Geers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to communicate to this House, Copies of all ltich separate and secret Article^ of the Treaty of Seville, as are not yet, laid before this House, and also Copies of the Ratifications of the said Treaty, and of the separate and secret Articles thereof; The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Ycas,| f 75

Tellers for the Noes, ^muZf 1

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing an Act, for regulating the Price and Assize of Bread, and for the Relief of Bankrupts, whose Certificates were not allowed before the Expiration of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty,' intituled, u An Act for the better preventing Frauds, committed by Bankrupts," and for allowing

Recovery of Small Debts

Committee or Privilege*.

Breton*

Estate.

Hereford

Roads,

Treat? of Seville

Price and Affire of Bread, kt

10,

3 Geo. II.

21° — 22° A prills.

555

allowing a further Time for Inrolment of Deeds* or Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers and Lessee«, is committed, that they have Power to amend, and make more effectual, the said Act, for regulating the Price and Assize of Bread.

Ordered, That it be an Instru&iort to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, for preventing the fraudulent Hirings of Servants.

Ordered \That it be an instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, for nuking more eaiy the Proof of Certificates, relating to the Scttlements of poor Persons.

Ordered, That it bean Instruction to the said Commitiee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, for reimbursing Patifhes the Charges they shall be put to, in maintaining and conveying Certificate Perlims, and their Families, to the P.aces of their Settlements, after their becoming chargeable.-

The Orders of the Dav being read;

Kennett Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Report

Navigation, from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making t-he Acts, of the First and-Seventh Years of his late Majesty's Reign, for making the River Kennett navigable from Reading to Newbury, in the County of , more

effectual, was committed, be further adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Svpply Bill; The House resolved irself into a Committee of the Dune* on whole 1 oule, upon the Bill for taking off certain Duties on Sad, and for making good any Deficiencies in the Funds, that may happen t.,eieby.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Si eaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that they had gom through the Bill, and had made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House wiil please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Thursday Morning next.

Coal Trade, Orde>ed, That the Report from the Committee of the whole It ule, to whom the Bill for the better Regulation of the Gal Trade, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning, at Eleven of the Clock.

Dudley'*

forfeited

Estate.

Ballard

Children.

Resolved, That this House wid. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Relief of Dame Elizabeth Dudley, and her Issue, relating to an Lftatr in the Count) of Wicklow, and Kingdom of . forfeited to the

Crown, during the Life of William her great

Uncle.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the more effectual indemnifying and securingParithes, and other Places, from such Charges as may afife from Bastard Children, born within the same,

be taken into Consideration upon ephurfday Morning

next.

Fraud*

nuking

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 2 2° die Aprilis;

Anno 3* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1730.

P R A Y B R S.

in *\/f R. Vincent presented to the House (according to of 1V1 Order) a Bill for preventing Frauds in the making

Starch, Sec. of Starch, and Hair Powder, and the clandestine Importation of foreign Starch, and Hair Powder; and the tame was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Vo i. 21.

The House being informed, that Mt\ Wood, Clerk of Assizes for the Northern Circuit, attendefl at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, A Table of the Fees and Allowances, belonging, and which have anciently been paid, and allowed, to the Clerk of Affi/.es, and now taken, for the Northern Circuit, touching Pleas of the Crown, and Gaol Delivery.

And then he withdrew.

And the Tit'e of the said Table of Fees and Allowances was read.

Ordered, That the said Table of Fees and Allowances do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Table of Fees and Allowances is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill for the Admission, and Regulation, of B.okers within the City of ,was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for the Admission, and Regulation, of Brokers within the City of Bristol.

Ordered, That Sir Abraham Elton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of Chriflaplur Hawkins, F.squire, Clerk of Aflizrs for the several Counties md Cities in the Western Circuit, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, that he F entitled to finall Fees on Tiials by in that Circuit, as belonging to his Office; which is very ancient, and his Freehold; and he is obliged, by hi in fell", or Deputy, to attend all AflizsS; and that he will be much prejudiced by the Bill, depending in the House, for the more easy and Ipcedy Recovery o! small Debts, and yet liable to the same Attendance: And therefore, and to prevent the Delay, which may happen in the Courie of Pioteeding-, by having different Officers, he prays, that he, and the Clerks of Assizes, for the Time being, in the said Circuit, may be appointed Clerks of the civil Biils within the said Circuit, or be otherwise relieved, as to the House shall seem meet.

OrdereJ, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more easy and spetdy Recovery of small Debts, is committed, and that the Committee, if they think fit, do make Provision in the said Bill for the Petitioner,

A Petition of John Toole, Gentleman, and Martha, his Wile, Executrix of Wm. Lamb, Esquire, her late Husband, deceased, and P'ter God ley. Esquire, Incumbrancers on the Estate, late of Sir Richard , Ba-

ronet, in the Kingd m of Ireland, deceased, and of William Godley, Clerk, Son and Heir of John Godley, deceased, a Purchaser of Part of the said Estate in the County of Dublin, and also of John Sale, Esquire, John Archer, Richard Archer, John Ford, A , John

and Eduard Melcafle, Gentlemen, Lessees of other Part of the said Estate in the County of was pre-

fented to the House, and read; letting forth, that the Petitioner, John Toole, is entitled to^ 1,700. and Interest, and the Petitioner, Peter Godley, to £496. 4 udi Principal and Interest, charged on the said Estate by the Settlement ol Sir Richard Kennedy, and since confirmed by Decree ot Chancery in IrelThat the Petitioner Godley's Father, in 1708, purchased of the said Sir Richard Kennedy, in Dub, in, £.60. per Annum, lor £ 1,400.

and the rest of the Petitioners are Lessees, in Possession, of other Part of the said Estate in the county of,

for their Lives; and the Petitioners areadvised, that their respective Claims may be called in Question, by reason of the Attainder and Outlawry of Wm. Kennedy, Son of the said Sir Rickard Kennedy, and by Force of several Acts of

Parliament, whereby such forfeited Estates were vested in the Crown: And the Petitioners being Purchasers, without Notice, for a valuable Consideration, they therefore pray,

7 A that

F<*cs taken in Court* of Justice and by Law Officer*.

Regulating Brokers in Bristol*

Reeovery of Small Debt*

Dudley'*

forfeited

Estate.

554 22° A\

that in the Bill, depending in this House, for Relief of Dame Elizabeth Dudley, and her I flue, relating to an Estate in the County of Wicklow, and Kingdom of Ireland, forfeited to the Crown, during the Life of Kennedy, her great Uncle, Provision may be made, for securing the several Rights and Intereflsof the Petitioners in the said Estate, or that they may be otherwise relieved, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Recovery of A Petition of Henry Wood, Esquire, Clerk of the

Small Debt*. Assizes for the Counties of York, Northumberland, Cum- berland, Westmorland, Bishoprick of Durham, City of

York, and County of the fame, City of Carlisle, Town of Kingston upon Hull, and County of the fame, Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, and County of the fame, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and Liberties of the fame, all in the Not them Circuit, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, that he is, in Right of his Office, entitled to small Fees, on Trials by in that Circuit;

which Office is Freehold; and he is obliged, by himself, or Deputy, to attend all Assizes for the said Counties and Places; and that he will be much prejudiced by the Bill, depending in this House, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, and yet be liable to the same Attendance: And therefore, and to prevent the Delay, which may happen in the Course of Proceedings, by having different Officers, he prays, that he, and the Clerk of Assizes, for the Time being, in the said Circuit, may be appointed Clerk of the civil Bills within the said Circuit, or be otherwise relieved, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, is committed; and that the Committee, if they think fit, do make Provision in the said Bill for the Petitioner.

Mordaont's Mr. William Bromley, junior, reported from the Com-

Jointure. mittee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Power of Sir Charles Mordaunt, Baronet, to make a Jointure, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

IofPD°bment ^lr Wilfrid Lawson reported from the Committee, to e for*' whom the Bill for explaining and amending an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons," was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and after-, wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the Report was read; and the Amendments, being l'everally read a Second time, were, upon the Question l'everally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Coal Trade. A Petition of several Lightermen, carrying Coals, and other Goods, for Hire, on the River of Thames, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and others, was offered to be presented to the House; praying, that they may be heard by themselves against such Parts of the Bill, depending in this House, for the

mils* 173a

better Regulation of the Coal Trade, which tend to prejudice them in their respective Business, or such Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

And the Question being put, That the Petition be brought up;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tc.lersforthcVc^;?"'"^ } S«.

Tellers for the Noes,

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Lord Tyrconnel have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions. Absence.

A Bill for confirming a Patent, granted by her late skmwt Majesty Queen Anne to William Trench, Esquire, de- Light-house ceased, for erecting a Light-house on the Skerries, and for the better Maintenance of the said Light-house, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself intp a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Orders of the Day being read;

The House resumed the further Consideration of the Bennett Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for Navigidoo. making the Acts, of the- First and Seventh Years of his late Majesty's Reign, for making the River Kennett navigable from Reading to Newbury, in the County of Berks, more effectual, was committed.

And the residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, were severally read a Second time, and were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments of some, and Amendments to others, of them, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for in> powering the Owners of Land, when overflowed, to open a Lock, called the Country Lock, if the Proprietors there- t of, or their Servants, neglect, or refuse, to open the fame.

And the said Clause was twice read, aid, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for impowering Land-owners to shut down Locks and Sluices, to prevent Damages, in case the Proprietors, or their Agents, neglect to fbut the fame.

And the said Clause was twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for appointing other Meetings, in case the Commissioners do not meet at the Times fixed.

And the said Clause was twice read, with a Blank; and, being amended, and the Blank filled up, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

And other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee of the Coil T«de. whole House, to whom the Bill for the better Regulation of the Coal Trade, was committed, the Amendments, the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the Report was read; and the Amendments being severally read a Second time, some of them were disagreed with, and the rest, with Amendments of some, and Amendments

Cirrying Rice I tom Carolina.

Supply Bill; Exchequer

3 Geo. II.

22* — 23° Aprilis.

ments to others, of them, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for regi fieri ng all Bargains, Contracts, and Agreements, relating to Coals imported.

And the said Clause was brought up, and once read.

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, concerning Agreements, to fix the Price of Coals, and causing Ships to unload in Turns.

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks ;and the Clause was amended, and the Blanks filled up.

And the Question being put. That the Clause be made Part of the Bill;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for registering the Servants to Lightermen.

And the Clause was brought up, and twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up.

And the Question being put, That the Clause be made Part of the Bill;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for making the Act temporary.

And the Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up.

And the Question being put, That the Clause be made Part of the Bill;

It passed in the Negative.

And other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the Bill for repealing so much of the Act, made in the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of the late Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for granting " to her Majesty a further Subsidy on Wines and Merchandize imported," as prohibits the Importation of Rice directly from the British Plantations in America to any Part in Europe, Southward of Cape , he

read a Second time upon Friday Morning next, in a full House.

Pounds by Exchequer Bills, towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, and for the further Application of the Produce of the Sinking Fund.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Recovery of resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Small Debt*, consider further of the Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morn- Dudbyb ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole forfeited House, upon the Bill for Relief of Dame Elizabeth £,ute* Dudley, and herlffue, relating to an Estate in the County of Wicklow, and Kingdom of Irel, forfeited to the Crown, during the Life of Wm. , her great

Uncle.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Committee Elections be adjourned. of Privileges.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 200 die Ap

Anno 30 Georgii II-1 Regis, 1730.

Prayers.

THE House being informed, that Mr. East India

from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended O" »«y'» at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented Trade, to the House, pursuant to their Order, An Account,

shewing the Amount of the Value of the Go'd9, Merchandize, and Bullion, exported by the East India Company from the Port of London, from Christmas, 17 20, to Christmas, 1727, and of the Goods and Merchandize imported into the said Port by the said Company, fr< m Christmas, 1722, to Christmas, 1729, distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as follows; viz.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for raising Five hundred and Fifty thousand

An ACCOUNT, shewing the Amount of the Value of the Goods, Merchandize, and Bullion, exported by the East India Company from the Port of London, from Christmas, One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty, to Christmas, One thousand Seven hundred and twentyseven, and of the Goods and Merchandize imported into the said Port by the said Company, from Christmas, 1722, to Christmas, >729, distinguishing each Year.

EXPORTED. IMPORTED.

t )

£ s. d. £ S. d.

I ' 1720- - 1721 - 740.643 17 10 £ ' 1722 1723 - 968,570 14 6

a 1721 1722 - 805,954 7 9 s 1723 s 1724 - 1,165,203 I 4

5 1722 V. 1723 - 689,462 18 10 *724 I *>* of* 1725 - 759.7/8 12 3

s { 1723 $ \ 1724 - 553*3 96 *4 3 3 < *725 < 2 l y 1726 - 914,122 >3 7

p 1724 I 1725 - 658,221 2 1 p 1726 1727 - - 1,125,829 14 4

s 1725 1 £ 1726 - ' 547.757 7 9 M O lm 1727 0 H 1728 - 869,474 16 9

(£4 1726 - I 1727 - 641,148 2 11 1728 L J 1 1729 - 972.033 l6 it

Custom-house, John Oxenford,

Inspector-general's Office, Assistant Inspector*generaL

April, 1730.

V*fc. 31.

Orde d,

Fees taken in Courts of Justice, and by Law Officers.

Deptford new Church Minister'* Maintenance

23° Aprilis.

A. 1730.

Ordered, That the said Account Jo lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House being informed, that Mr. Secre-

tary of Commissions to the Right honourable the Lord High Chancellor, attended at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Lift of Fees, due to, and taken by, the Purse-bearer to the Lord High Chancellor; and also.

An Account of Fees, taken by the Secretary of the Presentations to the Right honourable the Lord High Chancellor; and also,

A Lift, or Account of Fees, taken by Mr.

Martyn, Secretary to the Right honourable the Lord High Chancellor, relating to Commissions of the Peace, Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol Delivery, and also of Sewers,

and charitable Uies; and also,

Fees, taken by the Secretary to the Lord High Chancellor, in Proceedings, relating to Commissions of Lunacy, and Ideocy; and also,

An Account of Fees, taken by the Secretary of Dectees and Injunctions to the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain; and also.

An Account of Fees, taken by the Secretary of the Appeals to the Lord High Chancellor of Great;

and also.

Fees, taken by the Receiver of the Fines in the high Court of Chancery j and also,

A Lift of Fees, due to, and received by, the Serjeant tit Arms, attending the great Seal; and also.

An Account of Fees taken by the Gentlemen of the Chambers to the Lord Chancellor; and also,

A Table of Fees, belonging to the Lord High Chancellor's Ulher of the Hall, for all Causes and Business done at his Lordship's House; and also,

A Lift of the Fees of the Lord Chancellor's Secretary of the Commissions of Bankruptcy; and also,

The Fees of the Messenger, attending the great Seal. And then he withdrew.

And the Titlesof the said Lifts, Accounts, and Table of Fees, were read.

Ordered, That the said Lifts, Accounts, and Table of Fees, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Lifts, Accounts, and Table of Fees, are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed, that Mr. Secretary to the Right honourable the Matter of the Roll?, attended at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, An Account of the respective Fees, now taken by the Secretary, and other Officers, attendant on the Right honourable the Matter of the Rolls.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to he perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill for providing a Maintenance for a Minister of the Parish Church of St. Nicholas, Deptford, in the Counties of Kent and Surrey, was read the Third time.

And the Amendments following were made by the House to the Bill; viz.

Press 8. L. 29. Leave out " or," and insert " of " every Person, who."

Press 13. L. 43. Leave out " where such," and insert " the."

L. 43, 44. Leave out " said Justice or." Press 19. L. 12. After "to the" insert " Minister " or."

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act for providing a Maintenance for the Minister of the new Parish Church of St. N, Deptford, in the Counties of Kent and Surrey, and for making the same a distinct Parish.

Ordered, That Sir Roger Meredith do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for amending the Acts therein Brick, mentioned, relating to the making of Bricks, was read an<1 Tib the Third time.

And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill; viz.

Press 2. L. 10. After " Bushels" insert " and in that " Proportion for any other Number or Quantity of " Bricks."

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act for amending the Acts therein mentioned, relating to the making of Bricks.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for J«rvoife'i restraining Thomas Jervoi/e, junior, Esquire, a Lunatick, *"* from marrying, or aliening, disposing, or incumberingj his Estate, during his Lunacy, and for railing Poitions for his Sifter's Children, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to S\r John Cope,

Lord Gage, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Alderman Perry,

Mr. Alderman Barnard, Mr. Sa Mr. Metcalfe, Mr. J a com he, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Mr.

Bristow, Sir Nathanael Cttrzon, Mr. Bacon, Mr.

Mr. Bevau, Sir Roger Meredith, Mr. Mr. Bru-

denell. Sir Nicholas IVII/iams, Mr. Burton, Mr. Gregory,

Sir Archer Croft, Mr. Geers, Mr. Brown, Mr. Potenger,

Mr. Wyndham, Mr. Ckancey, Mr. Mr. lVhtl~

worth, Mr. Earle, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Sir

Wm. Wyndham, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Harr if on, Mr.

Winnington, Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr. York. Mr. Duckett,

Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Dundafs, Mr. Byng, Mr. Holland,

Mr. Reynell, Mr. Crowle, Mr. Pierfe, Mr. Lyster, Sir Wm. Milner, M r. West by; and all the Members, that serve for the Counties of Southampton, Wilts, Worcester, and Derby: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House being moved, that the Thirtieth Section Frauds by of an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better preventing Frauds committed by Bankrupts," for inrolling Commissions of Bankrupts, and Proceedings thereupon, might be read;

The laid Clause was read.

Ordered, That it be an Instrudionto the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing an Act, for regulating the Price and Assize of Bread, and for the Relief of Bankrupts, whose Certificates were not allowed before the Expiration of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " the betterpreventingFraudscommiitedby Bankrupts," and for allowing further Time for Inrolment of Deeds, or Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers, and Lessees, is committed, that they have Power to receive a Clause, for reviving, and continuing, so much of the said Act, of the Fifth Year of his said late Majesty, as relates to the Inrolment of Commissions of Bankrupts, and Proceedings thereupon.

Sir Charles Turner the Committee of t for taking off certain Duties on Salt, and for making good any Deficiencies.in the Funds, that may happen thereby, ..... the Amendments, the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the Report was read; and the Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon

the

(according to Order) reported from Supply Kb -ie whole House, to whom the Bill

Recovery of Sflall Debts.

Poor Laws.

Bastard

Children.

East India Company's Trade.

3 Geo. II. a 3 ° — 24° Aprilis. 557

the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, to direct the Burthen of Ships importing foreign Salt.

And the Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up.

And the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for laving to the Lord Mayor and Court of Aldermen of London, and Justices of the Peace, m their several Jurisdictions, the Powers, granted by an Act of the 9th and loth of King William the Third, for ascertaining the Price of Salt.

And the said Clause was twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

And other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The Order being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee,

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conduit took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conduit reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will ple.de to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Saturday Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning

next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for amending the Laws, relating to the Settlement of the Poor.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Report tram the Committee, to whom the Bill for the more effectual indemnifying and securing Parishes, and other Places, from such Charges as may arise from Bastard Children, born within the same ..

And the Report was read.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, some of them were disagreed with, and the rest, with Amendments to one of them, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto; and another Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

And then the House adjourned till To-morroyr Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 240 die April'ts;

Anno 3* Georgii IP* Regis, 173Q. Praters.

THE House being informed, that Mr. Paul, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Lift of all Ships, entered at the Custam-hpyfe, London, for the East Indies, from Christmas 1720, to Christmas 1727, with the Names and Tonage of each Ship, distinguishing each Year; and also,

The Amount of the Money, paid by the East India Company for Customs on Goods imported into the Port of London, from Christmas 1722, <o Christmas 1728, with Vpt. 21.

the Sums of Money, drawn back, on Re-exportation, distinguishing each Year; and also,

A Lift of the Names of all Ships from the East , with the Tonage thereof respectively, the Masters Names, and the Times when they made their Reports at the Custom-house, from Christmas 1722, to Christmas 1729.

Aqd then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Lifts and Account were read.

Ordered, That the said Lifts and Account do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.'

The said Lifts and Account are hound up with the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill to enable the Court of Session in Scotland to make Adjournments of the said Court, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act for enabling the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland to make an Adjournment of the said C-nirt; and for limiting the Time for the Execution of Sentences, importing corporal Punishments, in chat Part of the Kingdom.

Ordered, That Mr. Dundas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees to make Leases of the Eftnte, late of Sir William Dodivll, Knight, deceased, during the

Infancy of Mary Dodzvell, his only Child, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Full time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for preventing Frauds in the making of Starch, and I lair Powder, and the clan leiline Imp station of foreign Starch, and Hair Powder, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be coam.itted.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee ' of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve ittelf into a Committee of the whole House, upotn the said Bill.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other the Inhabitants, of the Town of , in Hertfordshire

and Cambridgeshire, was presented to the House, and read;

letting forth, that they apprehend, that in the Bill depending in this House, to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act made'in the Tenth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for repairing " the Roads leading from Stump Cross, in the Parish of " Chesterford, in the County of Essex, to Newmarket " Heath, and the Town of Cambridge, in the County of " Cambridge," and also an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of his laid late Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act " for repairing Part of the Road from London to Cambridge, beginning at the End of the Parish of,

" in the said County, next to Barley, in the County of " Hertford, and ending at the Pavement in Street, in the Town of Cambridge"it is intended, that all Pafllngere on Horseback, &c. shall pay the same Toll at HawksteneMill Turnpike, as well for passing the

exempt Road from thence to Royston, as the ancient Road from thence to London, and only Eighty Pounds per Annum robe allowed for repairing the said exempt Road; which Sum is no proportionable Share of the Toll, payable by those who pass the said exempt Road, and is defieiehtto repair the lame; And praying, that the Money collected from Passengers, £ dufing the said exempt Road to Royston, may be applied to the repairing the said Road only; and that the Petitioners may be heard by their Counsel, or be otherwise relieved, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act*

7 B made

Scotch Court of Session.

Dodwell's

EiWe.

Frauds In

making Starch, &c.

Cambridge, (Sec. Roads.

Locks and Wears on the Thames.

Earl of Ranelagh's Mate.

Worcester

Workhouse,

*c.

Hawker i and Medlars.

558

made in the Tenth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for repairing the Roads leading from " Stump Cross, in the Parish of in the County of Essex, to -Newmarket Heath, and the Town of Cam bridge, in the County of Cambridge," and also an Act made in the Eleventh Year of his laid late Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for repairing Part of the M Road from London to Camb, beginning at the " End of the Parish of Foulmire, in the said County, next " to Barley, in the County of and ending at

" the Pavement in Trumpington Street, in the Town of " Cambridge..... be received; and that the Petition-

ers, if they think fit, be then heard by their Counsel, according to the Prayer of their Petition.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard at the same time for lo much of the said Bill, as is petitioned against.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed, be received upon Wednesday Morning next.

A Meftage from the Lords, by Mr. Thomas Bennet and Mr. Elde:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for reviving, and amending, an Act, made in the Sixth and Seventh Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, "An Act to prevent Exadtions of the Occupiers of Locks and Wears upon " the River of Thames Westward, and for ascertaining " the Rates of Water Carriage upon the said River," without any Amendment:

And also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estate of , late Earl of

Ranelagh, in the Counties of and Berks, in Trustees, to be sold, for the Uses therein mentioned, with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

And also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending, and making more effectual. An Act, made in the Second and Third Years of the Reign of the late Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act foreredting " a Workhouse in the City of Worcester, and for letting the Poor on Work there," with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by (he Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending, and making more effectual, an Act, made in the Second and Third Years of the Reign of the late Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for the " eroding a Workhouse in the City of Wncester, and " for setting the Poor on Work there."

And the said Amendments were once read, and are as Iclloweth; viz.

Press 5. L. 22. After " Lease" insert " and and, in the same Line, leave out " and dispose."

L. 23. Leave out " of."

L. 25. After li thereof' insert " for any " Term, not exceeding One-and-twenty Years, at the " bell improved Rent, without taking any Fine for the " fame."

The laid Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Mr, Sandys do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, principal Traders, and chief Inhabitants, of the Town of Bland ford , in the County of Dorset, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of great Decays in their Trade, occa-stoned by the clandestine Trade and Dealings, carried on by Hawkers anil Pedlars; and praying the Consideration

A. 1730.

of the House, and such Relief, as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table

The Orders of the Day being read;

A Bill for repealing so much of the Act, made in the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of the late Queen R>ce fm* Anne, intituled, "An Act for granting to her Majesty a Caru, ia " further Subsidy on Wines and Merchandize imported," as prohibits the Importation of Rice directly from the British Plantations in America to any Port in Europe, Southward of Cape Finisterre, was read a Second time.

And the Question being put, That the Bill be committed;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas, [JJj; Crow/e"'

-T- 11 e.I tvt 5 Captain,

Tellers for the Noes, \u x.PUUipp

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday next, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Commissionera of the Customs do, upon Tuesday next, at Twelve of the Clock, attend the said Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next. Supply Bn; at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for raising Five hun- 1 dred and Fifty thousand Pounds by Exchequer Bills towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, and for the further Application of the Produce of the Sinking Fund.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec- Commit* tions be adjourned. ofi'riviiqo.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 2 50 die udprilis;

Anno 3# Georgii II" Regis, 1730.

Prayers.

AN ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for repealing, and explaining. Part of an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act for " vetting Part of the Estate of Moyle Breton, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, for the raising Three thousand " Pounds, charged on other Part of the same Estate, and " for other Purposes therein mentioned," by appointing other Lands to be sold, than by the said Act arc directed, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Bacon, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Lifter, Colonel Read, Mr Tre-by, Mr. Farrington, Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Crispe, Mr. Knight,

Mr. Clayton, Mr. Conduit, Mr. Mr. Moor, Mr.

Car, Mr. Heathcote, Sir John Hind Cotton, Mr. Hacks,

Mr. Bromley, Mr. Glanville, Mr. Holland, Mr. Brudenell,

Mr. Cary, Mr. Guidot, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Moreton, Nit .^P age, Sir Richard Lane, Mr. Baron Birch,

Mr. Byng, Mr. Chaimcy, Mr. Towers, Mr. Evans, Lord Limerick, Mr. Winnington, Sir Nicholas Williams, Mr.

Cross, Mr. Phillips, Lord Morpeth; and all the Members, that serve for the County of Kent: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill for the more effectual indemnifying Baton! and securing Parishes, and other Places, from such Ciulitta. Charges as may arise from Bastard Children, born within the same, was read the Third time.

240 — 2 50 Jprilis.

81.

3GEQ.II. 250 — 2 70

559

Lnmley'i

Estate.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, And also, the Lords have puffed a Bill, intituled, D«-hcr, of An Act for the more effectual indemnifying and securing An Act for Sale of the Manor of and other Newcastle'.

Parishes, and other Places, from such Charges as may Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of arise from Bastard Children, born within the same. late the Estate of , Duchess Dowager

Ordered, That Mr. Robert Hacks do carry the Bill to castle, and intailed by her Will, and for laying out the the Lords, and defue their Concurrence. Money, arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of another

Estate, to be settled to the same Uses; to which the Mr. Bramston reported from the Committee, to whom Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

theingrofied Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estate of Sir James Lumley, Baronet, in Trustees, for railing Moneys, by Sale or Mortgage thereof, for the Payment of his Debts, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made some Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Confederation upon Monday Morning next;

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed, that Mr. Hickes, Secretary Fees taken of the Briefs to the Right honourable the Lord High in Courts Chancellor, attended at the Door,- he was called in, and, and^bifllaw at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their officers. Order, An Account of the Fees, taken by the Secretary of the Briefs to the Right honourable the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Recovery of Mr. Conduit (according to Order) reported from the Small Debts. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more ealy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, was committed, the Amendments, the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed unto by the House; and other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Dodkv's The House resolved itself into a Committee of the forfeited whole House, upon the Bill for Relief of Dame Elizabeth Eiate. Dudley, and her issue, relating to an Estate in the County of Wicklow, and Kingdom of Ireland, forfeited to the Crown, during the Life of William Kennedy, her great Uncle.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Limerick took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Limerick reported from the Committee, that they had considered the Petitions, referred to them; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Lunce, 270 Aprilis;

Anno 30 Georgii II" Regis, 1730.

Prayers.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. John Bennett and Mr. Allen:

Mr. Speaker,

Wellbourne The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Mountfort for inclosing several common Fields, common Meadows, IncWure. and other commonable Lands, in the Hamlet of

bourne Mountfort, in the Parish of Welshourne Hastings, in the County of Warwick, with one Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

Vol.21.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Manor of Hickling, and other Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of late the

Estate of Margaret, Duchess Dowager of Newcastle, and intailed by her Will, and for laying out the Money, arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of another Estate, to be settled to the same Uses, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Duchess of Newcastle's Estate.

An ingossed Bill for explaining and amending an Act» imprisonment made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, " An, °* ebtor* " Act for the Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons," was read the Third time.

And the Amendments following were severally made by the House to the Bill; viz.

Press 5. L. 33. After " some" insert " safe and and after " his" insert " her or their."

L. 48. After " made" insert " and so as such " House be not the House of the Person arrested."

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for explaining and amending an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " for the Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons."

Ordered, That Sir Wilfrid Laufon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. John Bennett and Mr. Aden:

Mr. Speaker,

The lairds have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Hereford for repairing the several Roads leading into the City of Roads-Hereford, without any Amendment:

And also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, Importation An Act for importing Salt from Europe into the Colony ot s*lt-of New Turk in America, without any Amendment:

And also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, Limehouse An Act for making the Hamlet of Limehouse, and Part Parish. of the Hamlet of Ratcliffe, in the Parish of St. Dunstan Stebonheath, alias Stepney, in the County of Middlesex, a distinct Parish, and for providing a Maintenance for the Minister of the new Church there, without any Amendment:

And also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, Chatham, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from that &c. Road. Part of Chatham, which lies next to the City of Rochester, to St. Dunfan's Crops, near the City of Canterbury, in the County of Kent; and for repealing so much of a former Act, as appropriates Part of the Money, arising by the lolls or Duties therein mentioned, towards repairing the Road between the Town of Chatham, and Boughton under the Blean, in the County of Kent without any Amendment.

And

Ksnnett

navigation.

East India Company.

Dudley's

forfeited

Estate.

Supply Bill; Exchequer Bill?, &c.

Frauds in making Starch, txc.

Lumley'a

Estate.

560 27* — 2 8° A. 1750.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill for making the Acts, of the First and Seventh Years of his late Majesty's Reign, for making the River Kennelt navigable from Reading to bury>, in the County of Berks, more effectual, was read the Third time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for making the Acts, of the First and Seventh Years of his late Majesty's Reign, for making the River Kennett navigable from Reading to Newbury, in the County of Berks, more effectual.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Barnard do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deftre their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for reducing the Annuity, or Fund, of the united East India Company, and for ascertaining their Right of Trade to the Indies, and the Continuance of their Corporation for that Purpol'e, upon the Terms' therein mentioned, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act for reducing the Annuity, or Fund, of the united East India Company, and for ascertaining their Right of Trade to the East Indies, and the Continuance of their Corporation for that Purpose, upon the Terms therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Sir Charles 'turner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deftre their Concurrence.

The Lord Limerick (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Relief of Dame Elizabeth Dudley, and her Issue, relating to an Estate in the County of Wicklow, and Kingdom of Ireland, forfeited to the Crown, during the Life of Wm. Kennedy, her great Uncle, was committed, the Amendments, the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place: And he acquainted the House, that the Committee had examined, and found that the Order of the House, relating to Notices to be given in Ireland, before any private Bill from thence be brought in, had been complied with; and that the Committee had dxaminedthe Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that Sir William Dudley, Dame Elizabeth Dudley, his Wife, Robert Jones, Esquire, and the Parties, who petitioned the House in relation to the said Bill, had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee: And he delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the Report was read; and the Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and another Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, at Eleven of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for railing Five hundred and Fifty thousand Pounds by Exchequer Bills, towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, and for the further Application of the Produce of the Sinking Fund.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for preventing Frauds in the making of Starch, and Hair Powder, and the clandestine Importation of foreign Starch, and Hair Powder.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estate of Sir James Lumley, Baronet, in Trustees, for railing Moneys, by Sale or Mortgage thereof, for the Payment of his Debts, was committed.

And the Report was read:

' And the Amendments, made-by the Committee to the said Bill, are as follows;

Press 18. L. 6, and 7. Leave out Use and Behoof of *c the said Sir James Lumley, his Heirs and Assigns, for " ever," and, instead thereof, insert " same Uses and " Estates, and under the same Limitations and Appointments, as the Premises, hereby enacted to be sold, or " mortgaged, were limited and settled by the last Will and " Testament of the said Sir Martin Lumley, deceased.'-L. 31, and 32. Leave out " Use of the said " Sir James Lumley, his Heirs and Assigns, for ever," and, instead thereof, insert " same Uses and Estates, and 1 " under the same Limitations and Appointments, as the " Premises. hereby enacted to be (old, or mortgaged,

" were limited and settled by the last Will and Tcltament of the said Sir Martin Lumley, deceased."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question 1'everally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

MartiSj28° die Aprilis;

Anno 3* Georgii IldI Regis, 1730.

Prayers.

/ORDERED, That the ingrossed Bill for the more Recorenof easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, be read SmallDebo, the Third time upon Thursday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Lwnlfy'i for veiling the Estate of Sir James Lumley, Baronet, in Trustees, for railing Moneys, by Sale or Mortgage thereof, for the Payment of his Debts, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Bramston do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments; to which Amendments this House doth desire their Lordships Concurrence.

A Petition of the Master, Wardens, and Assistants, of the Company of Bakers, of the City of London, and ot several other Bakers, reficling in the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Borough of Southwark, and Parts adjacent, in the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that in the Bill depending, for continuing an Act, for regulating the Price and Assize of Bread, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, there is a Clause, which tends, as they apprehend, to the Destruction of their Trade, and will be no Benefit to his Majesty's Subjects: And therefore praying, that they may be heard by their Counsel against the said Clause.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing an Act, for regulating the Price and Assize of Bread, and for the Relief of Bankrupts, whole Certificates were not allowed before the Expiration of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, \* An Act for the better preventing Frauds,

" committed by Bankrupts," and for allowing a further Time for Inrolment of Deeds, or Wills, made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers and Lessee$, is committed, be received; and that the Petitioners, if they think fit, be then heard by their Counsel, according to the Prayer of their Petition.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Ai<JhKiwjk the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess, tolerve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Aldborough, in the County of Suffolk, in the room oi William Wyndham, Esquire, deceased.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Montanit'i

20 for Join""t

Dudley's

forfeited

£itate.

Coal Trade.

Price and Assize of Bread, &cc-

Fees taken in Courts of Justice, and by Law Officers.

Preservation of Ganr. c.

Sopply Bill; Exchequer Bills, &c.

3 Geo. II. a8° — 290 561

for englarging the Power of Sir Charles Mcrdaunt. Baronet, to make a Jointure, was read the Third time. Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. William Bromley, junior, do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them* that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

An ingrafted Bill for Relief of Dame Elizabeth Dudley' and her Issue, relating to an Estate in the County of Wicklow, and Kingdom of Ireland, forfeited to the Crown, during the Life of Wm. , her great Uncle,

was read the Third time.

And the Amendments following were made by the House to the Bill; viz.

Press 8. L. 11. Leave out " said."

L. 12. After " Incumbrances" insert " herein " mentioned."

Resolved, That the Bill do pafsj and that the Title be, An Act for the Relief of Dame Elizabeth Dudley, relating to an Estate in the Kingdom of Ireland, forfeited to the Crown, during the Life of William Kennedy, her great Uncle.

Ordered, That the Lord Limerick do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for the better Regulation of the Coal Trade, was read the Third time.

An ingrafted Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for obliging all Persons, not being Lightermen, uling or employing Lighters, for carrying Coals, or other Goods, on the River Thames, to enter the same with the Company of Watermen and Lightermen, together with the Owners Names.

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled upt And the Clause, being read the Third time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Rider.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill;

Press 5. L. 11. After " BUim/gate" insert " or other " Place of Sale within the Bills of Mortality."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act for the better Regulation of the Coal Trade.

Ordered, That Sir William Strickland do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing an Act, for regulating the Price and Assize of Brevd, and for the Relief of Bankrupts, whose Certificates were not allowed before the Expiration of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better preventing " Frauds, committed by Bankrupts," and for allowing a further Time for Inrolment of Deeds, and Wills, made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchas'ers and Leflces, is committed, be received upon Morn-

ing next, at Eleven of the Clock.

Ordered, That such Lifts, Accounts, and Tables, of Fees, of the Officers, and Servants, belonging to the Judges of the several Courts in Westminster-hall, and the Circuits, the Aflbciates and Clerks of Assize, as have been laid before this House, pursuant to their Order, of the Twenty-third Day of March last, be printed; and that Mr. Speaker do appoint the printing thereof; and that no Person, but such as he shall appoint, do presume to print the fame.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Preservation of the Game, is committed, be received upon Friday Morning next.

the Order being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for railing Five hundred and Fifty thousand Pounds by Exchequer Bills, towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, and for

Vol. 21.

the further Application of the Produce of the Sinking Fund

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause of Appropriation.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee; that they have Power to receive a Clause, to enable his Majesty to dispose of so much of the Sum of Fifty-seven thousand Pounds, giveh for Hair-pay. for the Year 1729, as shall be more than fuffleient to pay the Half-pay Officers, unto such Officers, as shall have been maimed in the Service, or by long Services may be proper Objects of his Majesty's Compassion, or to the Widows and Children of such Officers.

Ordered, That the Account of what Afrears of Land Taxes wefe Handing out at Christmas 1729, with the Names of the respective Receivers, in whose Hands the said Arrears remained, and what Proceedings have been had, to compel the Payment thereof, be relerred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, for Relief of the Receiver-general of the Land Tax for the County of Salop, in relation to a Sum of Money, overpaid by him on account of the Land Tax for the Year 1721.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, for the more easy replacing small Dividends of the reduced Capital Stock of th Sea Company, and for the more ealy laying out Dividends of such capital Stock in Trust.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the lloufe will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders erf the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing so much of the Act, of the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of the late Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for granting to her Majesty a " furt herSubfidy on Wines and Merchandizes imported," as prohibits the Importation of Rice directly from the British Plantations in America to any Port in Europe, Southward of Cape Finisterre.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs, or some of them, do attend the said Committee of the whole House upon Friday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for amending the Laws, relating to the Settlement of the Poor.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Mornings Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 29° Aprilis;

Anno 3° Georgii II'1' Regis, 1730. PraVers.

THE House being informed, that the Porter to the Right honourable the Lord Chancellor attended at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their 0.rder, a List, or Account, of Fees and Allowances, taken by, and made to, the Porter to the Right honourable the Lord Chancellor. And then he withdrew.

7 C And

Carrying ttice from Carolina.

Poor Law*.

Feet taken in Courts of Justice, and

by Law Officert.

DodweUS

Effete.

Supply Bill; Duties on Salt, Scc.

Earl of Raneltgh't t Estate.

Supply Bill; Exchequer Bills, &c.

29* A p

A\ 1730.

And the Title of the said Lift, or Account, was read.

Ordered, That the said Lift, or Account, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Lift is bound up with the other Papers of this Section.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees, to make Leases of the Estate of Sir William Dodivell, Knight, deceased, during the Infancy of Mary Dodwell., his only Child, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Geers, Mr.

Bacon, Mr. Alderman Child, Lord Colerain, Mr. Treby, Mr. Campbell, Sir Robert Austen, Mr. Herbert, Sir Thomas Clark, Mr. Fane, Mr. Walter, Mr. , Mr. Knight, Mr. Jennings, Colonel Negus, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Lewen, Sir John Hind Cotton, Mr. Plummer, Lord Lord

Chetwynd, Mr. Clayton, Sir Wm. , Mr. S/oper, Sir Charles Turner, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Mr.

Shultleworth, Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr. Sir

Nicholas Williams, Mr. Allington, Mr. Bramston, Mr. Nezvland, Mr. Master, Mr. Lyster, Sir Richard Lane, Mr. Baron Birch, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Foley, Captain Fertion, Mr. Oglethorpe, Mr. Metcalfe, Sir Tho. Aston, Mr. Conduit, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Mr. Bond, Mr. Noel, Governor Boone, Mr. Potenger, Major Duckett, Sir Tho. Read, Mr.

Jeivkes, Mr. Burton-, and all the Members, that lerve for the Counties of Gloucester, Middlesex, and Bucks: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for taking off certain Duties on Salt, and for making good any Deficiencies in the Funds, that may happen thereby, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill \ viz.

Press 8. L. 2. After " or" insert " Rock Salt, taken " out of the Pits, or Salt."

Press 9. L. 15. After " Grain" insert "exported."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for taking off certain Duties on Salt, and for making good any Deficiencies in the Funds, that may happen thereby} and for charging the reduced Annuity, payable to the East India Company, on the Aggregate Fund; and for Relief of Matthew Lyon, Executor of Matthew Page, deceased, in respect of the Duty for Salt, loft by the Overflowing of the River Mercy in the Year 1724.

Ordered, That the Lord Malpas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estate of Richard, late Earl of Ranelagh, in the Counties of Middlesex and Berks, in Trustees, to be sold, for the Uses therein mentioned.

And the said Amendments were once read, and are as follows; viz.

Prels 1. L. 2. After " Ranelagh" insert " in the Kingdom of Ireland."

In the Title of the Bill, Line the 2d, after " "

insert " in the Kingdom of Ireland, lying."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Geers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments, made by their Lordships.

Sir Charles Turner (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the 8,11 for railing Five hundred and Filly thousand Pounds by Exchequer Bills, towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, and for the further Application of the Pro-32

duce of the Sinking Fund, was committed, the Amendments, the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table} where the said Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with some Amendments to one of them, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Shepheard (according to Order) reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Tenth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for repairing the Roads leading from Stump Cross, in the " Pari Hi of Chest erf or d,in the County of Essex, to Newmarket Heath, and the Town of Cambridge, in the County of Cambridge," and alft> an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of his said late Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for repairing Part of the Road from London " to Cambridge, beginning at the End of the Parish of " Foulmire in the said County, next to Barley, in the " County of Hertford, and ending at the Pavement in " Trumpington Street, in the Town of Cambridge' was committed; and to whom the Petition of Henry Yotmgt Clerk, and also the Petition of Thomas Bacon, Esquire, on behalf of himself, and Catherine Chester, Widow, were referred } that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had considered the said Petitions; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's'fable.

Then the Counsel, upon the Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other the Inhabitants, of the Town of Royston, in Hertfordshire and Cambridgeshire, against one of the Clauses, added by the Committee to the said Bill, and also the Counsel for that Part of the Bill, petitioned against, were called in.

And the Report, and the said Petition, were read.

And the Counsel on both Sides were heard; and several Witnesses were examined: And the Counsel went through their Evidence: And the Counsel for the Petitioners was heard, by way of Reply.

And then the Counsel withdrew.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far astoClause A, being read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with some Amendments to one of them, agreed unto by the House.

Then a Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Friday Morning next;

It passed in the Negative.

The Clauses added by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as to Clause F, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

And then a Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Friday Morning next;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

-p I, rv (Mr. Shultleworth,

Tellers for the 1 eas,> u

| 66

Tellers for the Noes,

So it passed in the Negative.

The said Clause F, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, with an Amendment, agreed unto by the House.

The other Clauses, added by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the

Question

Cambridge, &c. Roadt

Disputes touching Orders in Chancery.

Skerries

light-houft.

Jjifpute* touching Orders in Chaocety.

Fraids irt making Starch, Sec.

Recovery of Small Debts*

Price and Assize of Bread, 6cc.

Committee at Privileges.

Enquiry into the irate of Gaols.

3 Geo. II. 29" Aprilis. — 1° Mali. 5^3

Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for impowering the Trustees to set up Turnpikes at or near lltlldersham, or at any other Place on or near the River, between Hildersham and Shelford, or at or near Wit liei-

ford Bridge.

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up: And the Clause was amended, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney-general have Leave to make a Motion, it being part Six of the Clock.

And be moved the House, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to settle Disputes, which have arisen, touching Orders and Decrees, made in the Court of Chancery.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to settle Disputes, which have arisen, touching Orders and Decrees, made in the Court of Chancery; and that Mr. Attorney-general, Mr. Solicitor-general, and Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will,'upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for confirming a Patent, granted by her late Majesty Queen Anne to William Trench, Esquire, deceased, for erecting a Light-house on the Skerries, and for the better Maintenance of the said Light-house.

Mr. Attorney-general presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to settle Disputes, which have arisen, touching Orders and Decrees, made in the Court of Chancery j and the same was received.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney-general have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House, that the said Bill might be now read the First time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read the First time.

The Bill was accordingly read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

ReJ'olved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for preventing Frauds in the making of Starch, and Hair Powder, and the clandestine Importation of foreign Starch* and Hair Powder.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, which was appointed to be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning, be read the Third time upon Saturday'next, at Twelve of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing an Act, for regulating the Price and Assize of Bread, and for the Relief of Bankrupts, whole Certificates were not allowed before the Expiration of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the " better preventing Frauds, committed by Bankrupts;" and for allowing a further T^me for Inrolment of Deeds, or Wills, made by Papists, and for the Relief of Protestant Purchasers and Lessees,... which was appointed to be received Tomorrow Morning, at Eleven of the Clock, be received upon Friday Morning next, at Eleven of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be adjourned.

Ordered, That the Committee, appointed to enquire Vol. 21.

into the State of the Gaols of this Kingdom, have Leave to lit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Friday Morning, next, Nine of the Clock.

V1eneriS) i° Maii;

Anno 3s Georgii IIdi Regis, 1730.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill to explain amend, and render more Cambridge;

effectual, an Act, made in the Tenth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for repairing the Roads leading from Stump Cross, in the Parish of " Chesterford, in the County of Essex, to Newmarket " Heath, and the Town of Cambridge, in the County of " Cambridge," and also an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of his said late Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act " for repairing Part of the Road from London to Cambridge, beginning at the End of the Parish of Foulmire,

" in the said County, next to Barley, in the County of " Hertford, and ending at the Pavement in " Street, in the Town of Cambridgewas read the Third time.

And the Amendments following were made by the House to the Bill; viz.

Press 2. L. 32. Leave out u Hack," and insert " Flack."

Press 4. L. 27. Leave out " Ckrist-churck," and insert

" Christ."

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be; An Act to explain and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Tenth Year of his late Majesty s Reign, intiruled, " An Act for repairing the Roads leading from " Slump Cross, in the Parish of Chesterford, in the County "of Essex, to Nezvmarket Heath, and the Town of " Cambridge, in the County of Cambridge," and also an

Ad, made in the Eleventh Year of his laid late Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for repairing Part of the Road " from London to Cambridge, beginning at the End of " the Parish of Foulmire, in the said County, next to " Barley, in the County of Hertford, and ending at the " Pavement in Trumpington Street, in the Town of Cambridge."

Ordered, That Mr. Shepheard do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Duchessof for Sale of the Manor of Hickling, and other Lands and Newcastle'i Hereditaments, in the County of Nottingham, late the ate' Estate of Margaret, Duchess Dowager of Newcastle, and intailed by her Will, and for laying out the Money, , arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of another Estate to be settled to the same Uses, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Rufhout, Sir John Cope, Lord Morpeth, Mr.

Mr. Pulteney, Lord Gage, Mr. Mr, Alderman

Perry, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Whitworth, ^Mr. Plumer, Mr.

Earle, Sir Richard Lane, Mr. Towns Mr. Metcalfe,

Mr. Baron Birch, Mr. Hales, Mr. Ward, Mr. Campbell,

Mr. Bacon, Mr. Towers, Mr. Hedworth, Mr. Hucks, Mr.

Bromley, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Jacomb, Mr. Bcvan,

Mr. Alderman Barnard, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Yorke, Mr.

Chauncy, Mr. Bramston, Mr. Sambrooke, Sir Wilfrid Lawson, Mr. Compton, Mr. Leveson Gower, Mr. Crojfe,

Mr. Waller, Colonel Read, Sir John Barrington, Lord Vane, Sir Tho. Sanderson-, and all the Members, that serve for the Counties of Cambridge, Huntingdon,;

and Bucks: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committees.

A Bill to settle Disputes, which have arisen, touching Disputes Orders and Decrees, made in the Court of Chancery, was touching read a Second time. 8££

5*4

Mail

A.

1730.

And there being no Blank in the Bill, And no Amendment being proposed to be made to icj Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Price and Atiize of Bread, & c.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, Conte of them were disagreed with, and the rest, with an Amendment to one of 1them, were, upon the Question severally Mr. Bramston (according to Order) repotted from the pUt thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing an Act for A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for regulating the Price and.Assize of Bread, and for the inrolling Proceedings upon Commissions of Bankrupts in llelief of Bankrupts, whose Certificates were n >t allowed the Inrolment Office in

before the Expiration of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year And the same was twice read, with Blanks; which of the Reigtl of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for Were filled up.

" the better preventing Frauds, committed by Bank- And then the Clause was, upon the Question put " rupts," and for allowing further Time for Inrolment thereupon, agfeed unto by the House, to be made Part of Deeds, or Wills, made by Papists, and for Relief of of the Bill.

Stroudwater

Navigation.

Wisbech,

Roads.

Larnley1!

Estate.

Wood (lock. Ac. Roads.

Protestant Purchasers and Lessees, was committed; that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table.

A Mefface from the Lords, by Mr. Majhdm and Mr. 'Tothill:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making navigable the River in the County of Gloucester) from the River Severn) at or near Framiload) to Wall bridge, near the Town of Stroud.) in the same County, without any Amendment:

And also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making a new Road, and for repairing and amending the ancient Road, between the Towns of Wisbech and March, in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, without any Amendment:

And also, the Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this-House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting die Estate of Sir James , Baronet, in Trustees, for raising Moneys, by Sale or Mortgage thereof, for the Payment of his Debts:

Ordered, That ingrossed.

the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Mr. tVinnington (according to Order) reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Preservation of the Game, was committed; that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Report be now read;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas,

Preservitiot of Gant,

Tellers for the Noes,

So it passed in the Negative. Ordered, That the said Report sideration To-Morrow Morning.

(Captain V (Mr. Herbert: }»

( Mr. Burre/l, (Mr. Drummond: j38.

be taken into Con*

The Order being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for And also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, repealing so much of the Act, of the Third and Fourth An Act for repairing and amending the several Roads Years of the Reign of the late Queen Anne, intituled, leading from Woodstock, through Kidding ton and Enston, " An Act for granting to her Majesty a further Subsidy to Rollright Lane, and from E.nflow Bridge to Kiddington " on Wines and Merchandizes imported," as prohibits aforesaid, in the County of Oxon, without any Amend- the Importation of Rice directly from the Plants* ment: tions in America to any Port in Europe, Southward of

And also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, Cape

An Act for providing a Maintenance for the Minister of Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said

li5i

iuJ

li»

ifa

Carrying Rice trui Carolina.

Bloom fb«ry Minister, and

new Church. the new Church near Bloomsbury Market, in the County Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, of Middlesex, and for making more effectual

more ettedtual an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, for impowering the Commissioners, for building the Fifty new Churches, to direct the Parish Church of St. Giles in the Fields, in the said County, co be rt-

to prevent Frauds in transferring registered Ships to Foreigners.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That. it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, that all Corn, or Flour, pro-

built, instead of one of the said Fifty new Churches, duced in any of the British Colonies in America, be made

Price and AtTize of Bread, &c.

without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Then the Counsel, upon the Petition of the Master, Wardens, and Assistants, of the Company of Bakers, of the City of London, and of several other Bakers, residing in the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Borough of Southwark, and Parts adjacent, in the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, against one of the Clauses, added by the said Committee to the Bill for continuing an Act for regulating the Price and Assize of Bread, and for the Relief of Bankrupts, whose Certificates were not allowed before the Expiration of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better preventing Frauds committed by Bankrupts," and for allowing further Time for Inrolment of Deeds, or Wills, made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasfers and Lessees, was called in.

And the Report, and the said Petition, were read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners was heard, and some Witnessss were examined on the Petitioners Part: And the Counsel summed up their Evidence.

And then the Counsel withdrew.

subject to the like Securities, and Penalties, for importing the same into this Kingdom, as are provided for Sugar, and other Goods, enumerated in the Acts of Navigation and Trade, passed in the lath and 25th Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of Rice, imported into the Port of London, and exported from thence, from Christmas One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-one, to Christmas Or.e thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-eight, distinguishing the Countries, from whence imported, and to which exported, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of Rice, imported into the Port of London, and exported from thence, from Christmas 1699, to Christmas 1705, dit-tinguishing the Countries, from whence imported, and to which exported, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of a Report, made by the Comini dinners of the Customs to the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of the Exchequer, dated Twelfth November One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-four, upon the Petition of several Merchants, concerning the Importation of Rice from Carolina, be referred to the said Committee.

Then

i0' 3 Geo. II. i0 — 2 565

I;';-

:?r

Then the House rcfoived itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker less the Chair.

Mr. Bur re/l took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Burrell reported from the Committee, that they had heard the Commissioners of the Customs, and had made some Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, l'o-morrow Morning, refol ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Prjodc in ' Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning Stoch*n&c next* re^vc it self into a Committee of the whole House,

c‘ upon the Bill for preventing Frauds in the malting of Starch, and Hair-Powder, and the clandestine Importation of foreign Starch, and Hair Powder.

Committteof Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Privileges. Elections be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 2° Maii;

Corporation for that Purpose, upon the Terms therein mentioned, without any Amendment: And alto.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bridgewater for repairing several Roads leading into the Town of Roads.

Bridgewater, in the County of without any

Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Scotch Court for enabling the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland of Session. to make an Adjournment of the said Court; and for limiting the Time for the Execution of Sentences, importing corporal Punishments, in that Part of the Kingdom; with One Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Orders of the Day being read;

An ingrossed Bill for the more ealy and speedy Re- Recovery of covery of small Debts, was read the Third time. Sinall ^ebt,#

And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill; viz.

Press 6. L. 5. After " being" insert " or their sufficient Deputies."

Resolved, That the Bill do pals; and that the Title be,

An Act for the more ealy and speedy Recovery of small Debts.

Ordered That Mr. Glanville do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

I Anno 3* Georgii IP* Regis, 1730.

iJ Prayers.

Fees taken in HP HE House being informed, that Mr. Webby late Courts of X Marshal and Clerk to the late Lord Chief Baron b^Law*0*1 Pengelly, deceased, attended at the Door, he was called

b officers. in> and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of Fees, taken by the Marshal of the Lord Chief Baron, \n London and Middlesex -, and also. An Account of Fees, taken at the Lord Chief Baron's Chambers; and also,

An Account of Fees, peculiar to the Lord Chief Baron, and his Clerk.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Accounts, and also the Lift, or Account, of Fees and Allowances, taken by, and made to, the Porter to the Right honourable the Lord Chancellor, presented to this House on Wednesday last, be t printed with the other Lifts, Accounts, and Tables, of

Fees, which, on Tuesday last, were ordered to be printed.

Supply Bill; An ingrossed Bill for railing Five hundred and Fifty ®jj£*uer thousand Pounds by Exchequer Bills, towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, and for the further Application of the Produce of the Sinking Fund, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act for raising Five hundred and Fifty thousand «. Pounds by Exchequer Bills, towards the Supply granted

to his Majesty; and for the further Application of the Produce of the Sinking Fund; for applying the Arrears of former Land Taxes; for appropriating the Supplies, granted in this Session of Parliament; and for giving Relief with respect to an Over-payment to the Land Tax, for the Year 17 21, by the Receiver-general for the County ,t of Salop.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Turner do carry the Bill to - the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

A Message from the Lords by Mr. Hof ord and Mr. Thurjion:

Mr. Speaker,

Bill India The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Company. for reducing the Annuity, or Fund, of the united East India Company, and for ascertaining their Right of Trade to the East Indies, and the Continuance of their Yot. 21.

The House relblved itself into a Committee of the Skerries whole House, upon the Bill for confirming a Patent, Light-house, granted by her late Majesty Queen Anne to William Trench, Esquire, deceased, for erecting a Light-House on the Skerries, and for the better Maintenance of the said Light-house.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Yonge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Wm. Tonge reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

The House proceeded to take into Confederation the Preferation Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the of Game, better Preservation of the Game, was committed.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, were once read throughout; and the First Amendment, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Second Amendment, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, with an Amendment, agreed unto by the House.

The Third Amendment, relating to the Season for killing black Game, being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereof.

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, re-relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for repealing lb much of the Act of the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of the late Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for granting to " her Majesty a further Subsidy on Wines and Merchandizes imported," as prohibits the Importation of Rice directly from the British Plantations in America to any Port in Europe, Southward of Cap The House divided:

The* Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tdtofo^Noe*{

?D

21.

So

Carrying Rice from Carolina.

Scotch Court of SeiHon.

Price and Assize of Bread, &c.

Peculating Brokers in Bristol

Kennett

Navigation,

Regulating Brokers in BriftoJ.

2*- — 40 Mali. J. 1750.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Luna:, 4.0 d Mail;

Prefs4. L. 36. After produce" insert " if required." The said Amendment, being read a Second time.wa?, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment, made by their Lordships.

Anno 30 Georgii IP1 Regis, 1730.

Pr AYERS.

THE House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendment, made by the Lords to the ingrossed Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland to make an Adjournment of the said Court; and for limiting the Time for the Execution of Sentences, importing corporal Punishments, in that Part of the Kingdom.

And the said Amendment was read, and is as follows; viz.

Press 2. L. 23. After Ct any" insert " Court of Regality,

" dr other."

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Forbes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment, made by their Lordships.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing an Act for regulating the Price and Assize of Bread, and for the Relief of Bankrupts, whose Certificates were not allowed before the Expiration of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, <s An Act for the " better preventing Frauds, committed by Bankrupts," and for allowing a further Time for Inrolment of Deeds, or Wills, made by Papitls, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers and Lessees, was read the Third Time.

An Amendment was made by the House to the Bill; Press 2. L. 36. Leave out " by," and insert " before."

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act for continuing, and amending, an Act for regulating the Price and Assize of Bread; for Relief of Bankrupts, whose Certificates were not allowed before the Expiration ofa late Act, for the better preventing Frauds, committed by Bankrupts; for inrolling Proceedings on Commissions of Bankrupts; for allowing further Time for Inrolment of Deeds, or Wills, made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers and Lessees; and for making further Provision concerning Certificates, relating to the Settlements of poor Persons, and the Charges of maintaining, and removing, certificated Persons.

Ordered, That Mr. Lyfler do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and

Mr. Allen:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Admission and Regulation, of Brokers, within the City of Bristol, with One Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making the Acts, of the First and Seventh Years of his late Majesty's Reign, for making the River Kennett navigable from Reading to , in the County of Berks, more effectual, without any Amendment.

And then the Mcflfengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendment, made by the Lords to the ingrossed Bill, intituled, An Act for the Admission, and Regulation, of Brokers within the City of B

And the said Amendment was read, and is as follows; viz.

An ingrossed Bill to settle Disputes, which have arisen Disputet touching Orders and Decrees, made in the Court of Chancery, was read the Third time. Chwcey,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be,

An Act to put an End to certain Disputes touching Orders and Decrees, made in the Court of Chancery.

Ordered, That Mr. Ftrney do cafry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Cardigan Privileges and Elections, touching the double Return, Efcton. and Election, for the Town of Cardigan, in the County of Cardigan, be received upon Thursday Morning ne*t.

The Orders of the Day being read;

The House resumed the adjourned Debate, of Saturday lift, upon the Amendment, which was proposed to be made of the Third Amendment, made by the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Preservation of the Game, was committed.

And the said Third Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The other Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with an Amendment to one of them, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for giving Liberty to the Justices of the Peace to commit to the House of Correction, as well as to the common Gaol.

And the said Clause was twice read, with a Blank; which was filled up.

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for increasing the Penalties for killing Game on a Sunday, or in the Night-time.

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up: And the Clause was amended; and was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That Security to prosecute shall be given, upon bringing a Certiorari, to remove any Convict'ioh for unlawful

killing of Game.

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; Which were filled up.

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made part of the Bill.

Another Clause w'as offered, to be added to the Bill, against setting Vermin Traps, and laying poisoned Baits, in the Day-time.

And the Clause was brought up, and read once.

And the Question being put. That the Clause be read a Second time j

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for allowing Persons, unqualified to kill Game, to keep Guns, for Defence of their Houses.

And the Question being put. That the Clause be* brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, concerning the burning of Heath, and Furze.

And the Question being put, That the Clause be brought up;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Prtferratioa of Game.

1

fcn a si;

L'3B

*5tf

id,

Tellers

JO.

H:

li;-

ju,

at! i-:

'pi

p:.

j Geo. II.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes, j JJj;:

4° — 50 Maii.

367

41.

6o.

So it passed in the Negative.

Then an Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, in Fol.*L* to leave out these Words, " for the full " Value," and to insert, instead thereof, these Words, " in such Proportion, as other Lands and Tenements, of " One hundred Pounds per within the same " Parish or Parishes, Town or Towns, where the same " respectively shall lie, or be, are usually charged."

And the Question being put, that those Words, "for " the full Value," (land Part of the Bill;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Tellers for the YeaJSj

l Mr. Towers:

Breton's

Estate.

Fraud* in making Jtarch, tec.

Carrying Rice from Carolina.

it

3*5?

49-

Tellers for heNo «

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the said Amendment, as proposed, was made by the House to the Bill.

And other Amendments were also made by the House to the Bill.

And a Motion being made, and the Question put. That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth

Tellers for the Yeas i Mr' letters for the *eas,|Mr

t Mr. Scawen, Major Duckett

Mr. Vincent:

r \f.

Tellers for the Noes,

So it was relblved in the Affirmative.

37-

inquiry into the State of Gaoli.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for preventing Frauds in the making of Starch, and Hair Powder, and the clandestine Importation of foreign Starch, and Hair Powder.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, tocon-fider further of the Bill for repealing so much of the Act, of the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of the late Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for granting to her Majesty a further Subsidy on Wines and Merchandizes " imported," as prohibits the Importation of Rice di-redtly from the British Plantations in America to any Port in Europe, Southward of Cape Finisterre.

Mr. Hughes from the Committee, appointed to enquire into the State of the Gaols of this Kingdom, acquainted the House, that the Committee had directed him to make a Report, relating to a Matter, which had been under their Examination, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

kerriet

Light-house.

j,

; u-'

Mart is, 50 die Maii;

Anno 3° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1730. Prayers.

SIR William Yonge (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for confirming a Patent, granted by her late Majesty Queen Anne to Wm. Trench, Esquire, deceased, for erecting a Light-house on the , and for the better

Maintenance of the said Light-house, was committed, the Amendments, the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House: V01.. 21.

And he read the same in his Place: And he acquainted the House, that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true: And he delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the said Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Bramston reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for repealing, and explaining, Part of an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George tneFirft, intituled, "An Act for vesting Part of " the Estate of Moyle Breton, Esquire, in Trustees, to " be fold, for the railing Three thousand Pounds, charged " on other Part of the same Estate, and for other Purposes therein mentioned," by appointing other Lands to be sold, than by the said Act are directed, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and-that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made, some Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and that the Parties concerned had given their Contents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee: And he rdad the Report io his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the said Amendments were read, and are as follows;

In the Title of the Bid after the Word " repealing" leave out the Words " and explaining;" and after the Word " mentioned," leave out the Word " by," and insert the Words " and for."

The laid Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk, in the room of Horatio Walpole, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Cofferer of his Majesty's Houshold.

Mr. Hughes (according to Order) made a Report from Enquiry into the Committee, appointed to enquire into the State of the Sure of the Gaols of this Kingdom, relating to a Matter, which Gaols‘ had been under their Examination, with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon: And he read the Report, in his Place, and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table; where the said Report and Resolutions were read, and are as follows; viz

That the Committee, in the Course of their Enquiry,' received several Informations, tending to charge the Right honourable Sir Robert Eyre, Knight, Lord Chief Justice of his Majesty's Court of Common Pleas, and one of his Majesty's moll honourable Privy Council, with having personally visited Thomas B late Warden of the Prison of the Fleet, during the lall Sc (lion of Parliament, whilst he, the said Thomas Bambridge, was a Prisoner in Newgate, under a Commitment of the House of Commons, lor divers Crimes and Misdemeanors, committed in his Office of Warden of the , and charged with being guilty of the Murder of Mr. Robert

Cal ell,a Prisoner in his Custody, the said Sir Robert

Eyre being at that time in the Commission of Gaol Delivery for the Gaol of Newgate.

The Committee thought it their Duty to examine strictly into an Affair of so extraordinary a Nature; in consequence whereof, the following Persons appeared be; fore them, and endeavoured to make good the said Informations; viz. John Campbell, Anne Jones, James Brown,

Roger Johnson, Anne Johnson, (Wife of the said Roger Johnson) and Bel Anna Alinda Birnie; which Persons,

having

Great Yarmouth Writ,

r

508 5° Mail 1730.

Enquiry into having been examined before the Cottirtvttcein the most the flat* foletttn Manner, grossly prevaricated in their Examina-of Gaols, tions, contradicted oneanother in several material Circum-ftaitces, and, as toother Fads, werefalfified by Persons, to whom they referred for the Truth of what they declared.

It Iikewile appeared to the Committee, that divers of the said Persons were Prisoners in Newgate, or the some of them of vile and infamous Characters, others actuated by a Spirit of Referttment, on account of Causes, determined against them before the said Lord Chief Justice, and all of them tampered with, and influenced, by the said John Campbell.

It further appeared to the Committee, that several of the said Persons had Meetings and Confutations amongst themselves, and had been guilty of divers evil Practices, in order to set on foot, and support, a Charge against the said Lord Chief Justice , relating to the Matters, contained in the said Informations.

That, after your Committee had spent several Days upon the said Enquiry, and had examined all the Witnesses above-named, the said John Campbell, having Reason to apprehend, that the Evidence given by them, could not be I'ufficient to impose upon the Committee, and to obtain Credit to the said Informations, didconfult With the said Mrs Birnieto fixa new Charge upon the said Lord Chief Justice Eyrenot mentioned before in any of

their Examinations, by giving Evidence of certain Circumstances, to create a Belief, that, about Three Days before the Time appointed for the Trial of the said Thomas Bam bridge for Felony, in the last long Vacation, the said 'Thomas Bambridge did fend a Letter to the said Lord Chiet Justice for Money, and that, in consequence ' thereof, he received One hundred Guineas.

Whereupon the Committee thought fit to re-examine both the said Campbell and Birnie who were not able to give the lead Co.our of Evdence, to support the said new Charge, and were flatly cuntr.ididled by the Evidence, to whom they referred; and, on their Examinations, the Committee, being convinced, that the said new Charge was only a Continuation of the former Conspiracr, and on considering the whole Matter, came to the following Resolutions; viz.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That there hath been a wicked Conspiracy carried on by certain infamous and profligate Persons, to vilify and asperse the Character of the Right honourable Sir Robert Knight, Lord Chief Justice of his Majesty's Court of Common Pleas.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Informations, given to this Committee against the said Lord Chief Justice Eyre, are false, malicious, scandalous, and utterly groundless.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That John Campbell, Anne Jones, James Brown, Roger Jon, Anne johnjon(Wile of the said Roger Johnson) and Bel Anna AlindaBirnie, were the Persons concerned in the said Conspiracy.

Resolved, nemine contradiThat the House doth

agree with the Committee, That there hath been a wicked Conspiracy carried on by certain infamous and profligate Persons, to vilify and asperse the Character of the Right honourable Sir Robert Eyre, Knight, Lord Chief Justice of his Majesty's Court of Common Pleas.

Resolved, nemine contradiccThat the House doth agree with the Committee, That the Informations, given to the said Committee against the said Lord Chief Justice Eyre, are false, malicious, scandalous, and utterly ground-ids.

Resolved, remine contradicente, That the House doth

agree with the Committee, That John Campbell, Anne Jones, James Brown, Roger Johnson, Anne John fan (Wife of the said Roger Johnson) and Bel Anna Alinda Birnie, were the Persons concerned in the said Conlniracy.

Ordered, nemine contradicente. That the said Campbell hi, for his said Offence, committed clop; Prisoner to his Majesty's Gaol of Newgate-, and that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants accordingly.

Ordered, nemine contradicente, That the said Anne Jones be, for her said Offence, committed close Prisoner to his Majesty's Gaol of Newgate; and that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants accordingly.

Ordered, nemine contradicente. That the said James Brown be, for his laid Offence, committed close Prisoner to his Majesty's Gaol of Newgate;and that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants accordingly.

The House being informed, that the said Roger johnjon is now a Prisoner in his Majesty's Goal of;

Ordered, nemine contradicente. That the said Roger johnjon, for his said Offence, do (land committed close Pri lon.r to the said Gaol of Nezvgate, during the Pleasure of this House; and that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants accordingly.

Ordered, nemine contradicente. That the said Anne John-fen (Wife of the said Roger johnjon) be, for her said Offence, committed dole Prisoner to his Majesty's Gaol of Newgate; and that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants accordingly.

Ordered, nemine contradicente. That the said Bel Anna Alinda Birnie be, for her said Offence, committed close Prisoner to his Majesty's Gaol of Newgate-, and that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants accordingly.

The Order being read, for the House to resolve itself Fraud* ! into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for preventing Frauds in the making of Starch, and Hair Surth' 01 Powder, and the clandestine Importation of foreign Starch, and Hair Powder;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, for preventing the counterfeiting, and adulterating, of Coffee,

Tea, and Chocolate.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, for indemnifying such Mailers of Ships, as have carried any Seamen or Mariners to Sea. without first entering into an Agreement with them for their Wages, pursuant to an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for the better Regulation and Government of Seamen in the Merchants Service.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, for the more eal'y carrying on Prosecutions for Frauds in his Majesty's Revenue in Ireland.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, that Defendants in any Actions, or Informations, which shall be brought in Ireland against any Persons, for what shall be done in pursuance of any Act of Parliament, passed in England, or Ireland, relating to his Majesty's Customs, or any other Revenues, may file a common Bail, or enter a common Appearance, and plead the general Issue.

The House being moved, that the Seventh Sedtion of the Act, made in the Twelfth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by laying a Duty upon all Victuallers, and Retailers of Beer and Ale, within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the weekly Bills of Mortality, and for prohibiting their fending Beer or Ale, out of their Houses, to distant Places, in any Pots or Vessels, less than a Gallon, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, might be read;

The said Clause was read.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, for taking off the Penalty' on Inn-keepers, Victuallers, and Retailers of Beer and Ale, within the Cities of London and Westminster, and we;k!y Bills of Mortality, who shall fell any Beer or Ale, to be sent, and consumed, out of their own Houses, in any Quantity less than a Gallon.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Vincent took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Vincent reported from the Committee, that they

had

3 Geo. II. 5 — 6

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will plcale to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Recovery of Ordered, That Mr. Earle do carry the ingrossed Bill, Small Debts, intituled, An Act for the more ealy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts, to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Carrying The Order being read, for the House to relblve jtself Rice from jjto a Committee of the whole House, to consider further 0 ,na" of the Bill for repealing so much of the Act, of the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of the late Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for granting to her Majesty " a further Subsidy on Wines and Merchandizes im* " ported," as prohibits the Importation of Rice directly from the British Plantations in America to any Port in Europe, Southward of Cape Finisterre

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, to oblige all Ships or Vessels, taking on board Fish, Corn, Flour, or Lumber, or any other Commodities, to be exported from any of His Majesty s Colonies or Plantations in America to any of the Ports or Places in Europe, to come and clear at some Port of Great Britain, before l'uch Ships or Vessels be permitted to return back to tlxc laid Colonies or Plantations respectively;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, fy^,gi0,: }

Tellers for the Noes, {]£

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Burrell took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Burrell reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Lynn Regb Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Writ. the Clerk of tl»e Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Lynn Regis, in the County of Norfolk, in the room of Sir Charles Turner, Knight and Baronet, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of one of the Tellers of the Receipt of his Majesty s Exchequer.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 6° die Maii;

Anno 3° Georgii 2il Regis, 1730. Prayers.

Jewoife'* Ti/T R- burton reported from the Committee, to wjiom

tftae. J-VA the iogrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for restraining Thomas Jervoift, junior, Esquire, aLu-natick, from marrying, or aliening, disposing, or incumbering, his Estate, during his Lunacy, and for raisiqg Portions for his Sifters, was committee!; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed Vol* 21.

Maii. 1569

him to report the Bill to £he House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Tabled The said Bill was read the Third time.:

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Burton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

The House being informed, that Mr. John Land, Cryer Fees taken in to the Lord Chief Baron Reynolds, attended at the Door; 9°".^ he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, Law3" pursuant to their Order, a List of Fees, taken by the Officers. Lord Chief Baron's Cryer at the Sittings in London ‘and Middlefe.v.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Lift was read-The said Lift is bound up with the other Papers of tills Session.

Ordered, That the said Lift be printed with the other Lifts, Accounts, and Tables, of Fees, which are ordered by this House to be printed.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Fri- wrath

vHeges and Electaous, touching the Election for the Bo- '

rough of Weymouth and Melcomb Regis, in the County of DorJ'et, be received To*morrow Morning.

Mr. Geers reported from the Committee, to rtfioin DodwelP* the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Efla,e* enable Trustees to make Ijflalcs of tfip Estate, late of Sir William Dodu ell, Knight, deceased, during the Infancy of Mary Dodwell, his only Child, and for other Purposes

therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, end found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment:

And be delivered the BiH in at the Clerk's Table.

The said Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Geers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

The House proceeded to take into Confederation the vt'elsbourae Amendment, made by the Lords to the ingrossed Bill, Moomfori . intituled, An Act for inclosing several common Fields, common M&dow*> other commonable Lands, in the

Hapalet of Welshourne Mountforti in the Parish of

Weyhoitme Jiqftings, in the County of Warwick.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as fellows; viz.

Press 11. L. 42. Before " Provided " add Clause A:

Which Clause is as follows; viz.

A. " provided always, and be it further enacted, that " nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed " to extend, to enable the Proprietors, Owners, or Occupiers, of the said Fields, Meadows, and other " commonable Lands, by any Agreement or Agreemeats between themselves, to lay down with Grass " Seeds, or convert to Pasture, more than Two-third " Parts of the feme in any one Year, without the Consent of the Impropriator or Impropriators of Welshourne " Mountfort, for the Time being; but not to prevent or " hinder any particular Proprietor, Owner, or Occupier,

" of any Part of the said intended Inclosures, provided " he or she is not the Proprietor, Owner, or Occupier,

of Two-thirds of all the common Fields, common " Meadows, and other commonable Lands, intended to " be inqlofed as aforesaid, from continuing his or her " respective Share or Shares, Allotment or Allotments,

" in Tillage, or Grazing, in such Proportion, and in " such Manner, as he or she shall think most convenient " and proper." v

The said Amendment, being thrice read, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

7 E Ordered,

PreservttJoa of Game.

Frauds in aiaking Starch, See.

Carrying Rice from Carolina.

57°

Ordered, That Mr. Knight do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

An ingrossed Bill for the better Preservation of the Game, was read the Third time.

And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill; viz.

Prels 7. L. 14. Leave out " if any," and insert " no."

And the Question being put, That the Bill do pass;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

6® — 70 Mail

Press 7. L. 19. To leave out nistrators," and insert " Heirs Prels 8. L. 2. To leave out nistrators

C. To leave out

it

A. 1730.

Executors,

AdraP

Executors, Adrni-Executors, Admi-

for the Yeas, '

Tellers for the Noes,

f Mr. Earle,

3 72.

}C3.

'(Mr.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative:

And that the Title be, An Act for the better Preservation of the Game.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilmington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Vincent (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for preventing Frauds in the making of Starch, and Ilair Powder, and the clandestine Importation of foreign Starch, 'and Hair Powder, was committed; the Amendments the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with

L.

" nistrators:"

Press 9. L. 8. To leave out " Executors, Adtni- " niltrators

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for confirming a Patent, granted by her late Majesty Queen Anne to William Trench, Esquire, deceased, for erecting a Light-house upon the Island or stock, called Skerries, and for the better Maintenance of the said Light-house, and for making the Duties, granted for maintaining the fame, perpetual.

Ordered, That Sir William Yonge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Burrell acquainted the House, that the Report Carrying from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the R'« foo Bill for repealing so much of the Act, of the Third and Fourth Years of the Iteign of the late Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for granting to her Majesty a further " Subsidy on Wines and Merchandizes imported," as prohibits the Importation of Rice directly from the Plantations in America to any Port in Europe, Southward of Cape Finisterre, was committed, which was ordered to be withdrawn, in order to the rectifying a

the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the said Mistake therein, is reftiiied, and that he is ready to make Amendments were once read throughout, and, being read the said Report to the House,

a Second time, one by one, were, upon the Question fcve rally put thereupon, with Amendments to several of them, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, To di-.rest, how the Fines and Penalties shall be recovered.

And the Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up.

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put there-

Ordered, That the Report be received immediately. Air. Burrell accordingly reported to the House the Amendments the Committee had made to the said Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk s Table: Where the same were once read throughout, and, being read a Second time, one by one, were, upon the

upon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Question severally put thereupon, with an Amendment to Bill. one of them, agreed unto by the House; and another

Amendment was made by the House to the Bill. Ordered, That the Bill, with tl»e Amendments, be in-Amendments, be grofled.

And another Amendment nas made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the ingrossed.

Mr. Burrell (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for repealing so much of the Act, of the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of the late Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for granting to her Majesty a further Subsidy " on Wines and Merchandizes imported," as prohibits the Importation of Rice directly from the British Plantations in America to any Port in Europe, Southward of Cape Finisterre, was committed; the Amendments the

Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had

directed him to report to the House; And he read the feme in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the said Amendments were once read.

And it being objected, that the Clauses, which were

added by the Committee at the End of the Bill are in-

ferted in the Report, as Amendments, made by the Committee in the Body of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Report be withdrawn, in order to tire rectifying that Mistake.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 70 die Maii;

Anno 3* Georgii 2" Regis, 1730.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Briton'i for repealing, and explaining, Part of an Act, passed kkte. in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act for vesting Part " of the Estate of Moyle Breton, Esquire, in Trustees, to " be fold, for the railing Three thousand Pounds, charged " on other Part of the same Estate, and for other Pur-K poles therein mentioned ;" was read the Third tune. Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do

Ordered, That Mr. Bramston do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed

Skerries An ingrossed Bill for confirming a Patent, granted by

Light-house. her late Majesty Queen Anne to William Trench, Esquire, to the fame, with some Amendments; to which Auiend-

deceated, for erecting a Light-house on the Skerries, and ments this House doth desire their Lordships Concur-for the better Maintenance of the said Light-house; was rence. read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to An ingrossed Bill for preventing Frauds in the making Fundi in be made to the Bill; viz. of Starch, and Hair Powder, and the clandestine Impor- making

Press 6. L, 35. To leave out Treble," and insert tation of fordgn Starch, and Hair Powder, was read the ®taich' Double 1" Third time.

Rejoked,

3 Geo. II. 7° Mali571

Rejoiced\That the MLdopafs; and that the Title be, An Act for preventing JBjSfas in the making of Starch, and Hair Powder,.ajufiSf clandestine Importation of foreign Starch,^airaaHiw Powder; for preventing the counterfeiting, ^rndnSIpilterating, of Coffee, Tea, and Chocolate; for indemnifying Masters of Ships, who have inadvertently carried Seamen to Sea, without Comrafts in Writing first entered into; for the more ealy Proof of Commissions to the Officers of His Majesty's Itevenue in Ireland, and for filing common Bail in Actions concerning the said Revenues; and to repeal a Clause in a late Act, prohibiting Victuallers, and Retailers of Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, from lending the same out of their Houses in Pots, or Vessels, lei's than a Gallon.

Ordered, That Mr. Vincent do carry the Bill to the Lorcb, and desire their Concurrence.

Cird>g*n Mr. Earle (according to Order) reported from the jd*a«>n. c01nmjttee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the double Return, and Election, for the Town of Cardigan, in the County of Cardigan, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon: Which Report he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report and Resolutions were read, and are as follow; viz.

Upon the double Return of Richard Lloyde, Esquire, and Thomas Pored I, Esquire, for the said Town, and the Petitions of tire said Mr. and

Mr. Lloyde, respectively, complaining of the Election and Return of each other:

That the Committee have inspected the said double Return, and have examined the Merits of this Election.

The Return is by two several Indentures, That of Mr. Lloyde is by Thomas Pryfe, Esquire, Mayor of the Town and Borough of Car, and the Majority of the Burgesses of the Town of Cardigan, and of the Towns of Aberystwith, Lampeter, and At par, being Out-boroughs, and the Majority of the said Out-boroughs, and is executed by the Mayor, and many of the said Out-burgesses; Mid the Return of Mr. Powell is mentioned to be made by the said Thomas Pry ft, Mayor, and the Minority of the Burgesses of the Town of Cardigan, and the Towns of Aberystwith, Lampetct, and At par, being Out-boroughs,

and a Majority of the Burgesses of the Town of Tregaron, being another, reputed Oitt-borough, and is also executed by the said Mayor, and John Davies, Mayor of Tregaron* and some of the Burgesses of the said Five Boroughs.

The Counsel for Mr. Lloyde insisted, that the Right of Election is in the Burgesses in general of the Town of Cardigan, and the Out-boroughs of Aberystwith, Lampeter, and Atpar, only; and that the Claim of Tregaron, as an

Out-borough, was but a Pretence, that Place being only a Lordship, belonging to the Petitioner, Mr.

That upon Occasion of the Election, about Eight hundred Burgesses were made at Tregaron, though there are not above Forty Houses, and fcurce Ten of them pay. to Church and Poor.

The Counsel for Mr. Powell insisted, that the Town of Tregaron had an equal Right with the rest of the Out-boroughs, and had always voted at the Elections for the Town of Cardigan:

And insisted, that Mr. Lloyde a Election w-as void, he having not complied with a Demandof his Oath of Qualification at the Time of the Election, pursuant to the Act, of tho Ninth Year of Queen Anne, in that case provided.

To prove which Demand, they called George Jones who said, that he w as at the Election 27th March 1729; and that Mr. IVm. Powell, ami himself, w ho are both Burgesses, did demand of Mr. Lloyde to swear to his Qualification, as required by the Act of Parliament; and that it was on the Third Day of Elc6tion.

Being cross-exatnined, he said, the Mayor stopt the Poll about Ten Minutes, for Mr. s Answer, which

- Vol. 21.

was, that he was not obliged to it; but that the Witness, and the said Mr. lVilliam Porwell, infilled upon his taking the Oath required; which was not complied with.

Jenkin Evans and David lIoj)kins confirmed the Evidence given by George Jones] and said, they believed, Mr. JJoyde, and the#Mayor, heard the Demand of the Oath, because the Mayoi* flopped the Poll some time: and Mr. Lloyde said, " Pooh, Poohand turned his back upon them.

Being crols-examined, Evans said, he was about Five Yards from the Mayor, and about Two Yards from Jones and Powell, when the Demand was made: Thatthd

Mayor said nothings but flopped the Poll some time: That this was the Third Day of the Election,: and a! that time there was no great Noise: That the Demand of the Oath was aloud; twice or thrice, and they might? hear it very plain.

John Jones, a Burgess of Cardigan, said, that he was at the Election the Third Day: That Mr. Richards, Thomas Jones, and himself; demanded Mr; s Oatlf

of Qualification, and lpoke very loud: That Mr. Lloyde turned to the Wall; as he generally did: A great many People were prtefent; hut he believed, the Mayor mult hear them, for he lpoke and applied to them both.

The Counsel for Mr. Lloyde insisted, that there was no regular Demand of the Oath, if any; and called

Thomas Price, Esquire; who said, he was Mayor at the Time of the Election, was there the whole Time; and did not hear any Demand of the Oath;

That he knew George Jones and William Powell, but

could not say, how near they were, nor when they gave their Votes: That they did not demand an Oath of Mr.

Lloydes Qualification, to his Knowledge.

Being crols-examined, he laid, that Two or Three Days before the Election he aiked Mr. Lloyde about his Qualification; who said, he had it ready, and that he heard, it would be demanded:

That there was fomctiuies a very great Noile at the Election, and he might not hear every Thing that was said: That there was a Cessation from polling several Times, for above Half a Quarter of an Hour at a Time; and then he fat down, till they had done scolding: That he did not vote, though he confessed; he had aiked Votes for Mr. Lloyde:

That on the Day of Election he aiked Mr. Lloyde, if he was prepared with a Rent-roll; and he answered, that he was.

And this Witness added, that he never heard of any Objection to Mr. Lloydes Qualification, till he heard it was in Mr. PoivelCs Petition.

Edward Jones, Esquire, High Sheriff, said, that he came to the Election the Beginning of the Second Day; and continued there more than Three Days, and never heard any body demand an Oath of Qualification; and that, if there had been any such Demand, he must have heard it.

Being crols-examined, he owned, that he was not constantly in Court all the Time of the Election, and that he is Mr. Lloydes Brother-in-law.

Thomas Lloyd laid, he was at the Election all the Time it continued, and was a Manager for Mr. Lloyde; was never out of Court, during the Poll: That he never heard of a Demand of the Oath: That he saw Mr. s

Qualification ready, if demanded: That he saw George Jones there most of the Days, but never heard him moke any Demand of the Oath, nor ever heard of any Demand of Mr. Lloyde's Qualification, till Mr. Powell's Petition:

That he talked with Mr. Powell, who told him, he was satisfied, Mr. Lloyde was qualified: That Mr. Poivell frequently fat near him; and that nothing of the Qualification, or Oath, was mentioned by him: That it was not possible for the Oath to be demanded, without his hearing, for he vvas always near Mr. Lloyde and the Mayor, in the Cryer's Seat; and that Mr. the

Mayor, and Mr. Powell, fat together.

Thomas Philips, Under-lherilfi Clerk of

5

57* 7 MaA- 1730,

Cardigan the Poll for Mr. Lloyde, HeStrn' Jones, Inspector for Election. Mr . Lloyde, gave Evidence to the same Effect; but

Jones owned, he was absent the Third Day of the Poll.

JieBor Jones saying, he was there all the Time of the Poll; '

The Counsel for Mr. Powell called Abel Gower; who laid, he was present the whole Election, except Two or Three Hours on Monday, the Fourth Day of the Poll; and that Hector Jones was absent several Times.

Being crols-examined, he said, lie heard an Oath talked of; but could not say, he heard any Demand made in the Court.

John Jones said, he saw Hector Jones at Mr. Morgans House in the Time of polling.

Mr. Powell's Counsel infilled, that, for want of the Oath of Qualification, Mr. s Election was void, as

in the same of Mr. Serjeant Comyns, journal 20th May H7*5-

To which Mr. Lloyde'aCounfel replied, that the Cafes were'not alike; for in this case there was no due Demand, nor wilful Refusal.

- The Committee came to this Refplution:

1. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Richard Lloyde, Esquire, did not wilfully refuse to take an Oath of his Qualification at the Election of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Cardigan, in the County of Cardigan, he not befog thereunto legally required.

The Counsel for Mr. Lloi/de proceeded to make good their Objection against the Burgesses of Tregaron, as having no Right of voting, Eight hundred of which, they alleged, were admitted with a View to this Election.

And they called

James Frtincis; who said, he had known Tregaron Thirty-one Years: That Evan Morgan was Mayor about Twenty-nine Years since; and he had heard, there was a Mayor before that Time: That there is about Sixty or Seventy Cottages in the Town: That Mr. Lloyde aiked his Vote: That he was Twenty-five Years old, when he firli know the Town; and it was the common Report, that there were Mayors before that Time; That Mr. Powell, the Petitioner, is Lord of the Manor of garon: That in the contested Election between Mr. Powell and Mr. Price, he, the Witness, voted as a Burgess of Tregaron, and was admitted.

Davy Thomas said, he had known Tregaron Forty Years: That there was no Mayor for about Ten Years: The First Mayor, he knew of, was Jones, about Twenty-nine or Thirty Years since, whom he law made Mayor.

Being crols-examined, he said, he was Fifty Years of Age; but knew nothing of the Constitution of the Town: That he lived within Two Miles of it; and, since the making the said Jones Mayor, the Burgesses of Tregaron have voted at Elections, but not before.

Thomas Lloyd, aged Thirty-seven Years, said, that, when he first knew Tregaron, there was a Mayor: That his Father told him, they took upon themselves to be a Corporation about Twenty or Thirty Years since, and that it was never pretended, or heard of, to be a Corporation before that Time: That the Justices of the Peace for the County at large do all Acts at Tregaron, and the Mayor does nothing: That there is no Town-hall, but at Cardigan', and they have no Records, but Presentments of Juries, for making Burgesses at Courts Leet, which are made by the Mayor.

Being crols-examined, he said, he was sworn a Burgess of Tregaron about Twelve Years since, and voted at the Election, when Mr. Powell stopd in 1725 -..That he had heard his Father say, Tregaron had no Right of voting: That the farthest Presentments were not beyond 1702: That he believed, the Burgesses of have not been

refused of late Years; and believed, the Mayor of Cardigan at the last Election did fend a Mandate to Tregaron.

Evan Johcs, Town-clerk of Tregaron, produced Records of Tregaronapd laid, he had been Recorder,

Mayor, and sometimes Town-pjgfk, for about Twenty-eight Years: That the RectittjEn&re lodged at tie great House in the Post'ession of MWidow, which belonged to the Petitioner, as Lord of the

Manor: That sometimes they werPmckpH up, and feme: times not: That they were locketf up, % hen lie last went to bring them from thence.;

Being cross-examined, he said, he has not had the Key a whole Year together: That he was not always present, when the Burgesses were admitted; nor could he say, how many they were; but believed, an Hundred: That the Mayor, Recorder, or one of the Jury, always wrote down their Names:

That the Mayor, Davis, wrote the Names at the last Time of making Burgesses: That he never knew ron Burgesses vote before 1701: That he bad a Mandate from the Mayor of Cardigan; and he voted, and signed the Indenture: That his Fattier has been dead Twenty-four Years, and was Seventy-three Years of Age; and he and other ancient Perl'ons have told him, that there were formerly Mayors of Tregaron.

Then the following Writings and Records were produced; viz.

Five Mandates, all directed to the Mayor, Bailiffs, Portreve, or other chief Officer or (Jfficers, of the Borough Town of Tregaron, in the County of Cardigan, signed by the Mayor of Cardigan, to attend at the Election for the Town of Cardigan, dated,

16 th February 1709;

17 October — 1710;

11 March — 1711;

5 September - 1713;

24 March — 1724;

Record of One hundred Burgesses of Tregaron sworn the 24th of April 1725:

Counterpart of a Return, dated the 12th of August imo Amice, wherein the Mayor of Caron, and Two Burgesses of Caron, are mentioned:

Presentment of Edward Evans, to be Mayor for the Town of Tregaron, dated the 10th of October 1675, much defaced; but it appeared, that Evans was

presented, and sworn, and that several of the Burgesses had signed and sealed the fame:

Many other Presentments fiucc the Year 1702:

A Presentment, dated the 23d of October 1728; whereby it appeared, that about Eight hundred Burgesses were then made.

A Presentment, dated the 6th of May 1682; whereby it appeared, that Thomas Jones w as then Mayor of Tregaron.

And, in farther Support of the Right of the Burgesses of Tregaron, it was infilled, that, by the Statutes of 27th and 35th Hen. 8th, Tregaron had as good a Right, as any of the Out-boroughs; and that the Presentments of a Mayor in 1675 and 1682 are strong Proofs of that Right.

The Journal, .30° April. 14 2<li, was read 5

when_ it was resolved, That the Election of Mr. Philips, to serve for the Shire Town of Cardigan, was void, be* pause due Notice was not given of the Election:

And also,

That Notice of all Elections of Members, to serve for Shire Towns in Wales, ought to be given to the out Corporations and Boroughs in such Shires.

On Mr. Powells Part the following Evidence was produced and given; viz.

6 Apr. 150 Carol 2di, a Return, expressed to be made.

by the Mayor and Burgesses of the Town and Borough of Tregaron, and therein Laub and At par are called pretended Boroughs:

1,5° December, 13* Gul. 3'", a Return, among others,

made by John Langharn, Wm. Powell, Esquire, David Lloyd, and Evan Jenkins, Burgesses of Caron:

9 Septan. 12° Anncc, a Return, among others, mafia by Davul Lloyd, Mayor, and Evan Jones, a Burgess, of Tregaron:

15 Mr.

j Geo. II.

7° Mail

1.5 Febr. ill of King George, a Return, among others, made by the Mayor and Town-clerk, and Tw o liur-gestes, of Caron:

3 April,8* King Geo. I. a Return, among others, made by the Mayor, and Two Burgesses, of Caron:

4 March 1(174, Receipt for Standard Measures, on the behalf of the Mayor and Birrgefles of Tregaron:

The Mandate from the Mayor of Cardigan to the Mayor of Tregaron, dated 15 February 1678:

The Indenture of Return, dated 24th of February 1678, which mentions the Return of Hector Philips, Esquire, to be made by the Mayor of Cardigan, and Burgesses, who are therein named, and allb the Burgesses of the Out-boroughs thereunto belonging:

And the like Mandate, and Return, for the Parliament, called to meet at Oxford the 21 of March 168 ?.

Richard John, aged Seventy Years, said he had known Tregaron Sixty Years: That Thomas Jones was the First Mayor in his Knowledge, and Edward Evans succeeded him; and then the Tregaron Burgesses voted, as several of them told him:

That about Forty-seven Years since the Mayor of Tregaron was discontinued, but he could not say for what Time.

John Loyd, JMoi'gan Jenkins, and Simon Davis, gave Evidence, that they had known Tregaron Fifty Years: That Edward Evans was the first Mayor in their Know-lege; and then the Tregaron Burgesses voted at - And John Lloyd added, that his Grandfather died Forty Years since, at near an Hundred Years of Age: That he had heard him say, Tregaron was always a Corporation, and that there had been Mayors constantly: That they arrested People, and always had a Gaol: That one Evans kept the Gaol about Twenty-two Years fmee; and that Three Persons were hanged from thence.

Rudder Thomas said, he had known Tregaron Sixty Years; and that in the first of his Knowledge of it, the Tregai'on Burgesses voted.

The Committee came to this Resolution:

2. ReJ'olved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Bnrgeifes of the Borough of Tregaron have not a Right to vote in the Election of a Burgess, to lerve in Parliament for the Town of Cardigan,

The Couulel for Mr. Lloydc iofiftirtg, that the Right of Election is in the Burgesses of the Boroughs of Cardigan, Aberystwith, Lampeter, and At par, in general.

And tire Counsel for Mr. Powell infilling, that the Right of Election is in tire resident Burgesses only;

To prove the Right of Election in the said Burgesses in general, Mr. Lloydc's Counsel called

Thomas Lloydeand Thomas Philips: who said, that at this Ele£tiort there was no Objection to the Burgesses of tire laid Boroughs in general: That at Mr. Powell's Election in 1724, and at this Election, those Burgesses voted prouiilcuoully, without Objection. v

Being cross-examined, they said, there was no Difiinc-tion in the Town-Books of Cardigan', of Out-burgesses, and resident Burgesses, of any of those Boroughs; and that the Right of Election was always taken to be in the Burgesses of those Boroughs in general.

The Counsel for Mr. Powell called'

John Morgan, Abel Gower, and John Jones4, who said, that Mr. Powell, and his Agents, did inlitt, that a Distinction should be entered in the Poll, of the Voters resident, and non-resident; but they were admitted in general on both Sides; which was objc6ted to by Mr. and Queries were made.

John Morgan, being' cross-examined, said, that at the Election iivi 724, when Mr. Powell and Mr. Price were Candidates, there was the same Objection, and then the Burgesses in general polled.

The Committee came to the following Resolution:

3. Resolved, That it, is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Right of Election of a Burgess, to serve in Parliament for the Town of Cardigan, in the county of - Cardigan, is in the Burgesses at'large of the Boroughs of Cardigan, Abery/kvith^ JtamjKlefj Atpar, only. Vo-b.-gl.

The Poll of the Burgesses at large of the said Boroughs of Cardigan, Aberystwith, Lampeter, and At par, was

agreed by the Counsel to Hand thus;

p CMr Lloude,018:

For lUe. Powell, 465.

The Counsel for Mr. Powell alleged, that the Order of the Committee, for irifpecting the Records of not having been duly complied with, they were Unable to give Evidence of the Disqualifications of the Voters for Mr. Lloyde.

They allb alleged Partiality in Mr. Thomas Pryfe, the Mayor of Cardigan at the Time of the Election; and complained of Tumults, and disorderly Proceedings, at that Time.

And they called Abel Gower, an Agent fof Mr. Powell, who said, he served Mr. Thomas Lloyd, the present Mayor of Cardigan, with the Order of the Committee, dated the 20th of February last, for inspefiting the Records of the said Borough; to which he consented, and lent the Witness to the Town-clerk for such Inspection:

That the Town-clerk brought the Records to a Place out of the Office; to which the Mayor coming, and blaming the Removal of those Records, took them away with him.

Being crols-examined, he owned, he had Liberty tb inspect, and had Aecefs to, the said Records, for Three Days before he received the said Order.

John Morgan, Edward Roberts, and John Jones, other Agents for Mr. Powell, gave Evidence, that they applied

to the said Mayor, Mr. Thomas since he had beert

in Town, for Inspection of the Records of-according to the Order of this Committee; and that he told them, all those Records were lodged with the Clerk of the Committee; which, upon Enquiry, they found to be not true; and that the said Mr. Lloyd afterwards con-fefied to them, that he had the said Records in his dwW Custody.

George Jones, another Agent for Mr. Powell, said, ha waited on the said Mr. Thomas Lloyd, the Mayor, in Town, to inspect the said Records; and, upon such In- speftion, taking notice of some Interlineations, Mr. Lloyd foil into a Passion, and, threatening to beat him, he retired; since which he, and Mr. Roberts, another- Agent for Mr. Powell, thrice renewed their Applications for such Inspefition, but to no Purpose.

As to the Partiality of Mr. Thomas Pryfe, the Mayor at the Time of the Election, Mr. Potcell's Couufel called

George Jones; who said, that the said Mr. Pryfe, the said late Mayor,-applied to one Mr. Powell, a Voter, and who had married the said Prys Sifter, that he would give her no Fortune, unless the said Mr. the Voter, would give his Interest to Mr.; and that the

laid Pryfe, the late Mayor, offered the said Powell, the Voter, £. 200. for his Interest for Mr. Lloyde: That the said Mr. Pryfe gave to one of his own Tenants a Coat, and Two Pieces of Gold, for his Vote.

Being cross-examined, he owned, that he offered Five hundred Pounds to Mr. Pryfe, the Mayor, for his Interest for Mr. Powell;and that Mr. Pryfe answered, that he was to have more Money from Mr. Lloyde.

Being further examined, he said, that he had no Commission ifrom Mr. Powell to offer that Sum; and that he offered it as a Stratagem of his own, to find out, what was die Price given on the other Side:

That he brought Thirty-one Burgesses of Aberystwith to poll for Mr. Powell, and they were refused by the Mayor: That there was a great Mob in the Hall, andl also in the Streets; and' that he few the High Sheriff's; Sword drawn.

John Morgan said, he was present at the Election j and that the Mayor proposed, for preventing Disorders, to poll by Thirty's on a Side; which was observed for feme time; but afterwards Mobs erofe, in which a Man was killed.

7 F

Cardigan

Elefiion.

574

7* Ma.

<A. 173G.

Cardigan

Blcdioo.

And that, upon the whotO Matter, the Committee came to the following Resolution:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Richard Lloyde, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of digan, in the County of Cardigan.

Ttje First Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That Richard Loyde, j\ (quire, did not wilfully refuse to take an Oath of his Qualification at the Election of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the 'I own of in the County of Cardigan, he not being the reunto legally required.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time, That the Burgefi'es of the Borough of have not

a Right to vote in therElcfition of a Burgel's, to lerve in Parliament for the Town of Cardigan;

And a Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

} 86.

Tellers for the Noes, :} 74'

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Third Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That the Right of Election of a Burge Is, to serve in Parliament for the Town of Cardigan, in the County of Cardigan, is in the Burgesses at large of the Boroughs of Cardigan, Aberyjluith, Lampeter, and Atpar, only.

The last Resolutam being read a Second time;

Resolved, I'hat the House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That Richard Lloydc, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Cardigan.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this Hpufo Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return for the Town of Cardigan in the County of Cardigan, by taking off the File the Indenture, by which Thomas Powell, Esquire, is returned a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Town.

Bury St. Ed- Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to uund'sWrics. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bury St. Edmunds, in the County of Suffolk, in the room of Thomas Norton, Esquire, who, fmee his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Lieutenant Governor of Hospital.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the defiling a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bury St. Edtnunds, in the County of Suffolk, in the room of the Right honourable John Her-vey, Esquire, commonly called Lord Hervey, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Vice-chamberlain of his Majesty's HoulhokL

Weymouth

1 let! ion.

Mr. Earle (according to Order) reported from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Elefition for the Borough of Weymouth and Melcomb Regis, in the County of and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon: Which Report, he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the feme was read; and the said Report and Resolutions are as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of Knox Ward, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return of Sir James Thornhill, Knight, and William Betts, Esquire, to serve for the Borough of Weymouth and Melcomb Regis, in the Comity of

The Committee found themselves discharged, by Order of the House, from proceeding upon lb much of the said Petition, as relates to Sir James Thornhill.

And the Committee proceeded to examine the Matter of the Petition, as it relates to Mr. Betts.

The Counsel on both Sides agreed, that the Right of Election is in the Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs, and capital Burgesses, inhabiting within the Borough, and in Persons felled of Freeholds within the Borough, and not receiving Alms.

The Counsel for the Petitioner insisted, that Mr. Betts having not complied with the Afit of Parliament, which requires an Oath of Qualification, ttor with the Standing Orders of the House, which requires a Particular, in Writing, of his Qualification, to be left with the Clerk of the House, his Election is therefore void;

And that, by consequence, the Petitioner, having the next Majority on the Poll, was duly elected.

To prove the Demand of the Oath of Qualification* the Petitioner's Counsel called

Robert Loder; who produced a Copy of the Demand, made by Mr. John Ward, of Mr. Betts' Qualification, signed by Pour Elefilors, viz. John Ward, and Three others; and said, he believed, Mr. Betts was not at Weymouth, during the Time of the Election.

John Savage said, that he delivered to Mr. Betts, at

Epsom, a Paper signed by Four of the Elefitors, demand* hig his Qualification, and acquainted him, that it caine from Mr. John Ward -, to which Mr. Betts answered, that he never had any thing to do with Mr. Ward, nor ever would.

This Demand the Wilncfs made, and delivered to Mr. Betts, the 4th of October 1727.

Being cross-examined, he said, that Mr. Betts told him, he was not obliged to give an Answer: That he laid it down on the Table, and did not read it: That the Witness did not fee the Persons subscribe the fame, but they owned their Hands.

The Counsel for Mr. Betts admitted, that his Qualification is not sworn to, nor a Particular of it delivered; though they alleged, that he is qualified, and had served in former Parliaments; but is now grown infirm, and not able to attend the Service of the House: And insisted; that the Elefitors, being not appriled of this, ought to have an Opportunity of making another Choice.

The Committee came to the following Resolutions; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That William Betts, Esquire, is not duly elefited a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Weymouth and Melcomb Regis, in the County of Dorset.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Knox Ward, Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Weymouth and Melcomb Regis.

The First Resolution being read a Second time;

Refohcd, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That William , Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Weymouth and Melcomb Regis, in the County of Dorset.

The other Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That Knox Ward, Esquire, is not duly defiled a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of H eymouth and Melcomb Regis.

And the House came to the following Resolution; viz.

Resolved, That the late Elefition for the said Borough of Weymouth and Melcomb Regis, as to William Esquire, is a void Elefition.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Cr<*wn, to make put a new Writ, for thd

defiling

Geo. II.

7

8 Mail.

electing a Burgess to fervo in tins present Parliament for the Borough of Weymouth and Regis, in the County of Dor fit, in the room bf Betts, Esquire,

whole Election is declared void.

Carrying Ordered, That Mr. Burrell have Leave to make a Motion, it being past Three of the Clock.

And he moved the House, That the ingrafted Bill for repealing so much of the Act, made in the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of the late Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for granting to her Majesty a further Subsidy on Wines and Merchandizes imported," as prohibits the Importation of Rice directly from the Plantations in America to any Port in , Southward

of Cape Finisterre, may I. now read the Third time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read the Third time.

The said Bill was read the Third time.

And the following Amendments were made by the House to the Bill; viz.

Press 3. L. 11. Leave out " South."

Press 5. L. 25. After " Prosecutof" insert " Onethird Part thereof."

Rifbfaed, That the Bill do pals; and that the Title be, An Act for granting Liberty to carry Rice from his Majesty's Provmee of Carolina, in America, directly to any Part of Europe, Southward of Cape Finisterre, in Ships built in, and belonging to, Great Britain, and navigated according to Law.

Ordered, That Mr. Burrell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Mormn& Nine of the Clock.

Vmerit y 8° Maii; Anno 3* Georgii a*' Regis, 1730. Praters.

Bricks and Tiki

Biking.

"-7V MJEft&AGE from the Lords, by Mr. Masham '3Cjl' and-JHr.Burroughs:

Mr.SpaKher,

Tha Lards have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending the Acts therein mentioned, relating to the waking of Bricks; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords dciire the (Concurrence of this

Hoafe:

Deptford And atto, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An pew Chorch Act for providing a Maintenance for the Minister of the

MrilifiniV r new Church of Saint Nicholas, Deptford, in the Counties of Kent and Su and for making the same a distinct Parish; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And then the Messengers withdrew.

DachefV at Sir John Rushout reported from the Committee, to NewciOlci whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Manor of Hick ling, and other Lands \nd Hereditaments, in the County of Nottingham, late thb Estate of Margaret, Duchess Dowager of and intailed by her Will, and for laying out the Money, arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of another Estate, to be settled to the fume Uses, w as committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the some to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Contents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk s Table.

Estate of Miirgarct,t)uchefs Dowager of and

intailed by her Will, and for laying out the Money, arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of another Estate, to be settled to the feme Uses; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir John Rushout do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment

The House proceeded to take into Confederation the Deptford Amendments, made by the Lords, to the ingrossed Bill, new Church intituled, An Act for providing a Maintenance for the Mai'tenenc*. Minister of the new Parish Church of St. Nicholas Dept- 8 ford, in the Counties of Kent and Surrey, and for making the same a distinct Parish.

And the said Amendments were read, and are as follow; viz.

Press 14. Li 24. After " Yard" insert " by such Highway or Road."

Press 17; L. 19. Leave out " to be," and, instead thereof, insert " as."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, w'ere, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed uuto by the House.

Ordered, That Sir Roger Meredith do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

The House proceeded to take into Confidemtion the Brides an4 Amendments made by the Lords to the ingrafted Bill, Tiles intituled, An Act for amending the Acts therein men* "dung, tioned, felatiitg to the making ot Bricks.

And the said Amendments were read, and are as follow; viz.

Prese 2. L. 3. After burn" insert " in Clamps."

L. 15. After " Bricks" insert " in Clamps."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Child do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do {flue his Warrant to Honitoa the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for Writ, the electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Honiton, in the County of Devon, in

the room of Sir William Yonge, Knight of the most honourable Order of the Bath, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of one of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of his Majesty s Exchequer.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Dartamth the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for Writ, the electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Clifton Dartmouth Hardness, in the County of Devon, in the room of George Treby, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Mailer of the Houshold to his Majesty.

Mr. Oglethorpe, from the Committee appointed to en- Estsit into quire into the State of the Gaols of this Kingdom, ao *$*"» quainted the House, that they had agreed upon a Report of their Proceedings, to be made to the House, when the House will please to receive the some.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next

Cardigan . The Clerk of the Crown attended, and (according to

*, Order) amended the Return for the Town of,

1 in the County of Cardigan.

Pfcfefr An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Manor bf Jlickling, and other Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of late the

Y_.ql. 21.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Totuft the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for Writ the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Totnefi, in the County of Devon, in the room of Exton Sayer, LL.D. who, since his EleC^on for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of purveyor General of his Majesty's Lands.

And

Coal Trade.

Breton'* EAate,

Coal Trade.

Suite* Writ.

Richmond

Writ.

Enquiry into the Sute of Gaols.

i *.T

576 ii® — 12° Mail. A. rj^o.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Luna> ii° die Mali;

Anno 3" Georgii 241 Regis, 1730. Prayers.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Thomds Barnet and Mr. Masham: Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of the Coal Trade; with ail Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

And also, the Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repealing Part of an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Firit, intituled, "An Act for vesting Part of the Estate of Moyle " Breton, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, for the railing

" Three thousand Pounds, charged on other Parts of the " feme Estate, and for other Purposes therein mentioned and for appointing other Lands to be sold, than by the said Act are directed.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Jhe House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendment, raqde by the Lords, to the ingrossed Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of the Coal Trade.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as follows; viz.

Press 9. L. 10. After " own" insert " or hired."

The said Amendment, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Sir William Strickland do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

Ordered, That Air. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to mal>e out a new Writ, for the electing A Knight of the Shire, to serve in this present parliament for the Couqty of Suffer, in the room of the Right honourable Henry Pelha, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said County, hath accepted the Office of Pajmaitcr General of his Majesty's Land Forces.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the

Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Richmond, in, the Coupty of foi'k, in the room 6f fhc horiourab|e Sir Conyers fi'Arcy, Knight of the most' honourable Order of the Bath, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Comptroller of his Majesty s Houfttold.

i '

Mr. Oglethorpe, from the Committee appointed to enquire into the State of the Gaols of this Kingdom, made a Report (according to Order) of the ProgrcTs the Committee had made in their Enquiry into the State of the King's Bench Prison, with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon: And he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table, together with an Appendix to it, containing at large tliole Examinations arid' Papers, whidi are referred to in the Report.

Ordered, That the Report be taken into Consideration To-pwqiy Morning.

then. tl»e House adjourned till Tomorrow *7,; Alorqing, Nine of the Clock*

L-:A

Martisy 120 die Mali;

Anno 30 Georgii 2" Regis, 1730.

Prayers.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr.

and Mr. Masham:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Regulating for the better Regulation of Juries; with fouie Amend- laments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Order of the Day being road, for the House to Enquiry i» take, into Consideration the Report from the Committee, theS'1"01 appointed to enquire into the State of the Gaols of this G*° ‘' Kingdom;

The Report and Resolutions of foe Committee, were read, and arc as follow; viz. . .,

The said Committee, having entered into an Examination of the State of the King's Bench Prison, have thought it proper to lay their Proceedings before the

House; viz.

It appeared to the Committee, that the Priibp of the King's Bench doth belong to the Court of the King's Bench, and the Keeper of the said Prison is filled Marshal of the Alarflialfea of our Sovereign Lord the King before himself being; which Office of Marshal formerly belonged to the Earl Marshal of England, as appears byan'Inquisition, taken in the Eleventh Year of Henry the Sixth, on the Death of John Mowbray Duke of Norfolk; which sets forth, that it had been separated from the Office of Earl Marshal, but in the Tw entieth Year of Richard the Second, by Letters Patent, confirmed by Parliament, was re-united to the Office of Earl Marshal, and granted to Thomas Mowbray, then Earl of Nottingham, afterwards Duke of Notjolk, and the Heirs Male of his. Body, to be

held incapite; and that the yearly Value of the Office

of Alarihal of the King's Bench was Ten Marks.

That the Heirs Male of the said Duke failed, and the Office devolved to the Crown.

That William Lenthall, Esquire, mortgaged certain

Manors and Lands, for Seven thqufend Pounds, to Sir John Cutler, Knight; and, for the further lecuring of the said Seven thousand Pounds, and the additional SuriL of Three thousand Pounds, he, by Indenture, bearing Dale the Twenty-fourth Day of February, One thousand Six . hundred and Eighty-four, mortgaged the Office of the Marshal of the Rings Bench PrUon to the said Sir John Cutler, by a bare Covenant, to- stand foiled of the said Office, subject to the Payment of the said Ten thousand Pounds, and Interest.

,. Whether the said Wm. J^enthall, Esquire,

ppen ix. jja(j any^ Qf what, Title to the said Office, and under what Limitation it was granted from the Crown, doth not appear to this Committee.

That the frequent Escapes of Prisoners from the King*

Bench, and the Fleet, occasioned an Act to be passed 8 and 9 Gulielmi Tertii, intituled, "An Act for the more

" eft'eftual Relief of Creditors, in Cafes of Escapes, and " for preventing Abuses in Prisons, and pretended pri*

" vileged Places:"

8 6f o G I reci,!e^> That divers

t»o.fU great Sums of Money, and other Reward

were received by the Marshal of the King's R ' Bench, and Warden, of the Fleet, to affilt, or permit, Prisoners to escape; for preventing which, it is enacted, that, if any Marllial, or Warden, of the said Pri-

Ions, or their respective Deputy or Deputies, whatsoever, 1

shall take any Sum of Money, Reward, or Gratuity, whatsoever, or Security for the fame, to procure, allilt, connive at, qr permit, any such Escape, and' shall be thereof lawfully convicted, the said Marshal, or Warden, or their fefpcftive Deputy or Deputies, shall for every such^Of*

6 f&ce

Geo. tt.

12* Mali.

77

fence forfeit Five hundred bounds, and his said Office, and be for ever after incapable of executing such Office.

j , That by a subsequent Clause it is in the

19. y\(f^ provided, that nothing in the said Act contained shall extend to prejudice, impeach, or lessen, any Security or Securities for any Sum or Sums of Money, made or given, by or out of the said Office of Marshal of the Marshal lea of the Court of King's Bench, or the Profits thereof, by Wm. Lent hall, Esquire, to Sir John Cutler, Baronet, deceased, or to Edmund,

Esquire, Executor of the said Sir John , or to any other Person or Persons in Trust for them, or either of them, or to subject the said Office, or the Profits thereof, or the Person or Persons in whom the same are or shall be vested, to any of the Forfeitures or Penalties in the said Act contained, other than such, as they are or may be liable unto before the making of the said Act, until such Sum or Sums, secured thereby, shall be fully satisfied and paid; any thing in the said Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

That this Exemption is only from the Penalties imposed by the said Act, and not from any Forfeitures or Penalties, to which the said Office was otherwise liable.

And the Heirs of Lent hall are not allowed to nominate . a Marshal, without the Consent of the Mortgagees, as appears by the following Clause; viz.

" That all and every Deputation or °' " Deputations, Grant or Grants, at any

" time heretofore made, or executed, by IVm. Lent hall,

" Esquire, of the said Office of Marshal of the Marshaifea " of the said Court of King's Bench, is and are hereby "declared void, and of none Effect; and that all and " every succceding Marshal fiiallfrom time to time, and " at all Times hereafter, be constituted and appointed " by the said William Lenthall, his Heirs and Assigns, by " and with the Consent, in Writing, under the Hand " and Seal of Edmund Boulter, Esquire, his Executors,

" Administrators, and Assigns, until the Debt, owing " by the said William Lenthall to the said Edmund Boulter. Executor of Sir John Cu, Baronet, deceased, be " satisfied."

That in July 1708, the Manors and Lands, which were mortgaged with the said Office, for securing the said Ten thousand Pounds, were fold for the Sum of Eight thousand Seven hundred Pounds; Seven thousand Six hundred Pounds whereof was paid toward the discharging the Principal and Interest of the said Mortgage.

That in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighteen Charles Bodvile, Earl of , claiming under the said Sir John Cutler, and his laid Executor, Edmund Boulter, did by Indenture, bearing Date the Twentieth Day of September 1718, assign to Joseph , his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, in Consideration of a competent Sum, all his Right and Title to the Money, secured upon the said Office, which in the said Deed he mentions to amount to £. 19,284. is. 4 which is said

to have arisen to that Sum by the adding of Interest, Repairs, and other Charges.

g That, on Examination of Witnesses, it appeared, that the said competent Sum was £. 10,500. which was all the Money, that was paid by the said Studley to tfye said Earl.

q That the said Studley purchased these Securities in Trust for other Persons, and divided them into Shares; which, being sold at various Prices, by divers mesne Assignments and Transfers came into the Hands of the present Mortgagees; viz.

Twentieth Parts. Mr. John Preston ----- 4

Mr. 'Thomas and John Martin, in Trust, 4

Mr. Studley ----- - 1

Mr. Thomas Martin, in his own Right - 7

Mr. John Martin, in his own Right - 4

That the said Mortgagees have received the Rents and Profits of the said Office, and the Profits arising from the V #l, 21.

D

Sale and Alieriation of the Offices in the Difpbfition of Enquiry into the Marshal, whereby they have received a much greater Qjnj'atcof Sum, than the interest of the said £. 10,500. to this Time 0 *' amounts to;

i. That Lent hair % Claim to the Freehold of the said Office hath been conveyed, to, and kept in Trustees; and these Trustees have, generally, been Men of mean Circumstances, and nominated at the Request of the Mortgagees.

j-j 1. The present Trustees are James Slann, a Footman to one of the Mortgagees, and John Wildey, a Scriver.er; which said Trustees, in pursuance of a verbal Order of Four of the Mortgagees, did, by Lfcafe, dated the Fourteenth Day of January One thousand Seven hundred Twenty-nine, let to Richard Mullens, Esquire, the Office of Marshal and Keeperof the Prisoners in the Kings Bench Prison, for Three Years; which Prisoners, as appears by the Commitment Books, are In Number Six hundred Fifty-seven, and are charged with One hundred Twenty-six thousand Four hundred Thirty-four Pounds, Twelve Shillings; besides gre.it Numbers, who are charged, with*-out Specification of the Sums, they being charged on Surrenders to Actions, the Number of which Actions amount to Three hundred Ninety-eight, and the Sums due may, probably, be very great. '

The Committee do not find, that any Security, except their own personal Security, hath been taken, or required, from any Marshal of the King's Bench, for the safe keeping of the Prisoners, either by the Trustees, or by any other; and the -Marshals, as well -as the Trustees; have, generally, been Men of very mean Circumstances; and the Mortgagees having thus fereened tbcmselves bo-hind Trustees, nominated at their own Request, deerti themselves not answerable. for -Escapes; so the Creditor hath no Person, of any Substance, to have Recourse to, in case of an Escape; the Consequence of which,

E. amongst many other Examples, appeared very evidently in the same of Mr. Poulter: He was indebted to Mr. William Wilson, in the Sum of Eighteen thousand Pounds, for which he was charged in Execution in the King's Bench Prison, and chose rather to make the Mar-flial a large Present, than to pay his own Debts. Mr.

Machen, who was then Marshal, accepted of the Money;

Poulter went to Holland; and Wilson sued, and recovered Judgment against, Machen, the Marshal; who, being an Insolvent, remained a Prisoner in his own Gaol; and Wilson applied to the Court of King's Bench, that the Profits of the Office might be sequestered for his Debt; but the Mortgagees made such a Claim, as to protest them; so that Wilson, having a Right, but no Remedy, and being by this Slight of Law intirely ruined, shot himself in Despair.

The Office of Marshal of the said Prison was let to the said Richard Mullens by a Trustee, by the Consent and

Direction of the Mortgagees, in Ja, One thousand Seven hundred Twenty-four, for the annual Rent of Seven hundred Pounds; he being, over and above, obliged to pay the annual Sum of Twenty-two Pounds, Ten Shillings, as a Fee-farm Rent; and also an annual Sum of Thirty Pounds to the Chamberlain, nominated by the Mortgagees; the Whole amounting to £.750. per Annum.

His Lease was renewed in January last.; and by Indenture bearing Date the Fourteenth Day Of the said Month, he covenants with James Slann and John , to pay

them £. 700 per Annum, clear of all Taxes; besides, which, to pay the Fee-farm, Rent, (i9c.although all the open and legal Profits, of which the said Mullens could give any Account to the Committee, amounted to about Three hundred and Fifty Pounds per Annum, and no more.

The high Rents of the said Office cannot be made up, without great Oppression; much less can the other Fees, with which it is loaded, be complied with; inso much that the Marshals generally continue but a short time in that Office, there having been Fifteen from the Year 1668 to the Year 1724; and sometimes, on a Prisoner's

7G

being

fcftquiry into the State of Gaol*.

578

p being committed for a considerable Sum, the Mar-shal accepts of Money to grant him the Rules, and Suffers him to escape; and, if the Plaintiff recovers against the Marshal, he turns himself a Prisoner into his own Gaol, which is accompanied with a Kind of Gaol Delivery: The insolvent Marshal, being in this Condition, generally refuses to give his Successors any Account of the Prisoners, to whom he gave the Liberty of the Rules, and by this Proceeding the new Marshal does not apprehtnd himself to be charged or chargeable with them.

q On this Occasion a Rule of Court is Sometimes

granted, for the new Marshal to take all the Prisoners in the Rules, and Persons, who have eScaped; but the Marshal does not think himself obliged to re-take them, and it gives the new Marshal a Pretence to Squeeze great Sums of Money out of Such Prisoners, as enjoy the Rules.

VideD z Over and above the aforementioned exorbitant Rents, on a new Marshal's being Sworn, it hath been usual for him to pay One hundred Guineas to the Lord Chief Justice of the King's Bench, and Fifty Guineas to each of the Puifnc Judges of that Court. The present Marshal, when he was Sworn Marshal, in pursuance of a Lease, granted to him in 1724, gave a Purse of One hundred Guineas into the Hands of Sir , Knight,

then Lord Chief Justice of the King's Bench, and One other Purle, containing Fifty Guineas, to Mr. Justice Fartejcue, and the like Sum to Mr. Justice Pawn; and he offered the like Sum to Sir Robert , Knighr,

then One of the Puisne Judges of that Court, who refused the lame, saying, he did not know, any Such Fee was due, and that, if it was not a legal Fee, he would not take it; but that he would inform himself of the Lord Chief Justice, and the other Judges; and Some Days after he accepted the said Sum, having feea the Lord Chief Justice, and the other Judges of the said Court.

The said Richard Mullens was again Sworn into the said Office on the Twenty-fifth Day of , One thousand

Seven hundred Twenty-nine, his former Lease being then expired, and a new one obtained; on which Occasion Sir Rdbert Raymond, Knight, Lord Chief Justice of the King's Bench, and the other Judges of the said Bench, did not accept of any Fee whatsoever from the said Marshal.

Over and above these Fees, or Presents, paid by the Marshals, on their being Sworn into the said Office, they used to pay, every Christmas, to the Lord Chief Justice of the King's Bench Twenty Guineas, and to each of the Puisne Judges Ten Guineas, until Such Time, as the present Sir Robert Raymond came to be Lord Chief Justice: He then generoully refused to accept of any such Presents, and would never receive any Gratification whatsoever from the said Marshal; and he was imitated in this by Mr. Justice Reynolds, who, though he accepted the Ten Guineas, lent the fame, by his Clerk, to be distributed amongst the Prisoners of the said Prison; and all the Judges of the said Court have now followed this Example: At Chnjlmas 1729, they all refused to accept any Presents from the said Marshal. jl Not only the Marshals, but the Deputy Marshals, usually made Presents, on their Admittance, to the Lord Chief Justice of the said Court: Mr. John , who is now Deputy Marshal, on his buying that Office, besides the Purchase-money, paid by him for the said Office, made a Present to the Lord Chief Justice Holt of Twenty Guineas, which, as far as he remembers, he gave to him with his own Hands.

That, upon inspeding the said King's Bench Prison, it appears to be in very bad Repair, and not capable of containing a Third Part of the Number of Prisoners, even now in the Marshal's Custody, who amount to Six hundred and Fifty-seven; which Number is much Less, than used to be in that Custody, before the late Acts of Parliament against frivolous Arrests, and for Relief of insolvent Debtors: And it is remarkable, that not One Person, discharged by the said late Ad, for Relief of insolvent Debtors, hath been re-committed for any new Debt.

1730.

The common Side of this Prison is divided into little Cabins, or Lodges, the Floors of many of which are Six or Eight Feet below the Level of the Ground; the Mailer's Side is in a very bad Condition; and the Whole in no way adequate to the vast Rent paid for it.

Many Complaints were laid before the Committee, of Cruelties committed by former Marshals of the said Prison, particularly, of a Murder of one Allen, a Prisoner in the said Prison, in the Year 1723, when Machen was Marshal; and also Complaints of exorbitant Sums having been taken for the Liberty of the Rules.

But therequisite Attendances on other Services of the House have made it impracticable to go through the Examinations of these Complaints, before the Conclusionof this Session.

However, the Committee having examined all the Prisoners on the common Side, and many of those on the Mailer's Side, who are mostly new Prisoners, committed since the Beginning of the late parliamentary Enquiries into the State of the Gaols, it appeared by their Examinations, that no Violence or Cruelty hath been used to them by the present Marshal, but on the contrary, that he hath done many Acts of Compassion and Charity towards those on the common Side; by which, and by his free Confessions, and satisfactory Answers given to the Committee, upon his several Examinations before them, he hath rather entitled himself to Favour, than Blame.

The said Prisoners also declared, that they had heard of terrible Oppressions formerly, none of which have happened of late, the Ears of the present Lord Chief Justice of the Court of King's Bench being always open to the Complaints of the Prisoners, and he having with great Patience heard all their Petitions.

Their chief Complaints, at present, are the great Distress, they are reduced to, the Charities not being sufficient for Maintenance of the poor Prisoners; and that the being admitted on the common Side, and thereby entitled to the Benefit of the Charities, which arc confined to that Side, is granted as a particular Favour, and not as a general Right; and that it is with great Difficulty a poor Wretch on the Matter's Side, though never so miserable, can be admitted on the common Side, to share in these Charities.

Vide E Marshal is chiefly enabled to pay his Rent,

'by permitting Prisoners, on Security, to live out of the Prison, any where within the Rules. The Strait-ness of the Prison, and its Incapacity tocontain the Numbers, thereto usually committed, occasioned the Prisoners Application to the Court of King's Bench for more Room; who took upon them to impowerthe Marshal to suffer his Prisoners to live out of the Walls of the Prison, be being answerable for their forth-coming. The Limits, within which such Prisoners were allowed to be, were fixed by the Court of King's Bench; and that space of Ground is called the Rules, and now deemed Part of the Prison. The Court of King's Bench hath taken on them to enlarge the said Space; particularly, in the Time, when Sir Prat, Knight, was Lord Chief Justice, the Court then declared, that it was in their Power to extend the Rules in such Manner, as they should think fit.

If this be Law, all England may be made One extended Prison.

The Prisoners make large Presents to the Marshal, for the Liberty of these Rules; and, being under his Protection, and in his Favour, may take Houses, or Lodgings, within the Rules, and live in a very easy Manner; whilst the poor honed Debtor, who hath paid away all his Substance, to satisfy his Creditors, is a dole Prisoner within the Prison: Thus the Debtor, who will not pay his Creditors, lives at Ease; and he, who cannot pay, suffers.

The Prisoners, enjoying the Liberty of the Rules, are, by the present Usage of the Court erf" King's Bench, in some Manner pro ted ed even in criminal Cafes; for if they are guilty of the greatest Crimes, or Dilbrders, they cannot, by the Opinion of that Court, be committed by any

Authority,

120 Mali.

3 Gfco. II. i2° M579

Authority, but that of the judges of the said Court of King'* Bench; so that, if a Murder, Riot, or Mutiny, should happen, whilst the said Judges are on the Circuits, or otherwise absent, there is no Power to commit to the County Gaol any, Prisoner in the Rules, who shall be concerned therein; for, should a Justice of the Peace, on Complaint made, commit a Prisoner in the Rules to the County Gaol, he would, it seems, by a late Opinion of the said Court, be deemed guilty of a Rescueand Escape, and be liable to tire Debts oif the Prisoner, whom the had so committed:

For it appears, that a Complaint was made, in December 1728, to Samuel Woodham, Esquire, one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Surry, against Humphry Heybord and Joseph , Two Prisoners in the Rules, for violently assaulting a Woman, and other Misdemeanors; and they not being able to find Security for their Appearance at the next Quarter Sessions for the said County, Mr. Woodham committed them to the said County Gaol: On this, the Marshal moved the Court of King's Bench for an Attachment against Mr. Woodbam; and the Matter being brought before the Court, the Court declared, that Mr. Woodham, in committing the said Heybord and Prisoner* in the

Custody of the Marshal, to the County Gaol, upon any Pretence whatsoever, notwithstanding the County Gaol was within the Rules of the Prison of the King's , was guilty of a Rescue: After which, the Court interposed, and prevailed with the said , the Marshal, to make up the Matter, on Mr. s paying Thirty-

one Pounds, Colts, for committing Two Prisoners, who had broke the Peace, and could not find Security.

The high Rent, paid by the Marshal, occasions exorbitant Fees, Extortions, and many other Inconveniences.

The Marshal hath one Shilling per Night, for every Prisoner, who lies in a Spunging-house; which may be a great Inducement to him to keep Prisoners from coming into the Prison.

The Prison Fees are exorbitant; and the Judges having met together, and proceeding to take the same into their Confident on, in order to their making a Reduction thereof, pursuant to the late Act, a Doubt arose, whether they could, or ought, to reduce the said Fees, because of the Property of the Mortgagees: And this Matter remains for the further Consideration of Parliament.

That no Security being given for lafe Custody of the Prisoners, and the artful Confusion of the Title between the Trustees for Lentball, and the Mortgagees, render the Custody of the said Prison unsafe, and precarious.

It appeared to the Committee, that, notwithstanding the Inconveniency, arising from the Claim of the Mortgagees, and the high Rent', paid by the Marshal, yet this Prison of the King's Bench is much better regulated, than any other Pnlon, the Committee had enquired into; which they cannot but aforibe to the Care of the Lord Chief Justice Raymond, who, not accepting of any Presents, or Fees, from the Marshal of the said Prison, hath kept the said Marshal strictly to the Performance of his Duty; and his Lordship bath heard, and redressed, the Complaints of the Prisoners.

It appeared to the Committee, that there are now in being some Books and Lists of Charities, belonging to this Prison; and also that there have been other Books, relating to the said Charities, which Books are not now forth-coming.

There is a Charity collected from the several Counties, and another, of Moneys collected in the Courts of Westminster-hall, called high Bar-money. In the collecting the First of the said Charities there is some Difficulty, full Powers not being given for the railing thereof; and K. it hath been represented to the Committee, that the latter, though Charity Money, doth belong to the lx>rd Chief Justice, and that he hath a Right to dispose of the lame, as he thinks fit.

> And it appeared to the Committee, that out of the small Charity, which yet remains unimbezzled, an

Vo 1. 21.

Attempt was lately made to deduct Money, to repair the Wards for receiving the Furniture, given to the lick Rooms by the present Lord Chief Justice; ami

that these poor Creatures, besides their great Fees, pay also for repairing Rooms in the Gaol, and they were induced to lign a common Seal for this Porpole:

That the poor Prisoners suffer greatly, by the applying of the Charity Money to Repairs, or to any other Uses, than dividing it among!! them, and by their not being admitted to the common Side, and the (haring the Charities.

That the prosecuting Justices of the Peace, for acting in Cales of Breaches of the Peace, committed by Prisoners of the King's Bench Prison, or within the Rules thereof, greatly tends to the encouraging of disorderly, riotous, and dangerous, Practices there.

By inl'pefting the Lists of Prisoners for Debt, transmitted from the various Gaols of this Kingdom, and the Gazettes, and other Authorities, the C -mmittee find, that near Six thousand Persons have been discharged out of the said Gaols by virtue of the Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for Relief of insolvent Debtors; and that Six hundred of his Majesty's Subjects, Fugitives for Debt, have returned, an I reaped the Benefit of that Act: And by the Returns of the Lifts from the Country Gaols, it appears, that many Hundred Persons are ftiil confined there, who were Prisoners for Debt before the Twenty-ninth Day of September 1728, from which Time the said Act took place.

The Committee came to the following Resolutions; viz

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That effectual Provision be made, to prevent the Judges, their Clerks, and Servants, from receiving any Fees, Gifts, Presents, or any Gratuities whatsoever, from the Gaoler or Keeper of any Prison, or from any Officer, intruded with the Custody of the Prisoners, or any Person impowered by them.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That is is necessary to make further Provision, for the discovering, collecting, distributing, and accounting ior, the Charities, belonging to the King's Bench Prison.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is necessary to make further Provision for Creditors, for the more easy and effectual Recovery of Debts and Damages, on the Escapes of Prisoners from the King's Bench Prison.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is necessary to make further Provision, for the better Preservation of the Peace within the King's Bench Prison, and the Rules thereof.

APPENDIX.

Examination of John Wildey.

A. JOHN Wildey, being examined the 1 ith Day of

March 1729, faith. That he, This Examinant hath learched the Records at the lower, and also at the Chapel of the Rolls, for the original Grant from the Crown of the Office of Marshal and Prison of the King's Bench, but could not find the fame, or any other Deed, or Conveyance, relating to the said Office, either to Mr. Lentball, or the Duke of; and that he, this

Examinant, doth not know, what Title the said Lentball had thereto.

Examination of John Jones, Esquire.

B. John Jones, Esquire, being examined the 16th Day of March 1729, faith, That he was concerned for late Earl of Radnor in the Sale of the said Earl's Interest in the Office of Marshal and Prison of the King's Bench-, and that he, this Examinant, remembers the Payment of the Consideration Money for the lame, and that upwards of £. 10,000. was paid to the said Earl in this Examinant's Presence; and this Examinant believes, that the whole Consideration Money, being £. 10,500. was then paid to the said Earl.

Examination

Enquiry into

rhe S r.rc of Gaols.

Enquiry the State Gaolt*

t2d Maiu 1730,

Examination of Mr. jasper into y<tfper Blythman, Gentleman, being examined the 13th Day of March 1729, faith, that he saw the late Earl of Radnor figo the Receipt, now produced to him, this Examinant, for io,$co. and that his, this Examinant'^ Name, subscribed, as a Witness to the said Receipt, is of this Examinant's proper Hand-writing. And this Examinant further faith, that hecartnot, at this Distance of Time, say, whether the Money was paid at the Time of signing the said Receipt, but doth believe, that the same was then paid; for that otherwise the said Earl would not have signed the said Receipt, nor should this Examinant have witnessed the fame; and also for that, by the Sale of the Office of Marflia! and Prison of the King's Bench, and of an Estate in Wales, the said Earl rendered his Circurnstances, which before that Time were very unealy, and unsettled, intirely ealy.

Lord Radnor's Receipt for £. 10,560. produced by Mr. Wildey, 13th March 1729.

I, The Right honourable Charles Bodville, Earl of Radnor, do hereby acknowledge, that I have this Twentieth Day of September 1718, received of Joseph Studley, of London, Gentleman, the Sum of Ten thousand and

Five hundred Pounds, of lawful Money of Great Britain, being the Consideration of and for my assigning to him, by an Indenture, bearing equal Date herewith, and made, or expressed to be made, between me, the said Earl, of the one Part, and the said Joseph Studley, and Hall der, and John Allen, of London, Gentlemen, of the other Part, the Debt remaining due to me upon several Securities, made by William Lent hall , Esquire, deceased, to Sir John Cutler, Knight and Baronet, deceased, and secured by the Office of Marshalof the Marshalsea of the King's Bench, the Consideration of which Assignment is in the said Indenture mentioned to be a competent Sum of Money, paid by him, the said Joseph Studley, to me; and therefore of and from the said Consideration Money, and every Part thereof, and all Demands concerning the same,

I do hereby acquit and discharge the said Joseph Studley. Witness my Hand the Day and Year abovesaid.

Radnor.

Witness, Jof Blythman,

John Martin,

William Batty.

C. An Account of the Shares of the several Proprietors of the King's Bench: Delivered by Mr. John Wildey, 13 March 1729.

aoth September 1718, Lord Radnor assigns to Mr. Studley for £. 10,500.

24th September 1718, Mr. Studley declares, that the £. 10,500. was the Money of Richard Hottlditch and Robert Knight, Esquires, Thomas Martin and Wm. King, Goldsmiths, and William Martin, Gentleman, and by them paid in equal Shares, wz. £. 2,100. a-piece.

4th December 1718, Mr. King fold his Fifth Part to Mr. Crull, for £.2,178. 15 s.

31 Mar. 1720, Mr. Crull assigned to Surman for

£*>775*

Note: Upon Surman's Forfeiture, it became vested in the Trustees of the South Sea Company.

1727. The Trustees assigned to Richard Bishop Surman' % Share for £. 1,555.

21 Mar. 1728, Mr. Bishop assigned his Share to Mr. Preston for £. 1,821.

4 December 1718, Mr. Houlditch fold his Fifth Part to Richard Capper for £. 2,200.

20 Feb. 1720. Note: Mr. Capper acknowledged, that he was only a Trustee for Mr. Bowman.

Note: Mr. Bowman, by Will, gave his Fifth to Mr.

Thomas and John Martin, in Trull,

4 Apr. 1720. Mr. Thomas Martin fold one Fourth of his Fifth Part to Mr. Studley for £. 525.

1721. Mr. Knight' % Fifth Part became forfeited to the Trustees of the South Sea Company.

1727. The Trustees of the South Sea Company assigned Mr. Knight' % Fifth Part to Mr. Thomas Martin for£. 1,605.

8th Ap. 1721, Mr. H^ilUam Martin assigned one Moiety of his Fifth Part to Mr. John Martin for £. i,2oo. and afterwards the said Mr. William Martin afligtied the other Moiety to said John Martin.

Examinations of Mr. Joseph Studley, the 9th, nth, and 13th, March 1729, at the Committee, appointed to enquire into the State of the Gaols of this Kingdom.

Joseph Studley, being examined the 9th Day of March 1729, faith, that he is entitled to one Twentieth Part of the Office of Marflia! and Prison of the King's Bench-, and that he hath had fuel) Share ever Gnce the Year 1718} and that he paid for the same 525. at Twd Payments, in or about October 1718, to the Use of Mn Wm. Martin. And this Examinant further faith, that the whole Debt, due to the Earl of Radnor on the said Premises, was assigned to this Examinant ;.and that he, this Examinant, has all along received the Rents and Profits of the said Premisses for all the Proprietors thereof, and hath from time to time accounted with Mr, and Mr.

Wildey, who-have all fuel) Accounts, as also all the Tide-deeds, and Writings, relating ro the said Office of Mar-Ihal and Prison of the King's Bench, in their c one of their Custody; and that he, this Examinant, hath been allowed £. 5. a Term for his Trouble. And this Examinant further faith, that the Book, now produced by this Exaroi* nant, doth contain a true Account of all Alienations of Offices, Fines, and other Profits, of the said Office of Marshal and Prison of the King's Bench, which have come, to the Hands or Knowledge of this Examinant. And the said Examinant being aiked, whether he doth not apprehend himself liable to make good Escapesj he, this Examinant, faith, that he is not liable thereto, it having been so determined, upon a Trial at Law, in Poulter' % Cafe. And this Examinant further faith, that both Mac hen, the late Mar.shal, and Mr. Mullens, the present Marshal, of the King's Bench, were appointed Marshal since this Examinant's said Purchase, and with this Examinant's Con fen t } and that both the said Marshals gave Security, for Payment of the Rent; but that no Security was taken from either of them, to answer, or make good, Escapes, or for good Behaviour.'

And the said Joseph Studley, being again examined cn the nth Day ol March 1729, faith, that he was present at the Execution of the Purchase Deeds, dated the 20th of September 1718, by the late Earl of Radnorand then saw the said Earl sign the Receipt for^. 10,500. Consideration Money, and did then also lee Mr. William Martin pay unto the said Earl several Bank Notes at Mr.

Chambers in the Temple, but how much, in the Whole, was paid to the said Earl, this Examinant doth not know.

And the said Examinant, being again examined on the 13th Day of March 1729, faith, that he hath used his best Endeavours to find out Ls Title to the Office of Marshal and Prison of the King's Bench, but hath not been able to difoover the lame, nor can give any other Account thereof, than that he, this Examinant, hath been informed by Mr. Martin, that the Title-deeds of the said Office were lodged in the House of Lords, upon the passing of an Act of Parliament, relating to the said Prison, in the 8th and 9th Years of the Reign of King William the Third.

Examination of James Siam.

D. I. James Slann, Footman to Thomas Martin, Esquire, being examined the 6th Day of March 1729, and aiked, what Property he has in the Prison of the Bing's Bench, fays, that he is a nominal Trustee for the Heirs of Mr. Lenthall. And this Examinant being aiked, what he means by a nominal Trustee, and by whom he was appointed such Trustee; he lays, he does not know, what a nominal Trustee is, nor by whom he was appointed such: And being aiked, how he knows, he is a nominal Trustee he fays, he is informed, that he is such, but does not know, by whom he was so informed.

And this Examinant being aiked, whether he signed and sealed the Deed, now shewn to him, and by whole

Order

3 Geo. II. 12°

Order he so executed the fame; he fays, be did sign and seal the said Deed by the Order of his Matter, Mr. Martin. And the said Examinant being asked, how long it is since he executed the said Deed, and who was present, when he executed the same; he fays, he does not know, how long it is, since he executed the said Deed, nor who was present at such Execution, except Mr. John Wildey, who was then present. And the said Examinant being asked, whether he ever read, or heard read, the said Deed, or knows the Contents thereof, laith, that he never did read, or hear read, the said Deed, nor knows the Contents thereof; and that he, this Examinant, hath signed and sealed several Deeds, without reading, or hearing the same read, or knowing the Contents of the fame.

And this Examinant being asked, whether, at the Time of his executing the said Deed, he apprehended, he should reap any Benefit by his executing the fame, or that he was thereby liable to answer any Escapes, and whether he was able to make good Escapes, that might happen, or to pay Four or Five thousand Pounds on that Occasion; he, this Examinant, faith, that he knew not, whether he was to reap any Benefit by his signing the said Deed; and that he did not apprehend, by signing the fame, he was liable to make good any Escapes, that happened; and faith, that, if any Escapes should happen, he is not able to make good or pay for the lame.

Examination of Mr. John

D. 2. John Wildey, being examined the 6th Day of March, 1729, and being asked, what Property he has in the King's Bench Prison, faith, that he is a Trustee for the Heirs of Lent hall, and was nominated such Trustee at the Request of John , Esquire, in a

Deed, now shewn to this Examinant; and that he, this Examinant, by the verbal Order of the said Mr. and of Mr. Thomas Martin, Mr. Studley, and Mr. Preston, did execute the other Deed, now also shewn to this Examinant.

And this Examinant being asked, whether he does not apprehend himself liable to answer Escapes, or who is liable to make good the fame; he, this Examinant, faith, that he doth not apprehend himself, or any of the Proprietors of the King's Bench Prison, answerable for Escapes j but that the Marshal of the said Prison is liable to make good the same; and that he, this Examinant, was never put to any Trouble upon account of Escapes. And this Examinant, being asked, whether the said Marshal has given any, and what Security, to answer Escapes; this Examinant faith, that the said Marshal has given no other Security for that Purpose, than his own personal Security, by a Covenant, contained in the said last mentioned Deed; but this Examinant apprehends, that, if any Escapes shall happen, which the said Marshal shall not be able to make good, the Heirs of Lenthall will be liable to make good the fame. And this Examinant further faith, that he doth not, nor ever did, receive any Rent whatsoever from the Marshal of the King's Bench, nor ever sign any Receipt for Rent. And the said Examinant being asked, whether he ever received any surplus Money for the Heirs of Lenthall; he, this Examinant faith, that he never did receive any such surplus Money.

Examination of Mr. John Preston.

Mr. John Preston, being examined the 9th Day of March, 1729, faith, that he, this Examinant, is entitled to One Fifth Part , the Whole into Five equal Parts being divided, in the Office of Marshal of the King's Bench, and the Prison thereof, with the Buildings, and Appurtenances, thereto belonging; and that he purchased the same in May last, of Bichard to whom this

Examinant paid Eighteen hundred and Twenty-one Pounds for the said Share; and that the said thereupon assigned to this Examinant all the Estate and Interest of him, the said Richard Bishop, in the said Premisses; the Profits whereof being ul'ually accounted for by Joseph Studley, the Receiver thereof, every Term,

this Examinant faith, that he hath received, for his Share Vot. 21.

of the said Profits, ^jght-and-twenty Pounds each Term, or thereabouts.

And the said Examinant being asked, whether he does not think himself liable to make good Escapes of Prisoners, that may happen, faith, he hath been advised, and doth apprehend, that he is not liable thereto, being only a Mortgagee.

And the Sid Examinant being asked, whether Mr. Mullens was made Marshal of the King's Bench since this Examinant's said Purchase, and with this Examinant's Consent, and whetherthe said Mullens had given Security, to answer or make good Escapes; this Examinant faith, that the said Mullens was made Marshal since the Purchase, and with the Consent of this Examinant; and that he, this Examinant, doth not know, that any Security has been given by the said Mullens, to answer or make good any Escapes.

The further Examinations of Mr. Richard

Marshal of the King's Bench Prison, taken before the Committee of the House of Commons, appointed to inspect the Gaols of this Kingdom, this 21st Day of February, 1729, and 9th of April, 1730.

This Examinant faith, that he is Marshal of the King's Bench Prison, and appointed by the Proprietors, viz. Thomas Martin, William MJohn Alar tin, John Preston, and Joseph Studley, Esquires: That the said Proprietors have a Right to present a Marshal of the said Prison to the Court of King s Bench, who are to approve and confirm the said Marshal; and, after he is sworn in before the said Court, he is then in full Possession of the said Office. This Examinant further laith, that in the Year 1724 he applied to the said Joseph Studley, in order for to get the Office of Marshal to the King's Bench Prison, and by Meansof the said Joseph Studley was introduced to the other Proprietors, whom he, met at -

way'sCoffee-house towards the End of the Year 1724, where the said Proprietors, viz. Thomas Martin, John Martin, and Joseph Studley, Esquires, and, as he thinks, Wm. Martin, were present; who proposed to the said Examinant, that they, the said Proprietors, would present him to the Court of King's Bench, as Marshal of the said Prison, and grant him, Mullens, a Leaf* of the said Office and Prison for the Space of Five Years, with a Right of Renewal for Three Years, after the Expiration of the said Term, on Condition of paying to the said Proprietors the annual Sum of Eight hundred Pounds, and also the further annual Sum of about Twenty Pounds, as a Quit-rent, and to allow to the Chamberlain of the said Prison, appointed by the Proprietors, the usual Profits of the said Office, which he hath since compounded with the said Chamberlain, for the yearly Sum of Thirty Pounds; and that the said Proprietors further told him, that, over and above the said Sums, he, the Marshal, before he was approved of, and sworn into the said Office, mutt pay One hundred Guineas to the Lord Chief Justice of the King's Bench, and a further Sum of Fifty Guineas to each of the Three Puisne Judges of the said Court: That he, this Examinant, objected to all these Demands, as too exorbitant, from the Impossibility of fairly raising the said Sums; to which the said Proprietors answered, that, if he, Alullens, refused to take the said Office on these Conditions, many others would gladly accept of this Otter; and that the former Marshals had made a great deal of Money of the said Office, and, particularly, Mr. Machen, had got between Two and Three thousand Pounds by it: This Examinant replied, that ho Person could make such a Profit honestly; and if any one got so much Money in the said Office, it mutt be by giving Liberty to some of the Prisoners, and running away with them: To which the said John and Thomas Martin, or one of them, answered, that he, Mullens, mutt take his Chance for that, for he took the said Office with his Eyes open. And this Examinant further faith, that he agreed with the said Proprietors for the said Office and Prison, and a Grant of the same was made to him, and executed on the

7 H 14th

Enquiry mm the State of Gaoh.

582 12° 1730.

Enquiry into 14th Day of January, 1724, by , a

the State of Hackney Writer to the said John or one of them.

Gaol*. with the Content of the said Joseph Studley; and that on or before the Twenty-third Day of the said Month of January, he, Mullens, gave a Purse, containing One hundred Guineas, into the Hands of Sir John Prat, the then Lord Chief Justice of the King's Bench, and one other Purse, containing Fifty Guineas, to Mr. Justice and the like Sum to Mr. Justice Poms; and he offered the like Sum to Sir Robert Raymond, then one of the Puisne Judges of the said Court, who refused the fame, saying, he dtd not know, any such Fee was due, and that if it was not a legal Fee, he would not take it; but that he would inform himself of the Lord Chief Justice, and the other Judges; and some Days after, the said Sir Robert Raymond did accept of the said Sum, having, as he informed this Examinant, seen the Lord Chief Justice, and the other Judges of the said Court: And this Examinant has heard, and believes, that no Marshal was ever approved of, and sworn into the said Office, without making the said Presents, except himself, who, on the Renewal of his Grant of the said Office and Prison, was sworn into the said Office on the Twenty-fifth Day of January last, 1729, without making the said Presents to the Judges. And he, Mullens, further faith, that the Marshal usually gave, every Christmas, Twenty Guineas to the Lord Chief Justice of the King's Bench, and Ten Guineas to each of the Puisne Judges of the said Court; but that Sir Robert Raymond, the present Chief Justice, has always refused the said Sum, but desired, he would not mention such Refusal, left his Successors should think, he lessened their Perquisites: And further faith, that Mr. Justice Reynolds did accept of the Ten Guineas, but sent the said Sum, by his Clerk, to be distributed among the Prisoners of the said Prison: And further faith, That all the Judges of the said Court refused to take the said Presents last Christmas.

R. Mullens.

At the Committee, appointed to enquire into the State of the Gaols of this Kingdom.

The laid Richard Mullein, being examined this Ninth Day of April, 1730, in the most solemn Manner, faith, that the ab'6ve-written Examination, and every Part thereof, is true.

R. Mullens.

The said Richard Mullens further faith, that the Lease, by which he agreed to pay Eight hundred Pounds Annum to the said Proprietors, was, by the Interposition of the Lord Chief Justice Prat, cancelled, and a new Lease granted, of the same Date, which is the Lease last expired.

R. Mullens.

Examination of Mr. Richard Mullens, Marshal of the Kings Bench Prison, 21 ft February, 1729.

About Five Months ago all the Judges or the King's Bench ordered Mr. Mullens to give the Proprietors Notice to attend them at the Lord Chief Justice's Chambers, and they all met accordingly. My Lord Chief Justice then told the Proprietors, the Occasion of fending for them was, to acquaint them, that they, the Judges, were of Opinion, that there would be a Parliamentary Enquiry into their Prison, as there had been of others; and, though, they apprehended, they had no direct Right to make any Order upon them, the Proprietors, yet they recommended it to them, the Proprietors, to alter the exorbitant Rent, they now let it at; and, though they imagined, they were secure under an Act of Parliament, yet it was their Opinion, that the Parliament would construe it, that by their letting it at such exorbitant Rents, and to People without sufficient Security, and obscure People permitted to covenant for it, that Escapes would be deemed voluntary in them, as if they had acted themselves as Marshal; that they themselves would be liable to make good the Escapes, and forfeit their Office.

R. Mullens.

At the Committee appointed to enquire into the State of the Gaols of this Kingdom.

The said Rickard Mullens, being examined this Ninth Day of April, 1730, in the most solemn Manner, faith, that the above-written Examination, and ever Part thereof, is true.

R. Mullens.

The Fourth Examination of Mr Mullens, in the most solemn Manner, 9th April, 1730.

At the Committee, appointed to enquire into the State of the Gaols of this Kingdom.

E. Richard Mullens, Marshal of the King's Bench Prison, being examined this 9th Day of April, 1730, in the most solemn Manner, faith, that he, this Examinant, hath lived within the Rules of the said Prison, and been converlant therein, for the Space of Ten or Eleven Years; and that in or about the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-three, one Poulter was committed to the Custody of Richard Machen, then Marshal, in Execution, for £. 18,000. and upwards, at the Suit of William Wilson; and that soon afterwards the said Macben gave the said Poulter the Liberty of the Rules, for 260 Guineas, or thereabouts, and took a Bond from the said Poulter's Brother, for £. 1,000. as the said Macben informed this Examinant, and in about Ten Days after the said Poulter obtained the Liberty of the Rules, he escaped to Holland, and there continues, as this Examinant is allb informed: And thereupon the said Wilson brought an Action, in the Court of King's Bench, against the said Machen, for the said Escape, and recovered Judgment for the said Debt; and afterwards the said Wilson moved the said Court, that the Profits of the Office of Marshal and Prison of the King's Bench might be sequestered for the said Debt; and the Court referred it to the Mailer of the King's Bench Office, to state the Account of the Mortgagees; and the said Mailer reported due to themjf. i8,oco. ap.d the said could not obtain any Satisfaction, and soon afterwards (hot himself, in Despair, at an Inn in Barnaby Street, which, this Examinant believes, was called St. Christophers. And this Examinant further faith, that the said Machen is now a Prisoner, in the Custody of this Examinant, at the Suits of Elizabeth and A me Wilson, the Administratrixes of the said Wm. Wilson, and also at the Suits of Benjamin Arnold and Christopher Thzvai/es; and that several other Prisoners, besides the said Poulter, did escape, during the Time that the said Blacken was Marshal; and that the Rent of the Office and Prison is so exorbitant, that no Person of good Substance would take the said. Office; and that it has been customary for former Marshals to suffer Escapes, to enable them to raise Money to pay their Ren.t, and to get their Livelihood.

R. Mullens.

The Examinations of Mr. Mullens, Marshal of the King's Bench Prison, taken 23d February, 1729, and 9th April, 1730.

This Examinant faith, that Knight and Surmait being possessed of Two Fifths of the Office of Marshal of the Prison of the King's Bench, as he is informed, Thomas Martin, Esquire, and Richard Bishop, Tipftalf of the Court of Common Pleas, purchased those Two Fifths of the Trustees of the South Sea Company, for the Sum of Sixteen hundred Pounds each, as this Examinant is also informed, and some time about Twelve Months since, Mr. Preston, Clerk of the Vintners Company, purchased Mr. Bijkop's laid Fifth; but knows not, what Sum of

Money was paid for it: That he computes the Fees, which he has actually received, as Marshal of the Prison, to amount to about Fifty Pounds annually, before they were lately reduced j and that he expects, very little will arise from those Fees for the future: That what induced him to take a new Grant of the said Office and Prison, at a Rent of Seven hundred and Fifty Pounds, was, from an Assurance given him by Mr. Studley, one of the Pro pri tors, of an Intention of the Proprietors to reduce h

Ren

3 Geo. II. t 2° Mad.

Rent to Four hundred Pounds, the Judges having recommended such Red u£l ion, and in further Hopes, that, if the Government should take the Gaol into their Hands, he (Mullens) might be appointed Martha] of it: That the Profit chiefly arises from giving the Liberty of the Rules to the Prisoners, which were greatly enlarged by the late Chief Justice Pratby the Addition of St. George's Fields, to the Rules, on Application of the Prisoners to the Court of King's Bench; but, having kept no Account of these Profits, he can't fey, what they annually produce: That he believes there are generally upwards of One hundred and twenty Prisoners, who enjoy the Liberty of the Rules; but that he will deliver in a particular Account of them to the Committee: That, on his being admitted Marshal, he had no Prisoners delivered to him, but such, as were within the House, under the Key, which did not exceed Seven ty-seven; but that he had no Account given him of all the Prisoners, that Had the Liberty of the Rules granted them by his Predecessor, Machen, nor does he apprehend himself to be charged or chargeable therewith: He is informed, and believes, that great Numbers of those Prisoners, who then enjoyed the Rules, made their Escape, when Machen run away; and believes, he has an Authority, by virtue of a Rule of Court, the Copy of which is delivered to the Committee, to re-take, and lock up, any of those Prisoners, if he

thinks fit; but that he is not by such Rule obliged to re- Enquiry fore

take them, and thereby make himself liable; and believes, thCQ*

this has been the Practice of all former Marshals, for

many Years, since the Office has been in the Hands of

particular Proprietors: That his other Profits arise to him

by Groats out of the Judgments and Bails in the Court of King's Bench, paid him by the Mailer of the King's

Bench Office, which he computes at about One hundred Pounds annually: That he lets the Profit of his Tap,

and Sutlerage, to one Metcalf,a Brewrerof Greenwich, for

One hundred Guineas Fine, and One hundred Guineas

yearly: That he has One Shilling out of every Day Rule,

which he computes to be worth to him about Thirty-

five Pounds per Annum: That he has One Shilling for every Night, that a Prisoner lies in a Spunging-house,

which he computes to be worth about Thirty Pounds

yearly: And these, he declares, are the only Methods, by

which he makes any Profits.

R. Mullens.

At the Committee, appointed to enquire into the State of the Gaols of this Kingdom.

The said Richard Mullens, being examined this Ninth Day of April, 1730, in the moll solemn Manner, faith, that the above-written Examination, and every Part thereof, is true.

R. Mullens.

F. A Lift of the Names of the several Persons, who have executed the Office of Marshal of the Court of King's Bench, from the Year 1668, the Dates of their several Admissions, and how long they respectively continued in the said Office, as appears per the several Books of Entry, which are now in Custody of Mr, Richard,

present Marshal of the said Court.

Delivered by the said Mr. Mullens,

Marshal* Names. Admitted. How long continued.

Mr. Steph. Mafdell - Feb. 12 th, 1668: - To Ap. 23d, 1672.

Mr. Thomas Money - - - Apr.24, 1672: - - To Off. 21, 1675.

From the Year - - 1675, - - To the Year 1684, Books wanting.

Mr. Henry Glover May 20th, 1684: - - - To Apr. 12th, 1688.

Mr. Coke - m Apr. 15th, 1687: - - To November 9th, 1687.

Mr. Philpot m - November 23d, 1688: - - To May 31st, 1690.

Mr. Will. Briggs - - June 2d, 1690: - - To Off. 3d, 1693.

From the Year - - 1693» - - To the Year 1696, Books wanting.

Mr. George Taylor m - May 2d, 1696: - - To Feb.23d, 1698.

Mr. Godfrey Gimbert - - - December 29th, 1698: - - To Mar. 29th, 1701.

Mr. William Sutton - - - Mar. 15th, 1700: - - - To November 10th, 1703.

Mr. Fr. Southward - November nth, 1703: - - The Continuance uncertain: Book cut.

Mr. Will. Broughton - - May 6th, 1706: - - To Feb. 13th, 1711.'

Mr. Moses Cook - ~ Febr. 14th, 17 ij: - - - To Feb. 7th, 1715.

Mr. David Crawford mm m Febr. 9th, 1715: m - To Mar. 8th, 1721.

Mr. Rickard Mai hen - - Mar.24th, 1721: - - - To Jan. 20th, 1724.

Mr. Rich. Mullens m - January 24th, 1724: - - Present Marshal.

G. Copy of a Rule of Court, for the new Marshal to retake such Prisoners, as had the Liberty of the Rules granted by his Predecessors.

Die Mercurii, in Quinden' Sc*1 Hillarii, Anno 11° Georgii Regis.

Ordinat* eft, quod marr' marefc* hujus cur' recapiat omnes prisonar' ad largum existen' necnon omnes prisonar' qui fccer' escap' e prison' mar' & non legitime exonerantur e prison' pr' & ducat eos in prison' pr.

Ex motione Mr‘ Ketleby, per cur.

Examination of Mr. John Morris.

H. John Morris, Deputy Marshal of the King's Bench Prison, being examined this 21st Day of February, 1729, fays, that he was appointed Deputy Marshal of the King's Bench, by Charles, Earl of above Twenty

Years ago, but hath not the Grant now with him, and paid Fifty Pounds to Thomas , for the said Earl, by way of Alienation, and a considerable Sum to him, the said Cook, who was then Deputy Marshal, and is since dead, for his surrendering to this Examinant; and that he paid a further Sum of Ten Guineas to one,

the then Marshal, and Twenty Guineas to the Lord

Vol. 21.

Chief Justice Holt, which, as far as this Examinant remembers, he gave to him with his own Hands.

Being asked, in what Manner the Office was furren-dered; fays, that Cook surrendered the Office to Lord Radnor, Two Days before Lord Radnor granted the Office to the Examinant.

Being asked, what was the Business of Deputy Mkr-shal; fays, that now the Business of Deputy Marshal is to attend the Court of King's Bench, with the Lord Chief Justice, wheresoever he goes; but formerly the Offices of Deputy Marshal, and Clerk of the Papers, were annexed; and now the Fees are given in jointly together.

Being asked, if he ever gave any thing, by way of Christmas Box, to the Judges, or any Officers under them; fays, that there was a Table kept in the Lord Chief Justice Holt's Time, and now he sometimes eats at the Lord Chief Justice's Table; and he has given at Half a Crown, orfo, to each Servant.

23d February, 1729. John Morris,

Deputy MarlhaL

Examination

584

12° Mail.

A. 1730.

Enquiry into the State of Gaols.

Examination of Samuel Woodham, Esquire, 7th April, his Lordship's this Examinant did communicate to Mr.

1730. his, this Examinant's, Attorney} who there-

At the Committee, appointed to enquire into the State upon insisted before the said Mr. Clark, that the said of the Gaols of this Kingdom. Article should be disallowed; but the said Mr.

I. Samuel Woodham, Esquire, one of his Majesty's not being satisfied therewith, did attend the said Lord Justices of the Peace for the County of Surry, being Chief Justice alone, for his Directions therein; and the examined the 7th Day of April, 1730, in the most solemn said Mr. Clark, at his Return from the said Lord Chief Manner, faith, that he, this Examinant, having in the Justice, did declare, that his Lordftup directed, that this Month of December, 1728, committed, for want of Sure- Examinant should pay all Costs, as well the said £.8. ties, to the County Gaol of Surry, Humphry Heyhord and and upwards, as other the Costs, contained in the said Joseph Allen, for violent Assaults committed by them; Bill; and this Examinant hath been obliged to pay the and Richard Mullens, Marshal of the Court of King's same accordingly.

Bench, having threatened to move the said Court against this Examinant for so doing, he, the said Mullens, alleging, that the said Heyhord and Allen were then Prisoners in the Custodyof him, the said Mullens} this Examinant, together with Sir John Gon/on, did, about Three Weeks before the then next Term, wait upon the Lord Chief Justice of the said Court, and acquaint him therewith: To which his Lord ship answered, that what this Examinant had done, was very right; and that this Examinant should proceed in the same Manner against all Offenders in the like Cafes; and that he would support or protest this Examinant therein, or to that Effed. And this Examinant further faith, that the said Mullens, as he had before

Samuel Woodham.

Examination of Sir John Gonjon in the most solemn Manner.

At the Committee, appointed to enquire into the State of the Gaols of this Kingdom.

Sir John Gonjon, Knight, being examined the Ninth Day of April, 1730, in the most solemn Manner, faith, that about Sixteen or Eighteen Months (nice, Samuel Woodham, Esquire, one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Surry, desired this Examinant to accompany him to the Lord Chief Justice of the King's Bench, to inform him, that he, the said Mr. Woodham,

threatened, did accordingly, in Hilary Term, 1728, had been threatened with Trouble, for having executed move the Court of King's Bench, that an Attachment b,.s committing Persons, who were Prisoners

might be awarded against this Examinant, for this Exa- within the Rules of the Kings on account of Mif-

minant's having committed the said Heyhord and Allen to demeanors by them committed, to the County Gaol of the said County Gaol, as aforesaid, although the County Surry, which County Gaol this Examinant believes to be Gaol is within the Rules of the Kings Bench Prison; and Wlthm the Rules of the K;^ r Bench Pnlon: That they

thereupon a Rule having been granted by the said Court, for this Examinhnt to shew Cause, whv such Attachment should not be awarded against him, he, this Examinant, did attend with his Counsel Eight Days, or thereabouts.

found the said Chief Justice at his Chambers in Serjeants Inn; and that there passed a long Conversation between the said Lord Chief Justice, Mr. Woodhaand this Ex-

aminant, all the Particulars whereof this Examinant can-

in order to shew Cause against such Attachment, and to not take upon him to remember; but, upon the Whole, represent to the said Court, as he had before done to the th,e said V>rd Chlef JuR,ce rec'ed with great Ci-said Lord Chief Justice, the Reasons, why this Exami- yihty and did not then seem to blame the fkme Mr. nant had committed the said Heyhord and Allen to the said ham > but th,s Examinant very well remembers, that the County Gaol, which Reasons are contained in an Affidavit, made by this Examinant in the said Court. And this Examinant laith, that, before this Examinant's Counsel could be heard, the said Court declared, that this Examinant, in committing the said Heyhord and Allen, being Prisoners in the Custody of the said Marshal, to the said County Gaol, upon any Pretence whatsoever, and notwithstanding that such County Gaol was within the Rules

said Lord Chief Justice then said, that he would support the said Mr. Woodham, and the Gentlemen in the Commission of the Peace, as far as he could by Law; or used Words to that Effed.

J. Gon/on.

Examination of Mr. Joseph Mason.

K. Mr. Joseph Mason, Clerk to the Lord Chief Justice of the Court of King's Bench, being examined the 16th

of the Prison of the King's Bench, was guilty of a Rescuc, Day of March, 1729, faith, that he, this Examinant, or to that effect; and the Counsel for the said Mullens hath always received the Exhibition Money, belonging then moving, that he, the said Mullens, might be at Li- to the King's Bench, and also the said Lord Chief Juf-berty to sue this Examinant for the Rescues, or Escapes, tide's Share of the high Bar Money, which high Bar of the said Heyhord and Allen, this Examinant was asked Money has been given away by the said Lord Chief by the said Court, whether he, this Examinant, was will- Justice to charitable Uses. And this Examinant further " ing to pay unto the said Mullens his Costs; to which this /aith, he believes that the high Bar Money doth belong Examinant, by the Advice of his Counsel, and to avoid to the said Lord Chief Justice, and that be hath a Right further Prosecutions, answered, that he was willing to pay to dispose of the fame, as he thinks fit. the lame. And this Examinant faith, that thereupon a Bill of Costs was delivered, by the Attorney for the said Mullens, to this Examinant, amounting to Thirty-one Pounds, and upwards; in which was included one Article of^.8. and upwards, for Expences, which the said Mullens alleged he had been at, in removing into the Crown Office several Indictments, which had been preferred against the said Allen and Heyhord, for Misdemeanors,

Examination of Thomas Backhouse, Steward to the common Side, &c.

At the Committee, appointed to enquire into the State of the Gaols of this Kingdom.

L. Thomas Backhouse, being examined the 7th Day of April, 1730, in the most solemn Manner, faith, that last Michaelmas Term the Lord Chief Justice of the

they had been guilty of, no ways relating to those, for Court ot King's Bench gave Furniture for the sick Wards which they had been committed by this Examinant, as of the Bench Prison; upon which the Marshal

aforesaid: And the said Bill of Costs being referred to Mr. of the said Prison told this Examinant, that the Wards Clark, Mailer of the King's Bench Office, for a Taxa- were not in a fit Condition to receive the Furniture, tion; and a Dispute arising, touching the said Article, of and that cheyought to be repaired; which this Examinant £.8. and upwards, so charged, for removing the said In- understood to be at the Expence of the Prisoners: And didnicnts, as aforesaid; this Examinant did attend the accordingly this Examinant ordered the said lick Wards, said Lord Chief Justice, for his Opinion, whether this Ex- or Rooms, to be repaired; and called the Prisoners toge-aminant ought to pay the lame; and his Lordship then ther, and told them, that the Marshal said, it was fitting, declared to this Examinant, he apprehended, the said the sick Rooms should be repaired, before the Lord Court did not mtan, or intend, that this Examinant should Chief Just ce's Furniture should be put up; and aiked pay those Costs; or to that Effect: Which Declaration of them, whether they were consenting, it should be done;

24 and

oog ie

I!'.

I'-

} t. I:.;

'i

<41-

V

r.

V

-1

'I;

r

k-

If],

\Z

i:

x'

) '

t

3 Geo. II. 1/2° — 585

Enquiry into and William Watson, and Thomas Maud, and others, * Saw of they were consenting; and this Examinant doth not Ga0 '* remembers that any Person refused to be contenting: And that this Examinant ordered Workmen to repair the said Rooms; and, when the Workmen demanded Money of him, he went to the Marshal, and desired him to fend this Examinant some Moneys: To which the Marshal told him, he might get the common Seal: And this Examinant accordingly applied to, the Prisoners, to sign a common Seal; and some of them refused to sign the fame, particularly, William Luca, who afterwards, upon Per-luafion, did sign, and William , who then refused,

- and hath not yet consented, to sign the said common Seal: notwithstanding which, this Examinant did obtain a common Seal, which the said Marshal signed; and this Examinant did present the said Seal to Gentleman, Clerk to the said Lord Chief Justice, in order to receive£.4. 14*. $d. for the said Repairs, out of the County Moneys, designed for the Subsistence of the poor Prisoners on the common Side in the King's Bench-, which the said Mafonrefufed to comply with, as not having any Moneys in his Hands. And this Examinant further faith, that he never knew any Money raised upon the Prisoners, nor taken out of the Charities, for Repairs: But, on Ilecolledion, faith, that he paid for the mending of the Windows out of the said County Moneys, designed for the Subsistence of the said poor Prisoners; and that he did this but once, about one Year since, or upwards. And this Examinant further faith, that he is Steward of the common Side of the said Prison, and was choie l'uch by the Prisoners about Two Years since, with the Approbation of the said Marshal.

and effectual Recovery of Debts and Damages, on the Escapes of Prisoners from the King's Bench Prison.

The Fourth Resolution of the Committee being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That it is necessary to make further Provision, for the better Preservation of the Peace within the King's Bench Prison, and the Rules thereof

Ordered, That the said Report, with the Appendix, be printed; and that Mr. Speaker do appoint the Printing thereof j and that no Person, but such, as he Hull appoint, do presume to print the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Scarborough the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for Writ. the electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Scarborough, in the County of York, in the room of Sir William Strickland, Baronet, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of his Majesty's Secretary at War.

Ordered, That Mr. Thompson, of Scarborough, do Carry Coal Trade* to the Lords the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of the Coal Trade; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment, made by their Lordships thereto.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Backhouse.

Seal for £.4. 14j. 5*. dated 21st 1729: Pro-

duced by Thom Backhouse, 7th Apr. 1730.

We, the present A ffi Hants of the common Side of the King's Betich Prison, by and with the Consent of the rest of our Fellow-prisoners, having examined the Accounts of Mr. Thomas Backhouse, our Steward, in reined to the Repairs in and about the sick Rooms in the said Prison, do find, that there is due to him, on that Account, the Sum of Four Pounds, Fourteen Shillings, Five Pence; and we do hereby desire Samuel Clark, Esquire, to affix hereto our House Seal, and Mr. 'Joseph Mason to pay to our said Steward the sum of £.4. 14*. $d. out of our County Money, as it is or shall become due to us; as Witness our Hands, this 21st Day cf March 1729.

R. Mullens, MarfluJ. Will. Watson, 1

Rcb. Greenwood, > Assistants.

Will.Lucas, j

J. Cowell,

John Giles,

Joseph Mott,

Edward Rufj'ett,

Rich. Whittaker.

The First Resolution of the Committee being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That effectual Provision be made, to prevent the Judges, their Clerks, and Servants, from receiving any Fees, Gifts, Presents, or any Gratuities whatsoever, from the Gaoler or Keeper of any Prison, or from any Officer intrusted with the Custody of the Prisoners, or.any Person impowered by them.

The Second Resolution of the Committee being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That it is necessary to make further Provision, for the discovering, collecting, distributing, and accounting for, the Charities, belonging to the King's Bench Prison.

The Third Resolution of the Committee being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That it is necessary to make further Provision for Creditors, for their more easy Vot. 31.

Mercurii, 130 die Mati;

Anno 3° Georgii IP* Regis, 1730.

Prayers.

AM E S S A G E from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr. Masham:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Supply Bill; for taking off certain Duties on Salt, and for making l)utic« on good any Deficiencies in the Funds, that may happen 54lt»&c* thereby; and for charging the reduced Annuity, payable to the East India Company, on the Aggregate Fund; and for Relief of Matthew Lyon, Executor of Matthew Page, deceased, in respect of the Duty for Salt, loft by the overflowing of the River Mercy in the Year 1724; without any Amendment:

And also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, Supply Bill; An Act for raising Five hundred and Fifty thoulitnd Exchequer Pounds by Exchequer Bills, towards the Supply granted ^c‘ to his Majesty; and for the further Application of the Sinking Fund; for applying the Arrears of former Land T axes; for appropriating the Supplies, granted in this Session of Parliament; and for giving Relief with respect to an Over-payment to the Land Tax, for the Year 1721, by the Receiver-general for the County of Salop; without any Amendment,:

And also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, D;fpute,

An Act to put an End to certain Disputes touching touching Orders and Decrees, made in the Court of Chancery, Orders in without any Amendment: hancery.

And also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, Cambridge, An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an &c. Road*. Ad, made in the Tenth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for repairing the Roads,

" leading from Slump Cross, in the Parish " in the County of E/Jex, to Newmarket Heath, and the " Town of Cambridge, in the County of and also an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of his laid late Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for repairing Part " of the Road from London to Cambridge, beginning at " the End of the Parish of Foulmire, in the said County,

" next to Barley, in the County of and ending

" at the Pavement in Trumpington Street, in the Town " of Cambridgef without any Amendment:

7 I And

Dudley's

forfeited

Estate,

Regulating

Juries.

586 130 — 14

1

And also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Relief of Dame Elizabeth , relating to an Estate in the Kingdom of , forfeited to the

Crown, during the Life of William her great

Uncle, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of Juries.

And the said Amendments were read, and are as follows} viz.

Press 1. L. 5, and 6. Leave out " County Palatine of " Chester," and insert " the Judge or Judges of the

" Sessions for the Counties Palatine of Lancaster, Chester,

" or Durham."

Press 2. L. 7. After " Church" leave out " or and, in the same Line, after " Chapel" leave out " or," and, instead thereof, insert " and everyand, in the same Line, after " other" insert " publick."

1 Press 3. L. 16. After " Conviction" leave out " to," and, indead thereof, insert " the same shall."

Press 4. L. 6. After " convicted," insert " upon an " Indictment."

L. 8. Leave out " said," and insert " same and, in the same Line, leave out " or Place," and, instead thereof, insert " Riding, Division, or Precinct."

L. 15. After " Sessions" insert " or the Judge or Judges of the Sessions for the said Counties " Palatine."

L. 25. After " Sessions" insert " or. the " Judge or Judges of the Sessions for the said Counties " Palatineand, in the same Line, after " may" insert " upon Examination in a summary, Way."

Press 4. L. 31. After " Sessions" insert " or the " Judge or Judges of the Sessions for the said Counties " Palatine."

L. 39. After " Selfions" insert " or at the " Sessions for the said Counties Palatine."

Press 5. L. 2. After " Sessions" insert "or the Judge " or Judges of the Selficns for the said Counties Palatine."

L. 14. After " Sessions" insert " or Sessions " for the said Counties Palatine."

L. 40. After " aforesaid" insert " or the " Judge or Judges of the Sessions for the said Counties " Palatine.*'

Press 6. L. 9. After "Sessions" insert " of the Peace." L. 16. After " often" insert " held."'

Press 7. L. 25. After " Juries" insert " the Names " of the same Persons to be inserted in the Pannel, annexed to every Venire facias for the Trial of all I flues " at the same Assizes in each respective County, which " Number of Jurors shall be."

Press 8. L. 22, 23. Leave out " or in the County Palatine of Chester."

Press 9. L. 3. After " Sessions" insert Clause A. Clause A. " And be it further enacted by the Authority aforefo'd, that every Sheriff, or other Officer, to " whom the Return of the Venire facias jurat ores, or " other Process, for the Trial of Causes before the " Justices of the Courts, or Sessions, to be held for the " Counties Palatine of Chester, Lancaster, or Durham, " doth belong, shall, Fourteen Days at the least before the said Courts, or Sessions, shall respectively be held, " summon a competent Number of Persons, qualified to " sene on Juries, so as such Number be not left than "48, nor more than 72, without the Direction of the " Judge or Judges of the Courts, or Sessions, to be held " for such Counties Palatine respectively, and shall, Eight " Days at the least before such Courts, or Sessions, shall " respectively be held, make or cause a List to be made " of the Persons, so summoned to lerve on Juries, containing their Christian and Surnames, Additions, and " Places of Abode; and the Lift, so made, shall forthwith be publickly hung up in the Sheriff's Office, to be " inspected and read by any Person or Persons whatso-

' Mail A. 1730.

" ever; and that the Persons named in such Lift, and " no other, shall be summoned to serve on Juries at the " next Courts, or Sessions, to be held for the said respective Counties Palatine; and the said Sheriff, or other " Officer, is hereby required to return such Lift on the " First Day of the Court, or Sessions, to be held for the " said Counties Palatine respectively; and the Persons lb " summoned, or a competent Number of them, as the "Judge or Judges of such Courts, or Sessions, respectively, shall direct, and no others, shall be named " in every Pannel, to be annexed to every Writ of Venire "facias jurat ores. Habeas corpora and Dislrin-

" gas, that shall be issued out, and returnable, for " the Trial of Causes in such Courts, or Sessions, " respectively."

Pr. 9. L. 12. After " Sessions" insert "or of the " Sessions for the said Counties Palatine."

L. 36. Leave out " till," and, instead thereof, insert " or until."

Pr. 10. L. 29. Leave out " County Palatine of " Chefer" and, instead thereof, insert " the said Counties

" Palatine."

Pr. 12. L. 17. After " Estate" insert " in Possession."

Pr. 13. L. 6. Leave out " Three," and, instead thereof, insert " One" and, in the same Line, after " Pounds'* leave out to the First " and, " in the 8th Line of the same Press.

Pr. 13. L. 13. Leave out from " Matter" to "And " be it further enacted," in the 6th Line of the next Press.

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, and Clause A, a Third time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Bramston do carry the Bill to the /Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments, made by their Lorbftiips.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovisy 14* die Maii;

Anno 30 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1730. Prayers.

AM E S S A C E from the Lords, by Mr. Lightbom and Mr. Kynaston:

Mr. Speaker* \

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing, and amending, an Act for regulating the Price and Assize of Bread; for Relief of Bankrupts, whole Certificates were not allowed before the Expiration of a late Act, for the better preventing Frauds, committed by Bankrupts; for inrolling Proceedings on Commissions of Bankrupts; for allowing further Time for Inrolment of Deeds, or Wilis, made by Papffts,- and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers and Lessees; and for making further Provision concerning Certificates, relating to the Settlements of poor Persons, and the Charges of maintaining, and removing, certificated Persons; with fume Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

And also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for explaining and amending an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " Relief of Debtors, with respect to the imprisonment " of their Persons," without any Amendment:

And also, the Lords have agreed: to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting Liberty to carry Rice from his Majesty's Province of Carolina, in America, directly to any Part of Europe, Southward of Capo Finisterre, in Ships, built in, and belonging to Great Britain, and navigated according to Law, without any Amendment:

And also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming a Patent, granted ,jiy her late Majesty Queen Anne, to William I Esquirt, decea!ed,

Price an! Afe of Bread, fee.

Imprison*

mem of Debtor!.

Carnlrf

Ri<e f.om Carolina.

skerries

Light*i ouif.

Thirfke

Writ.

Droitwich

Writ.

Price and Mire of Bicad>&c.

Newport

Writ.

Devon

Writ.

Notthnmpton

Writ.

3 Geo. II. 14° — 15 587

for ereftinga Light-house upon the Island, or Rock, called Skerries; and for the better Maintenance of the said Light-houl'e; and for making the Duties, granted for maintaining the lame, perpetual; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Thirjke, in the County of in this

room of Sir Thomas Frankland, Baronet, who, since has Elusion for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of one of the C; mmissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Droituich, in the County of Wor after, in the room of Thomas IVinnirg Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of one of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing, and amending, an Act for regulating the Price and Assize of Bread; for Relief of Bankrupts, whole Certificates were not allowed before the Expiration of a late Act, for the better preventing Frauds, commit;ed by Bankrupts; for inrolling Proceedings on Commissions of Bankrupts; for allowing further Time for Inrolment of Deeds, or Wi'ls, made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchaseis and Lessees j and for making further Provision concerning Certificates, relating to the Settlements of poor Persons, and the Charges of maintaining, and removing, certificated Persons.

And the Lid Amendments were read, and are as fellows; viz.

Piefs 4. L. 30. Leave out from notwithstanding" to " And," in the 15th Line of the 7th Press.

In the Title of the Bill, 6th and 7th Lines, Leave out " for inrolling Proceedings on Commissions of Bankrupts."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. A:cierman Barnard do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments, made by their Lordships.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk, of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Newport, in the County of Southampton, in the room of William Fortescue, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of one of his Majesty's Countll learned in the Law.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 150 die Maii;

Anno 3* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1730.

P R A V E RS.

/JRDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out anew Writ, for the electing a Knight of the Shire, to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Devon, in the room of John Rolle, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Knight of the Shire, to serve in this present P. riiament for the County of ,in the room

of Sir Justinian Isham , Baronet, deceased;

Vol. 21.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Andover the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Wnt* electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Andover, in the County of Southampton, in the room of the honourable James , Esquire,

who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of one of the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Berealftori Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bereafton, in the County of Devon, in the room of Sir Archer Croft, Baronet, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office ot one of the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations.

A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Charles Dalton, Royal Assent Gentlemen-usher of the Black Rod: to Bills.

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House, to attend his Majesty immediately in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty in the House of Peers; where his Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the leve-ral publick and private Bills following: viz.

An Act for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum,

Cyder and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year 1730; for exempting from the said Duties Cyder and Perry, uled for distilling; for ascertaining the Bounty for Malt exported; for better preventing Frauds in the making of Corn for Exportation; for making good the Deficiency of a late Malt Act; and for giving further Time to Clerks and Apprentices to pay Duties, omitted to be paid for their Indentures and Contrafts:

An Act for reducing the Annuity, or Fund, of the united East India Company, and for ascertaining their Right of Trade to the East Indies, and the Continuance of their Corporation for that Purpose, upon the Terms therein mentioned:

An Act for raising Five hundred and Fifty thousand Pounds by Exchequer Bills, towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, and for the further Application of the Produce of the Sinking Fund; for applying the Arrears of former Land Taxes; for appropriating the Supplies^ granted in this Session of Parliament; and for giving Relief with respect to an Over-payment to the Land Tax, for the Y^ar 1721, by the Receiver-general for the County of Salop:

An Act for taking off certain Duties on Salt, and for making good any Deficiencies in the Funds, that may happen thereby; and for charging the reduced Annuity,-payable to the East India Company, on the Aggregate Fund; and for Relief of Matthew Lion, Executor of Matthew Page, deceased, in respect of the Duty for Salt, loft by elite overflowing of the River Mercy in the Year 1724:

An Act for importing Salt from Europe into the Colony of New York in America:

An Act for the better Regulation of Juries:

An Act for the better Regulation of the Coal Trade:

An Act for explaining and amending an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " the Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment " of their Persons:

An Act to put an End to certain Disputes touching Orders and Decrees, made in the Court of Chancery:

An Act for granting Liberty to carry Rice from his Majesty's Province of Carolina, in directly to any

Part of Europe, Southward of Cape Finisterre, in Ships, built in, and belonging to, Great Britain, and navigated according to Law:

An Act for continuing and amending, an Act for regulating the Price and Assize of Bread; for Relief of Bankrupts, whose Certificates were not allowed before the

Expiration

588 i§° Maii. 1730.

Royal Assent Expiration of a late Act, for the tetter preventing Frauds, towards repairing the Road between the Town of Chat-to Bilb. committed by Bankrupts; for allowing further Time for ham, and Bought on under the Blean, in the said County Inrolment of Deeds, or Wills, made by Papists, and for of Kent

Relief of Protestant Purchasers and Lessees; and for An Act for repairing several Roads leading into the making further Provision concerning Certificates, relating Town of in the County of Somerset:

to the Settlements of poor Persons, and the Charges of An Act for repairing and amending the several Roads maintaining, and removing, certificated Persons: leading from Woodstock, through Kidding ton, and Enston,

An Act for the better regulating Elections in the City to ]Ume, and from Enjlow Bridge to Kidding-

of Norwich, and for preserving the Peace, good Order, ion aforesaid, in the County of Oxon: and Government, of the said City: An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual,

An Act for enabling the Judges of the Court of Session an Act, made in the Tenth Year of his late Majesty's in Scotland to make an Adjournment of the said Court j Reign, intituled, "An Act for repairing the Roads lead-and for limiting the Time for the Execution of Sentences, " ing from Stump Cross, in the Parish of in

importing corporal Punishments, in that Part of the " the County of Essex, to Newmarket Heath, and the Kingdom: Town of Cambridge, in the County of ,"

An Act for the Admifllon, and Regulation, of Brokers and also an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of his said within the City of Bristol: late Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for repairing

An Act for reviving, and amending, an Act, made Part of the Road from London to Cambridge, begin* in the Sixth and Seventh Years of the Reign of his late " ning at the End of the Parish of in the said

Majesty King William the Third, intituled, "An Act to " County, next to Barley, in the County of Hertford, " prevent Exactions of the Occupiers of Locks and " and ending at the Pavement in Street, in

" Wears upon the River of 'Thames Westward, and for " the Town of Cambridge

ascertaining the Rates of Water Carriage upon the said An Act for confirming a Patent, granted by her late " River:" Majesty Queen Anne to William Trench, Esquire, de-

An Act for making navigable the River Stroudwater,- ceal.ed, for erecting a Light-house upon the island, or in the County of Gloucester, from the River Severn, at or Rock, called Skerries; and for the better Maintenance of near Framiload, to Wallbridge, near the Town of Stroud, the said Light-house; and for making the Duties, granted

in the same County: for maintaining the fame, perpetual:

An Act for making the Act'5, of the First and Seventh An Act for obliging Henry, Duke of Beaufort, and Years of his late Majesty's Reign, for making the River Duchess of and her Children, to take

Kennet navigable from Reading to Neva bury, in the County the additional Surname, and bear the Arms, of ScuJa-of Berks, more effectual: , pursuant to a Settlement, made by fames, late Lord

An Act for amending the Acts therein mentioned, Scudamore, in the Kingdom o{ Ireland, and for vexing in relating to the making of Bricks: the said Duke, in Fee, the Manors of and

An Act for making the Hamlet of Limehoitfe, and Part and Lands, in the County of Cambridge, of the Hamlet of Ratcliffe, in the Parish of St. Dunstan late the Estate of the said Lord in lieu of the

St ebon heath, alias Stepney, in the County of Middlesex, a Portion, provided by him for his Daughter, the said distinct Parish, and for providing a Maintenance for the Duchess, and for other Purposes therein mentioned: Minister of the new Church there: An Act for vesting the Manor of , and divers

An Act for providing a Maintenance for the Minister Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Lincoln, the of the new Church near BloomsburyMarker, in the County Estate of the honourable fames Esquire, in

of Middlesex , and for making more effectual an Act, Trustees, to be sold, for discharging Four thousir.d Two

passed in the Fourth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, for hundred Pounds, secured upon those and other Lands: impowering the Commissioners, for building the Fiftynew An Act for vesting the Estate of , late Earl of

Churches, todireft the Parish Church of St. Giles in the Ranelagh, in the Kingdom of , lying in the Coun-

Fields, in the said County, to be rebuilt, instead of one ties of Middlesex and Berks, in Trustees, to be sold, for of the said Fifty new Churches: the Uses therein mentioned:

An Act for providing a Maintenance for the Minister An Act for inclosing several common Fields, common of the new Parish Church of St. Nicholas, Deptford, in Meadows, and other commonable Lands, in the Hamlet the Counties of Kent and Surry, and for making the same of Welsbourne Mountfort, in the Parish of Welsbourne a distinct Parish: Hastings, in the County of Warwick:

An Act for amending, and making more effectual. An Act for the Sale of the Manor of Hickling, and other

an Act, made in the Second and Third Years of the Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Nottingham, Reign of the late Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for late the Estate of Duchess Dowager of New-

" erecting a Workhouse in the City of Worcester, and for castle, and intailed by her Will, and for laying out the " setting the Poor on Work there :* Money, arising by such Sale, in the Pure-hale of another

An Act for repairing the Road, leading from Galley Estate, to be settled to the same Uses:

Corner, adjoining to Enfield Chafe, in the Parish of South An Act for enlarging the Power of Sir Charles Mims, in the County of Middlesex, to Lemsford Mill, in daunt. Baronet, to make a Jointure: the County of Hertford: An Act for vesting the - Estate «f Sir fames Lumley,

An Act for repairing the Road, leading from a Gate, Baronet, in Trustees, for . railing Moneys, by Sale or called Shipston Toll-gate, at Bridgtown, in the Parish of Mortgage thereof, for the Payment ol his Debts:

Old Stratford, in the County of Warwick, through Alder- An Act to enable Trustees to make Leaks of the minster, and Shipston upon Slower, to the Top of Long Eltale, late of Sir William Knight, deceased,

Compton Hill, in the said County: during the Infancy of Mary Dodwell, his only Child, and

An Act for making a new Road, and for repairing and for other Purposes therein mentioned: amending the ancient Road, between the Towns of Wif- An Act for repealing Part of an Act, passed in Hie beefi and March, in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Cambridge: George the First, intituled, "An Act for vesting Part of

An Act for repairing the several Roads leading into " the Ellate of Moyle Breton, Esquire, in Trustees, to the City of Hereford: " be fold, for the railing Three thousand Pounds, charged

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from " on other Part of the same Estate, and for other Purposes that Part of Chatham, which lies next to the City of " therein mentioned;" and for appointing other Lands Rochester, to St. Dunstan % Cross, near the City of Can- to be sold, than by the said Act are directed: terbury, in the County of Kent -, and for repealing lb An Act for confirming a Conveyance, and Surrenders, much of a former Act, as appropriates Part of the Money, of certain Freehold and Copyhold Lands and Heredita-arising by the Toll* or Duties therein mentioned, ments, by Roger Satifatt apd femima Satisfatt, both

Infants,

4 Geo. II.

15 "Mali. — x 4 — 24 ‘Sep — rtf Nov. — 1 tfDec.

589

'0-.

Infants, unto Edzcard, Lord Bishop of Coventry and

Litchfield:

An Act for restraining Thomas junior, Esquire,

a Lua.itick, from marrying, or aliening, disposing, or incumbering, his Estate, during his Lunacy, and for railing Portions for his Sifters Children j and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

- An Act for Relief of Dame Elizabeth , relating to an Estate in the Kingdom of , forfeited to the

Crown, during the Life of William Kennedy, her great Uncle.

The King's After which, his Majesty was pleased to make a most dpctch. gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, as tolloweth; viz.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

The Season of the Year, and the Dispatch you have given to the publick Business, make it proper for me to put an End to this Session; and I make no Doubt, but the Conduct and Behaviour of this Parliament, as it has answered my Expedations, will be equally Satisfadory to all my good and faithful Subjects.

The Support you have given me, in enabling me so effectually to make good my Engagements with my Allies, will, I persuade myself, have the desired Effect and, when it shall be seen, that the Allies of the Treaty of Seville are not only determined, but in a Readiness, to

execute their mutual Engagements, it is very much to be hoped, that a general Pacification will be the happy Consequence of this just and powerful Alliance.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I give you my Thanks, in particular, for the Supplies, you have raised for the Service of the current Year. It is a great Satisfaction to me, that you have had such a due Regard for the Ease of your Fellow-subjects, whole Welfare and Prosperity it shall always be my principal Care and Study to advance and promote.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

I am very glad, that, for the general Satisfaction, you entered into a particular Consideration of the State of the Nation; a.nd it is a great Happiness, to fee, after so many unjust and unrealbnable Clamours, raised with all possible Art, Industry, and Malice, that, upon mature Deliberation, and the most solemn Debates, you were lb far from finding any thing worthy of Blame or Censure, that all Matters, which came under your Consideration, met with your Approbation.

This mull give all Mankind a just Detestation of those Incendiaries, who, from a Spirit of Envy and Discontent, continually labour, by scandalous Libels, to alienate the Affedions of my People, and to fill their Minds with groundless Jealoulies, and unjust Complaints, in Dif-honour of me, and my Government, and in Defiance of the Sense of both Houses of Parliament.

But I must rely upon vourPrudehce, and your Concern for the Peace and Happiness of your Country, to dif-countenance all such seditious Practices, and to make my People sensible, that these wicked Proceedings can have no other View, or End, but to create Confusion and Distraction among us.

Parliament And afterwards the Lord Chancellor, by his Majesty's prorogued. Command, Laid,

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

It is his Majesty's royal Will and Pleasure, that this Parliament be prorogued to the Fourteenth

Day of July next, to be then here held; and this Parliament is accordingly prorogued to Tuesday, the Fourteenth Day of July next.

Parliament

further

prorogued.

Parliament

further

prorogued.

Mart is, 140 Julii;

Anno 40 Georgii IP* Regis, 1730.

THE House being met, according to the last Prows gation;

A Message was brought from the Lords by Sir William Sanderson, Deputy Gentleman-ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty's Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went- dp to the House of Peers; where the Commission was read; for the further proroguing of the Parliament \snt\\Thurs-day, the 24th Day of September next; and the Parliament was prorogued accordingly until Thursday, the 24th Day of September next.

yovisf 24° die;

Anno 4* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1730.

THE House met, according to the last Prorogation i

Mr. Speaker was at the Bath, for Recovery of his Health.

A Message was brought from the Lords by Sir William Sanderson, Deputy Gentleman-usher of the Black Rod:

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty's Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly the House, with the Clerk, went up to the House of Peers; where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament, until Tht&f-day, the 19th Day of November next; and the Parliament was prorogued accordingly until the 19th

Day of November next.

jbovtSj 190 die Novetn;

Anno 4* Georgii IP* Regis, 1730.

THE House being met, according to the last Parliament Prorogation; further

A Message was brought from the Lords by Sir WH- prorogued. Ham Sanderson, Deputy Gentleman-usher of the Black

Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty's Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers; where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament until Thufo day, the 17 th Day of December next; and the Parliament was prorogued accordingly until the

17th Day of December next.

VoL'SL

Jovis> 170 die Dece j

Anno 4* Georgii IIdJ Regis, 1730.

THE House being met, according to the last Parliament Prorogation; further

A Message was brought from the Lords by Sir Wil- prorogued. Ham Sanderfon1, Deputy Gentleman-usher of the Black

Rod:

7 K Mr.

590

Detenibtis

Jantiarii.

A. 1730.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty's Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers, to hedf the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers; where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament until Thursday, the Twenty-first Day of next; and the

Parliament was prorogued accordingly until Thursday, the Twenty-first Day of January next.

By the KING,

A PROCLAMATION.

GEORGE, R.

Proclamation H ERE AS our Parliament stands prorogued to

forMeeung . V v Thursday the Seventeenth Day of this instant ment.rU* Dumber; we, with the Advice of ourPnvy Cohncil, do

hereby publish and declare, that the said Parliament shall be further prorogued, on the said Seventeenth Day of Z)e- ember, to Thursday', the Twenty-first Day of next ensuing; and we have given Order to our Chancellor of Great Britain, to prepare a Commission, for proroguing the same accordingly: And we do hereby further declare our royal Will and Pleasure; that the said Parliament shall on thd said Twenty-first Day of January next be held, and fit, for the Dispatch of divers weighty and important Affairs; and the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, and the Commissioners for Shires and Burghs, of the House of Commons, are hereby required to give their Attendance accordingly, at WestnunJler, on the said Twenty-first Day of January next

Given at our Court of St. James's, the Fourteenth Day of December 1730, in the Fourth Year of our Reign.

GOD favethe King.

Jovis, 21° die Januarii;

Anno 4* Georgii II'" Regis, 1730.

Melftge to A MESSAGE from his Majesty, by Sir Charles attend the 1.Dalton, Gentleman-ulher of the Black Rod:

King. Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend his Majesty immediately in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty;

And being returned;

Members Several Members, returned upon new Writs, took take Oaths, the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration,

; and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, pursuant to the Laws made for those Purposes.

Clandestine A Bill for the more effectual preventing clandestine Outlawries. Outlawries, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second tinle.

The King's Mr. Speaker reported, that the House had attended

Speech his Majesty in the House of Peers; where his Majesty reported. was pieafet] to make a most gracious Speech from the Throne to both Houses of Parliament; of which, Mr. Speaker said, he had, to prevent Mistakes, obtained a Copy: Which he read to the House, and is as followeth; viz.

My Lords, and Gentlemen, 1

You cannot but be sensible, that the Measures formerly taken, and the Conclusion of the Treaty of have

prevented and dilappointed the dangerousConsequences, that were fojuftly apprehended from the Treaty of and we do not only fee that Union dissolved, which had alarmed all Europe, but the Allies of the Treaty of Hanover t strengthened by the additional Power of the Crown of Spain.

This Situation of Affairs gave us a reasonable Prospect of a general Pacification, and just Hopes of seeing the Conditions of the Treaty of complied with, with-'5

out the Necessity of coming to Extremities; and no Endeavours have been wanting, conformable to my Engagements with my Allies, to obtain that happy End; but this desirable Event having been hitherto delayed, the Treaty of Seville lays an indispensible Obligation upon all the contracting Parties to prepare for the Execution of it; and we must be in a Readiness to perform our Part, and, by continuing to pursue the proper Measures, convince our Allies, that we will faithfully fulfil our Engagements, and, as far as shall depend upon us, procure the Satisfaction due to them, either by such Means, as shall be most eligible, or by such, as shall be found absolutely necessary.

The present critical Conjuncture seems in a very particular Manner to deserve your Attention, and you need not be told, with what Impatience the Resolutions of this Parliament are every where waited for, and expected.

I am incapable of attempting to influence your Proceedings by groundless Fears and Apprehensions, and as incapable of amufingyou with vain Hopes and Expectations; but, as the Transaction % now depending in the several Courts of Europe, are upon the Point of being determined, the great Event of Peace, or War, may be very much affected by your first Resolutions. The Continuance of that Zeal and Vigour, which you have hitherto shewn, in Support of me, and my Engagements, must, at this Time, be of the greatest Weight and Importance, both with regard to my Allies, who cannot then think their Interest, and the common Cause, neglected, before the Conditions of their Treaties are accomplished, and with regard to those, who may be disposed, before the Sealon of Action is come, to prevent, by an Accomodation, the fatal Consequences of a general Rupture, which they will have little Reason to apprehend, if they find the Allies of Seville not prepared to do themselves Justice.

The Plan of Operations, for the Execution of the Treaty of Seville by Force, in case we shall be driven to that Necessity, is now under Confederation, and, until the Proportions of the confederate Forces, and the proper Dispositions for employing them, shall be finally adjusted, and agreed upon, it will not be easy to determine, how far the Expences, necessary for the Service of the ensuing Year, may, or may not, exeed the Provisions made for the Service of the last Year.

In the mean time, I am persuaded you will go on to give all possible Dispatch to the publick Business; and, if it shall be necessary, I shall not fail to alk the further Advice and Assistance of my Parliament, according to the Circumstances of publick Affairs, as soon as any proper Occasion shall require it.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I will order the proper Estimates to be prepared, and laid before you; and 1 can make no Doubt, but that dutiful Regard, which you have always shewed to me, and my Honour, and your just Concern for the true Interest of your Country, will induce you to grant me the necessary Supplies, and enable me to make good my Engagements with my Allies, with that Ciiearfulness and Afle&ion, which become a British House of Commons, tender and jealous of the Honour of the Crown, careful and solicitous for the Glory and Prosperity of the Kingdom.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

The Time draws near, which will admit of no further Delays. If the Tranquillity of Europe can be settled, without the Effusion of Blood, or the Expence of publick Treasure, that Situation will certainly be most happy, and desirable; but, if that Blessing cannot be obtained.

Honour,

Addrefc on Kine'* Spcnch.

4 Geo. II. a i 2 2° Januarii.

591

Honour, Justice, and the sacred Faith; due to solemn Treaties, will call upon us to exert ourselves; in procuring by Force, what cannot be had upon just and reasonable Terms.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, to r.eturn his Majesty the Thanks of this House for his most gracious Speech from the Throne; to acknowledge his MajelL's Goodness, in endeavouring to have the Conditions of the Tre.ity of Seville fulfilled and executed in such Manner, as might bell Iccurea general Pacification, and be conformable to.his Engagements with his Allies; to declare our intire Confidence in h'is Majesty's Careand Concern lor the Honour and interests of his People, and cur perfect Reliance upon his Wisdom and Justice, in doing every Thing, that shall depend upon him, to procure the Satisfaction, due to his Allies, by such Means, as shall be me ft desirable, or absolutely necessary; to expressour firm Resolution to continue our utmost Zeal and Vigour in Support of his Majesty, and his Engagements; and to allure his Majesty, that we will give all possible Dispatch to the publick Business, as it shall from time to time be brought before us; and that, from a dutiful Regard to his Majesty's Honour and Dignity, and a just Concern for the true Interest of our Country, which we shall always look upon as indispensble and inleparable Obligations, we will grant to his Majesty such Supplies, as shall be necessary for the Service of the ensuing Year, and effectually enable his Majesty to make good his Engagements with his Allies; and, in Return to his Majesty's Goo Joels, in avoiding to bring any unnecessary Burthens upon his People, to allure his Majesty, that, in cale the Circumstances of publick Affairs shall oblige his Majesty to ask the further Advice and Assistance of this House, we will, upon every Occasion, discharge our Duty to his Majesty, and those we represent, with that Chearfulness and Affection, which become a House of Commons, tender and jealous of the Honour of the Crown, careiul and lbiicitous for the Glory and Prosperity of the Kingdom;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by inferring, alter the Words, " or absolutely necessary," thele Words, " alluring ourselves, that his Majesty will take effectual Care to prevent the " breaking out of a War upon the or in the

Austrian Netherlands, the Preservation of which, in

the Hands they now are, is of the greatest Importance

to thele Kingdoms, and the Maintenance whereof " has cost this Nation Co much Blood and Treasure."

And the Question being put. That those Words be there inserted;

Jt passed in the Negative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by inferring, after the Words " in Support of " his Majesty, and his Engagements," these Words, " as far as they relate to the interests of Great

And the Question being put. That those Words be there inserted;

It palfed in the Negative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved , That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, to return his Majesty the Thanks of this House for his most gracious Speech from the Throne; to acknowledge his Majesty's Goodness, in endeavouring to have the Conditions of the Treaty of Seville fulfilled and executed in such Manner, as might bell secure a general Pacification, and be conformable to his Engagements with his Allies; to declare our intire Confidence in his Majesty's Care and Concern for the Honour and Interests of his People, and our perfect Reliance upon his Wisdom and Justice, in doing every Thing, that shall depend upon him, to procure the Satisfaction, due to his Allies, by such Means, as shall be most desirable, or absolutely necessary; to express our firm Resolution to continue our utmost Zeal and Vigour in Support of "his Majesty, and his Engagements; and to allure his Majesty, that we will give all possible Dispatch to the V ou21.

publick Business, as it shall from time to time be brought before us; and that, from a dutiful Regard to his Majesty's Honour and Dignity, and a just Concern for the true Interest of our Country, which we shall always look upon as indispensible and inseparable Obligations, we will grant to his Majesty such Supplies, as shall be necessary for the Service of the ensuing Year, and effectually enable his Majesty, to make good his Engagements with his Allies; and, in Return to his Majesty's Goodness. in avoiding to bring any unnecessary Burthens upon his People, to assure his Majesty, that, in cale the Circumstances of publick Affairs shall oblige his Majesty to alk the further Advice and Assistance of this House, we will, upon every Occasion, discharge our Duty to his Majesty, and those we represent, with that Chearfulness and Affcction, which become a Britishi House of Commons tender and jealous of the Honour of the Crown, careful and solicitous for the Glory and Prosperity of the Kingdom.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed, to draw up an Address, to be presented to his Majesty, upon the said Resolution:

And it is referred to Mr. CampbeMr. Sir IVm. Tonge, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Dodington, Lord

Limerick, Mr. Finch, Mr. Earle, Mr. Cary, Mr.

Dr. Sayer, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Coppleston, Mr. BurtonMr. Conduit, Lord

Malpas, Mr. Walpole, Mr. PelhamMr. Clayton, Sir Geo. Oxenden, Mr. Glut ter buck, Mr. Attorney-general,

Mr. Clavering, Sir IVm. Strickland, Mr. Whitworth, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Scrnpe, Lord Vere Mr.

‘Thompfun, Lord Harvey, Mr. Arundel, Mr. Byng,

Mr. JeJfvp. Sir Charles Turner, Lord Gage, Mr. Andrews,

Mr. Brudenell, Mr. Williams, Mr. Trelawney, Mr.

7 ‘ownjhend, Mr. Sambroke, Mr. Solicitor-general; or any Five of them: And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That his Majesty's most gracious Speech be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Bedford the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for Wr*t. the electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bedford, in the County of Bedford, in the room of James Metcalfe, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Bridgwater the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for writ, the electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough o! Bridgwater, in the County of Somerset, in the room of Sir Hatjewell Tynte, Baronet, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Chipping, the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess, to lerve in this present Parliament m' for the Borough of Chipping-wicomb. in the County of Bucks, in the room of William Lee, Esquire, now one of the Justices of his Majesty's Court of King's Bench.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 2 2° die Januarii;

Anno 4° Georgii IId‘ Regis, 1730.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That the grand Committee for Religion r

do fit every Tuesday in the Afternoon, in the House. ommittee*»

Ordered, That the grand Committee for Grievances do lit every Thursday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the grand Committee for Courts of Justice do fit every Saturday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the grand Committee for Trade do fit every Friday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered,

591

Commiuse Ordered, That a Committee of Privileges and Elec-of Privileges. tions be appointed:

And it is referred to Mr. Earle, Mr. Mr.

Sandys, Sir Thomas Saunuefon, Sir Robert Clifton, General Wade, Mr. Wyndham, Mr. Mr. Sir

Wm. Tange, Mr. Baron Birch, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Plummer, Sir John Norris, Major Compton, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Taker, Sir Edward Stanley, Mr. Cox, Mr. Harley, Mr. Byng. Mr. Dockminique, Dr. Sir Read,

Mr. Solicitor-general, Mr. Clutterbuck, Lord Vane, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Mr. Attorney-general, Mr. Ash, Mr. VincMr. Mr. Moor,

Sir Edmund Bacon, Lord Limerick, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Daniel Campbell, Mr. Bond, Mr. Cunningham, Mr. Phillips, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Guidott, Mr. Scazven, Mr. Brooksbank, Sir Thomas Clark, Mr. Hawkins, Mr.

Bathurst, Mr. Edwards, Mr. Walter Plummer, Sir Geo. Oxenden, Mr. JeJfop, Sir Richard Ellis, Sir Tho. Lee, Mr. Allington, Mr. Bowles, Major Mr. Waller,

Colonel Read, Mr. Plnm Lord Malpas, Mr. Chamberlain, Mr. Hacks, Mr. Conduitt. Lord Morpeth, Mr. Annejley, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Harrison, Mr. Daniel Pulteney, Lo;d Gage, Sir John Cotton, Mr. Pulteney, Sir

George Cafwall, Mr. Williams, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Potcnger, Mr. Winning ton, Mr. Sir Wm. Wyndham,

Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Secretary at War, Sir Thomas Frank/and, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Oglethorpe, Captain VMr. Jacomb, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Clavering, Mr. Dodinglon, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Howe, Mr. Foley, Mr. Norris, Mr. Heathcote, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. Cary, Sir Richard Grosvenor, Sir John Dutton, Lord Harvey, Mr. Fox, Mr.

Sir Wm. Barker, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Shyer, Sir John Williams, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Sii Edit Jbouverie, Mr. Forbes, Colonel H Mr. Mr.

Bladen. Mr. Cross, Mr. Scrope, M.fter of the Rolls, General Rojs, Mr. Piggot, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Booth, Sir Robert Sutton, Mr. Heathcote, Sir Robert Monroe, Lord Mayor of London, Mr. Ward, Sir George Savile, Colonel Bladen, Colonel Selzvyn, Mr. Earle,

Sir Humphry Monoux, Mr. Walter, Mr. Thompfcn, Mr. Edgcumbe, Mr. Hen. Bromley, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Morice, Sir Archibald Grant, Mr. Lijle, Sir John Jennings, Mr. Butter, Mr. Tiifon, Mr. Wahot, Sir Lord

Tyrcornel. Lord Vere Mr. Shepheard, Mr.

Shippen, Mr. Longueville, Sir Thomas Aston, Mr. bar, Mr. Cornewal, Mr. Rozvney, Mr. Holland, Mr. Noel, Mr. Fortescue, Mr. Mr. Mr.

Marten, Mr. Geers, Mr. Fane, Mr. Grosvenor, Sir Richard Lane, Mr. Bevan Sir Archer Croft, Mr. Cafar, Mr. Alderman Child, Mr. Serjeant Be/field, Mr. Drummond, Sir OrI.Bridgman, Colonel Onslow, Brigadier Sutton, Mr. Worthy, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Sir

Geo.Saunders, Colonel Norton, Mr. Andrews, Lord Ncffau P owlet, Mr. Smelt, Mr. Kef all, Mr. Brooke, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Verncy, Mr. Howard, Mr. Cartwright, Sir Henry Hoghlon, Mr. Glanville, Lord Cafthmain, Mr. Gower, Mr. Shuttlezvorlh, Sir

liham, Colonel MiddUton, Mr. Digby, Mr. Mr:

Inwen, Mr. Serjeant Chappie, Mr. Laroche, Sir Charles Hotham, Lord Micklethwaitt, Mr. Eyre: And they are to meet upon Monday Fortnight, at Five of the Cloclc in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber; and to lit every Wednesday, Friday, and Monday, in the Afternoon; and all, that come, are to have Voices: And they are to take into Consideration all such Matters, as shall or may come in Question, touching Returns, Elections, and Privileges; and to proceed upon double Returns in the Fitft place; and to report their Proceedings, with their Opinions thereupon, to the House, from rime to time: And all Persons, that will question any Rerums, are to do it within Fourteen Days nexr, and so within Fourteen Days next after any new Return shall be brought in: Anti the Committee are to have Power to fend lor Persons, Papers, and Records, for their Information: And all Members, who are returned for Two or more Places, are to make their Election by this Day Three Weeks, for which of the Places they will

A. 1730.

serve, provided there be no Cjueftion upon the Return for that Place: And if any thing shall come in Que£ tion, touching the Return, Election, or Matter of Privilege, of any Member; he is to withdraw, during the Time the Matter is in Debate; and that all Members, returned upon double Returns, do withdraw, till their Returns are determined.

Resolved, That no Peer of this Realm hath any Right Ufa*! to give his V ote in the Election of any Member to serve 0,i*n' in Parliament.

Resolved, That, where the House shall judge any Petition, touching Elections; to be frivolous and vexatious; the House will order Satisfaction to be made to the Person petitioned against.

Resolved, That, in case it shall appear, any Person hath procured himself to be elected, or returned, a Member of this House, or endeavoured so to be, by Bribery, or any other corrupt Practices, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Person.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear, that any Person hath been tampering with any Witness, in respect of his Evidence to be given to this House, or any Committee thereof, or directly or indirectly hath endeavoured to' deter or hinder any Person from appearing, or giving Evidence, the same is declared to be a high Crime and Misdemeanor, and this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That if it shall appear, that any Person hath given falle Evidence in any same before this House, or any Committee thereof, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That it is a high Infringement of the Liberties and Privileges of the Commons of Great Britain, for any Lord of Parliament, or any Lord Lieutenant of any County, to concern themselves in the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, do, from time to time, take into his Custody iuy Stranger or Strangers, that he shall see, or be informed of to be, in the House, or Gallery, while the House, or any Committee of the whole House, is fitting; and that no Person, so taken into Custody, be dite: urged out of-Custody, without the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That the Back-door of the Speaker's Chamber be locked up every Morning, at the fitting of the House, and the Key delivered to the Clerk, to be locked up by him; and that he do not presume to deliver the feme to any Person whatsoever, without Order of the House; and that the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, do take care to clear the Speaker's Chamber every Day, before the Door is locked up.

Ordered, That no Member of this House do presume to bring any Stranger or Strangers into the House, or Gallery thereof, while the House is fitting.

Ordered, That the Contlables, and other Officers, of Middlesex and Westminster, do take- care, that, from Ten of the Clock in the Morning to Four in the Afternoon, during this Session of Parliament, the Passages through the Streets, between Temple-Bar and Westminster-hall,

shall be kept free and open; and that no Obstruction be made by Cars, Drays, Carts, or otherwise, to binder the Passage of the Members to and from this House; and that the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, do give Notice of this Order to the Officers aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Constables in Waiting do take care, there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in minster-hall, or the Passages leading to the House, during the fitting of Parliament; and that there be no Annoyance by Chairmen, Footmen, or otherwise, therein, or thereabouts.

Ordered, That the said Orders be font to the High Bailiff of Westminster-, and that he do fee the feme put in Execution.

Ordered,

2 2° Januarii.

m

h.

4 Gf6.II.

'2 2° januarii.

59$

i'.

? jj h*),

Pr,

*ii

Usual , Ordered, That no Footmen be permitted to be within Help of these, and our Wool, to mix with theirs, are un* Orue/». the Lobby of the iJoule, or upon tile Stairs leading able to make as neat and agreeable Goods as are madl tnercto. in this Nation: That the manufacturing our Wool circ«-

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms, attending this latcs JVloney throughout all Trades, and produces a.ge-House, do take care, there be no Gaming, or other Dif- neral Gain; the Value of their Labour, exported in the orders, in the Room appointed for the Footmen, attend- Goods made, is lb much gained to England, by which ing the Members of this House, to w ait in our Wool, and that of Ireland, may be made more advan-1

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms, attending this tigeous to this Nation, than the Gold and Silver Mines are House, do take into his Custody, such Footmen as shall to Spain; for every One hundred Pounds worth of Wool, presume to dilobey the Orders of the House; and that no worked up ill England on an Average, calls for Three Inch Footmen be discharged out of Custody, but by the hundred Pounds, to pay the necessary Charges in making special Order of the House. it up in white Goods, fit for the Merchant; and his

Charges for dying, <§*c. and shipping the 'lame, upon an Ordered' That, to prevent the intercepting, or loling, Average, is not less than Fifty Pounds per Cent, which of Letters, directed to Members of this House, the Perl'on makes Six hundred Pounds worth of Goods; by which, appointed to bring Letters from the General Poll Office from every Hundred Pounds worth of our Wool, there to this House, or lbme other Person, to be appointed by is about Five hundred Pounds earned, and Six hundred the Postmaster General, do for the future every Day, Pounds worth exported; for which there is a Return, that during the Session of Parliament [Sundaysexcepted) con- employs our Shipping, and produces Gain to our Mer-stantiv attend from Ten of the Clock in the Alorning till chants, a Revenue to his Majesty, and an additional Trade One in the Afternoon, and for Tw o Hours at the least to the Kingdom; by this the Produce of our Lands finds immediately after the riling of the House, and also on its Price; but all is loft, if our Wool is run; and that One every Friday, Monday, and Wednesday, from Five of the hundred Pounds worth of our Wool enables our Rivals Clock in the Afternoon till Seven, at the Place appointed to work up Two hundred Pounds worth of theirs: That for the Delivery of the said Letters, and take care, during many have introduced themselves into all the Branches of his Stay tl.ere, to deliver the same to the several Members, the Weaving Trade, without legal Right, even in this to whom they shall be directed, or to their known Servant Nation, and others daringly break the Laws, and make

;W.

nr s ci

£1

2D

or Servants, or others, bringing Notes under the Hands of the Members fending for the lame.

OrcLred, That the said Officer do, upon his going away, lock up such Lett.rs as shall remain undelivered; and that no letter be delivered, but within the Hours aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the Post-roaster-General.

Vain to be primed.

Foreigners rich with the Commodities, whilst the

Petitioners are starving at home, and the Parish Charges are daily increasing. as is the unhappy same of Thousands of Families: And therefore praying the House to take their case into Consideration, lb as to prevent the Exportation of Wool, Fullers Earth, Teazles, or any other Thing uled in the said Manufacture, and to grant them such other Relief, as to the House shall seem uioft meet Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to then#, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Scrape, Sir William Yonge, Mr. Cafar, Mr. Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer,

lie printed, Mr. Mr. Bacon, Sir John Sir

t at he do Clark, Mr. Earle, Mr. Sir James Campbell,

Mr. Clayton, Mr. Fane, Air. , Mr. Crijpe, Mr.

Air. Alderman Child, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Trelazrny, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Air. Pelham,

Air. Drummond, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Brookjlank, Sir Ordered, That the House be called over upon Tuesday} Elton, Mr. Coppleston, Sir Wm. Afar ice'Mr. Rolle,

the Second Day of February next. Air. Speke, Mr. Lord Sir John

Ordered, That such Members, as shall not then attend, Mr. Sir Richard Ellis, Mr. Sir

be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending Edmund Bacon, Lord Morpeth, Colonel Read, Mr. Kel-this House. Jail, Mr. Neu'land, Sir Dutton, Mr. Worthy, Air.

PuUeney, Mr. Waller, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Colonel

Refolded, That this House will receive no Petitions for Berkeley, Sir Thomas Lee, Mr. Seamen, Colonel Onjlcw, private Bills after the Second Day of March next Air. Cornavall, Mr. Vane, Sir Thomas Read: And all

that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet

.__________ A Petition of several Afafters, and Members, of the this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers

v ianaWure- Company of Weavers, within the City of Brtjiol was pre- Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, l'ented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the and Records.

Petitioners have for many Years supported themselves,

Y and Families, by the Woollen Manufacture, and have been capable of paying inch Taxes as the Law required; but for feme Veal's palt their same is very deplorable, for

Ordered, That, when any Letter, or Packet, directed to this House, shall come to Air. Speaker, lie do open the lame, and acquaint the House, at their next Sitting, with the Contents thereof, if proper to be communicated to this House.

Ordered, That the Votes of this House being first perused by Air. Speaker; and appoint the printing thereof; and that no other Person, but such as he shall appoint, do presume to print the lame.

Call of the House

frinte Bills.

KtooOen

want of Business: That the greatest Part among them are deliitute of Employ, and reduced to great Extremity: That their Aialters complain, they lull* by making their Goods, and meet with Discouragement: That, without

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do consider the Laws in being, to prevent the clandestine Exportation of Wool from Great Britain and Ireland, and what further Provisions may be necessary for the better preventing thereof.

V

r?

Mr. Campbell of Pcmbrokeshire reported from the Com- Address on mittee, appointed Yesterday to draw up an Address, to the lbme speedy Alcana be found, they must entirely give over be presented to his Majesty, that the Committee had Speech‘ Trade; and the great Cause of their Calamity, as they drawn up an Address accordingly, which they had directed conceive, is the continual Exportation of Wool unwrought him to report to the House; and he read the same in his out of this Kingdom, and Ireland, into foreign Parts, as Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk s Table: they have great Reason to believe: That Wool has been Where the same was read, and is as follows; viz.

ferewed up in Calks, and sent away, under Pretence of other Commodities, although against the Laws: That the Want of Business has induced many to leave, their native Country, with their Families, carrying with them Tools,

Aloft gracious Sovereign,

We, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled,

convenient for their Use, and instructing their Rivals in beg Leave to return our sincere Thanks for your Majesty's the several Branches of their Trade, who, without the most gracious Speech from the Throne.

You21. 7 L We

Dr. Littleton to preach on 30th January.

The King's Speech to be considered.

NeufVille's, kc. Nat.

594 ^2,° 23

We cannot but tn G ratitude ackiiowlcdge your Majesty's Goodnels, in endeavouring to have the Conditions of the Treaty of Seville fulfilled and executed in such Manner, as might best secure a general Pacification, and be conformable to your Engagements with your Allies.

And, out of a just Scute of the Bletfings we enjoy, we think it our Duty to declare our intire Confidence in your royal Care and Concern for the Honour and Interest of your People, and our perfect Reliance upon your Majesty's Wil'dom and Justice, in doing every Thing, that shall depend upon you, to procure the Satisfaction, due to your Allies, by such Means, as shall be the most desirable, or, if they prove ineffectual, by such as shall be absolutely ftecellary.

We are firmly resolved to continue our utmost Zeal and Vigour in Support of your Majesty, and your Engagements, esteeming this the least Part of our Duty, when we consider, that those Engagements are the Effefit of your Vigilance for the Welfare of your Subjects.

We allure your Majesty, that we will give all possible Dispatch to the publick Dufinels, as it shall from time to time be brought before us, that, as your People feel the Ilappiness of your Reign, lb your Majesty may feel the Eale of it; and from a dutiful Regaril to your Honour and Dignity, and a just Concern for the true Interest of our Country, which we shall always look Upon as indil-penfible and inseparable Obligations, we have the greatest Satisfaction in*assuring your Majesty, that we will, with ell Chearfulness, grant such Supplies, as shall be necessary for the Service of the ensuing Year, and effectually enable your Majesty to make good your Engagements with your Allies.

Your Majesty's Goodness to your People is very apparent in your avoiding to brin»: any unnecessary Burthens upon them; and it is the leaftReturn we can make for it, to allure your Majesty, that, in case the Circumstances of publick Affairs shall oblige you to a fit the further Advice und Assistance of your faithful Commons, we will upon every Occasion, discharge our Duty to your Majesty, and those we represent, with that Chearfulness and Affection, which become a Bn House of Commons, tender and jealous of the Honour of the Crown, careful and felicitous for the Glory and Proi'perity of the Kingdom.

The said Address, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House, as are of his Majesty's most honourable Privy Council, do humbly know his Majesty's Pleal'ure, when he will -be attended by this House.

Ordered, That the Reverend Doctor Edward Littleton, be desired to preach before this House at St. Margaret's Westminster, upon the 30th Day of this instant January', and that Mr. Walpole and Mr. Longueville do acquaint him therewith.

RefAved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, take into Consideration his Majesty's most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 23" die'Jamiarii;

Anno 4* Georgii 2J‘ Regis, 1730. Prayers.

A PETITION of Philip Jacode Neufville, Abraham dt Rictner, Aubin John and Joachim

Matthew Stelter, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners were born out of his Majesty's Allegiance, but arc Protestants, and have given good Tcltimbtiy of their Loyalty and Fidelity to his Ala-

Januarii. A. 1730.

jesty, and this Kingdom: And praying, that I>eave n sy be given to bring in a Bill for their Naturalization.

Ordered, That Ixave be given to brim* in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Sir Richard Lane and Sir James Campbell do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That his The Erg Majesty having been waited upon, pursuant to the Order fPPou,""> of Yesterday, humbly to kuow when he would pleufe b*Ue"cl! to be attended by this House; his Majesty had been pleased to appoint this Afternoon, at Two of the Clock, at his Palace of St. James.

A Petition of the feveml Inhabitants, Traders, and M«chtf»r Proprietors of Land, within the Town of in "'O-'hhwA.

the County of Lancaster, whole. Names arc thereunto lub-

feribed, on behalf of themselves and others, the Inhabitants, Traders, and Proprietors of Land, within the same Town, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the said Tow n is very large and populous, and the Poor thereof very numerous, and burthensome; and that the chief Inhabitants, Traders, and Proprietors of Land, there, have agreed to contribute and give Two thousand Pounds towards the erecting a publick Work-house, for better Maintenance and Employment of their Poor; which will very much tend to the lefl'ening the Poor Rates within the said Town, and to the making the Labour of the Poor more beneficial to the Trade thereof:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the erecting a publick Workhouse in the said Town, for the Purposes aforesaid, with such Provisions,

Powers, and Authorities, as to the House ili^ll leem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion-thereupon, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Henry Hoghton, Mr, Baron Birch, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Burton, Sir Charles Turner, Mr.

Bromley, Mr. Bacon, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Geers,

' Air. Longueville, Sir John Willia Sir Thomas Read, Mr. Chetwynd, Major Compton, Mr. Air. Scrape,

Mr. Cunningham, Mr. IViUiams, Mr. Rucks, Mr.

Air. Gould, Mr. Finch, Mr. P Colonel Onslow, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Ijrwiher, Mr. Dock ley, Sir Robert Aujlcn, Mr. LycWe//, Mr. Middleton, Mr.

Elumptre, Mr. Jenifon, Mr. AndSir John

Air. Daniel Pulteney, Mr. GapMr. Plummer, Mr. Tower, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Waller, Mr. Boone, Master of the Rolls, Mr. Owen, Sir Justhn Sir Richard

Ijane, Mr. Broo/kbank, Lord Malpas, Mr. Offley, Mr.

Moor, Mr. Attorney General, Air, Solicitor General,

Sir Thomas Frankland, Mr. Rolle; and all the Members

that serve for the Counties of Lancaster, and

York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this Land Tu House, an Account of what Arrears of the Duties upon *nd H* Houses were standing out at Chrijhnas last, with the Dut)r Names of the respefitive Receivers, in whole Hands the said Arrears remained; distinguishing each Year, and what Proceedings have been had to compel the Payment thereof.

Ordered, That the proper Officers do lay before this House, an Account of what Arrears of Land Taxes were ltauding out at Christmas last, with the Names of the respective Receivers, in whole Hands the said Arrears remained; distinguishing each Year, and what Proceedings have been had to compel the Payment thereof.

Ordered, That the Treasurer of the Navy do lay before N*wl this House, an Account of what A^loney has been ordered Si:rvica by the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, and received by him, for any Services of the Navy, from the 31 ft ‘

6 ' -of

ft

heKirg'* Speech con* lideied.

VarinomK

Writ.

fiC Answer to Addicfs.

Supply.

J.

Soppjy,

4 Geo. II.

23

2 50 — 2 6° — 2 70

59$

of December 17-29, to the 31 ft of December 1730; distin-guilliing the limes when the same was received, and the Services to which it was applied.

The House (according to Order) proceeded to takfc into Consideration his Majesty "s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament.

And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker.

And a Motion being made, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this-House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

Ordered, That his Majesty $ 1110ft gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament be referred to the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Luna.) 2 50 die Januarii j

Anno 4° peorgii 241 Regis, 1730.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crow n, to make c ut amew Writ, for the clotting a Burgess, to Verve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Yain the County of Southampton, in the room of Maurice Morgan, Esquire, who, since his Ele&iou for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Lieutenant Governor of the Isle of

Mr. Speaker repprted, that the House attended his Majesty on Saturdaylal't with their Address; to which his Majesty was plealed to give this most gracious. Answer;

viz.

Gentlemen,

I return you my hearty Thanks for this dutiful and loyal Address. The Zeal and Affection you express for me, and the Assurances you have given me, of enabling me to make good my Engagements with my Allies, will,

I am persuaded, have a very good Effect at this critical and important Conjuncture.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion, made on Saturday lait, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. 1

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that they had come to a Resolution; which they had di retted. him to report, when the House will plcale to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the Hqufe adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

The laid Resolution being read a.Second time;

Rejohed, A enduecvntradiceUte, That the House doth

agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Ordinary of the N«vy and Navy, for the Year 1731, with the Half-pay of the Army Efti-Officers of the Navy and Marines, be laid before thii ®*tes-House.

Ordered, That an Efiiinate of the Cliatge for Guards,

Garrisons, and Land faces, for the Year 1731, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, for the Year 1731, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That a List of the Regimental and Warrant Officers, who are to be in Half-pay for the Year 1731, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Accr/G* <1 the Services incurred, and not provided for L; < ent, be laid before this

House.

Ordered, That an F ' ' > ' be laid before this House, of the Charge of the Oi. ;: ;ers of Cpelfca Hospital, fof the Year 1731.

Ordered, That an Acr-outiJ. ho laid before this House, shewing, How the Money; 1 n for the Service of the Year 1730, hath been diij »lul of; distinguished under the several Heads. _ ,

Ordered, That a State of the Debt of his Majesty's Navy, as it flood at Chri/bnaslalt, be laid before this House. , __

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, filewing the Moneys, arilen within the respective Half Years, ending at Lady-day and Michaelmas lait past, as well of or for the Excels or Surplus of the Fund, commonly called the Aggregate Fund, as of or for the Excels or Surplus of the Fund, commonly called the South Sed Fund, as also of or for the Excels or Surplus of the Fund, commonly called the General Fund.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, that he-will be graciously plealed to give Directions to the proper Officers, to lav before this House the said Eftiinates, Lift, State, and Accounts.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty s most honourable Privy Council.

Sir Richard Lane presented to the House (according NeuMileV/ to Order) a Bill to naturalize Philip Jacob de Neujville, &c. Nat. Abraham de Riemer, AubinJohn and Joachim

Matthew Stelter: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Supply; next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 270 /

Mart is, 26°

Anno 40 Georgii a"1 Regis, 1730.

P R 4 Y K n s.

OIR Charles Turner (according to Order) reported from O-the Committee, of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Motion, for a Supply to be gran ted. to his Majesty, the Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he. read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz. --

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of - this Committee, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty.

Vol. *L -

Anno 4® Georgii 2n Regis, 1730.

Prayers.

THE House being informed, that some of the Com- ProKibued missioner3 of the Customs attended at the Door; Es ft.India they were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the Goods-House, pursuant to several Acts of Parliament,

An Account of prohibited East India Goods, remaining in the Warehouses at St.Ifellens, at Michaelmas 1729; with what hath been brought in since that Time, v

what exported, as also what remained at Michaelmas 1730: And also,

An Account of prohibited East India Goods, remaining in the Warehouses at Ltodenhall, at Michaelmas 1729; with what has been brought in since that Time, what exported,

596

i-f Januarii.

A.

173°.

ported, as also what remained at 1730: And

also,

An Account of prohibited Eojl India Goods, remaining in his Majesty's Warehouse in the Port of London, at Michaelmas 1729; with what hath been brought in liuce that 'lime, what exported, as also what remained at Michaelmas 1730: And allb,

An Account of prohibited Goods, remaining

in the reff>e6tive Warehouses in the Out-ports, at Michaelmas 1729; with what hath been brought in fmce that Time, w hat exported, as also w hat remained at Michaelmas 1730: And also,

An Account of naval Stores, imported from Russia into the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1729, to Michaelmas 1730; And also,

An Account of naval Stores imported from Buffia into the Ports, commonly called the Out-ports, from Michaelmas 1729, to Michaelmas 1730.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts w'ere read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to lie perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, that their Ad- Answw to dress, of Yesterday, that his Majesty w ould be graciously Addrtfi. plealed to give Directions to the proper Officers, that the several Estimates, Lift, State, and Accounts therein mentioned, might be laid before this House, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this 1 louse, that he will give Directions to the proper Officers, for laying the same before this House.

Mr. Cocliburn, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

The Ordinary Estimate of his Majesty s Navy, for the Ordinary of Year 173-1: And also, bW

An Estimate of the Debt of his Majesty s Navy, as ii Navy Debt-stood on the 31st of December 1730.

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perilled by the Members of the House.

The Estimate of the Debt of his Majesty's Navy, as it stood on the 31st of December 1730, is contained in the annexed Sheet of Paper.

Navy Office,) An ESTIMATE of the Debt of his Majesty's Navy, on the Heads hereafter mentioned, 27th January 1730./ as it stood on the 31st December 1730.

Heads of the Naval Estimates.

Particulars.

TOTAL.

Wear and Tear, ordinary and extraordinary Repairs.

Due, to pay off and discharge all the Bills, entered on the Course of the Navy, for Stores, supplied for the Service thereof - For Freight of Tenders, and for Stores delivered into his Majesty's several Yards, lor which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 31 December 1730, as also to several Bills of Exchange.

To his Majesty's Yards, and Rope-yards, for the Ordinary and Extraordinary thereof - -

For Half-pay to Sea Officers, according to an Establishment, made by his late Majesty in Council on that behalf -

Seamens Wages.

Due, to pay the Men unpaid on the Books of Ships paid off -

To Ships in Sea Pay on the abovesaid 31st of December 1730 -To discharge and pay oft' all the Bills, entered in course, for Pilotage, Surgeons Necessaries, Bounties to Widows and Orphans of Men (lain at Sea ——

Victualling Debt* as per an Estimate received from those Commissioners; viz.

Due, for short Allowance to the Companies of his Majesty's Ships in Pay, and which have been paid off -

For paying off all the Bills entered on their Course For necessary, extra-necessary, Money, Contingencies), and Bills of Exchange. ——

To the Officers, Workmen, and Labourers, employed at the several Ports ——

Sick and Hurt, the Debt of that Office, as per an Estimate received from

those Commissioners; viz.

Due for the Quarters and Cure of sick and hurt Seamen, sent aihore from his Majesty's Fleet, and Contingencies relating to the said Service

The Total amounts to the Sum of One million Five hundred and Three thousand Two hundred Sixty-six Pounds, Sixteen Shillings From whence, deducting the Money in the Treasurer's Hands, as on the other Side ——

£ ' d.

572,725 ----- -N

S.

29,340 ——

165,158 ——

19,243 18 6

) 786,465 18 6

V

17,681 4 f

205,989 ——

3,750 -

227,420 4 1

15,665 13 — 9

457,898 1

1,651 10 8,730 2

483,945 7 5

5,435 6

5,435

6 -

1,503,266 16 —

106,543 2 5*

The net Debt will be One million Three hundred Ninety-six thousand Seven hundred) *911 61

fifteen Shillings, and Six Pence Farthing - - -3 '39 ,7 3 3

Twenty-three Pounds, Thirteen

Ja. Mighell, Ja. Acxorth, Tho. Pearfe, Geo. Saunders, J. Fowler, Win. Clevland.

Memorandum,

\\ rn; \ — \

» - - i

is

o

r

to

fc.

a

w

Memorandum' There was remaining in the late and present Treasurers of the Navy's Hands, on the 31st December 1730, in Money, as under mentioned, and may be reckoned towards fetisfying O

the aforesaid Debt of the Navy; viz.

lu what Treasurer's Hands. Oh the Heads of Remaining in the Treasurer's Hands un- TOTAL.

In Money. r Wear b Tear, and Ordinary. Seamens Wages. A Vi&uab. applied towards answering the said Debt.

- £ s. d. £ d. £ s. d. £ £ s. d.

Trustees for Mr. Ilcmipdens Eliate In Money - - - 50,691 17 2\ 629. 9 6 - 5},321 6 8f

Honourable Pattee Byng, Esquire - ( f In Money - -D° towards the Debt of sick and - hurt Seamen . - 12,001 13 3 w 36,136 13 lj £49 l6 2 6,333 13 3 ] 55,221 15. 9i

12,001 J3 3 87,078 6 5i 7,4b3 2 9 106,543 2 5i

Remaining in the Exchequer for Seamens £ ' " i £ 0. d.

Wages

Received (bort of the lafi Years Supply

bo,1000

Jb 5|

80,359. 5.

id

2-

D

(Q

n'

CD

Q.

CT

o

o

o

o\

NO

598 27

The ordinary Ultimate of his Majesty's Navy, for the Year 1731, is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till To-morrcrw Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Januarii. A. 1750.

yovts, 28° dieJaAuarii,

Anno 4* Georgii 2il Regis, 1730.

Prayers.

MR. White presented to the House, pursuant to their orimct Address to his Majesty, Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1731.

And the Title thereof was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1731

LAND SERVICE.

Ordinary of the Office, comprising Repairs of Storehouses,

Barracks, Platforms, Carriages, Stores for Garrisons,

Rents, Salaries, and other incident Charges - - 38,835 7 6

Establishments at Mahon, Gibraltar, Annapolis,: Placentia, and North Britain ----- 9,962 3 9

Half-pay of the Officers, that have served well in the Trains of Artillery in Flanders, Spain, and on several Expeditions ----- -- 601 17 6

£ s. d.

49,399 8 9

EXTRAORDINARIES.

£ i. 4

Towards tarrying on the Fortifications at £. j. d.

Gibraltar ----- 7,000 ——

Towards building Barracks for one Battalion there ----- 5,000 ——

----- ----- ----- ---12,000 ——

Towards carrying on the FortificaT (Mahon - 10,000 ——

tions. Repairs of Storehouses, and > at } Annapolis 700 ——

supplying of Stores -) f 300 ——

Ordnance, and Stores, directed to be sent to South Carolina, per Order of Council, dated 14th December 1730 ——

One hundred Tons of Saltpetre ——

Exceedings, for which no Allowance hath been made by Parliament.

f To Four Regiments at Minorca, and Three Regiments Ar e Ar -orori s at Gibraltar, for their additional Men, per his m e 1V Majesty's Warrants, dated 14th April, l ith May, ( and 23d June, 1730 -

To Five Regiments, ordered to embark for the Mediterranean, and Two Regiments for Jamaica, per his Majesty s Warrants, 14th April, 10th June, and 19th October, 1730 - -

(To the Emperor of Morocco, for Redemption of Powder delivered J Captives £r Warr 10th November 1730 -

Bedding, and Stores, sent to Gibraltar, per King's Warrant, 16th December 1730 -

Tents delivered

23,000 ——

4,508 19 7 4,500 ——

959 5 6

843 3 —

370 5 —

3,342 9 —

81,408 8 4

5,515 2 6

86,923 10 10

Cka. mils, Geo. Gregory, T. White, L.

Ordered,

Duutzc'j

Nat.

Woollen Ma-mifacture.

Seamen employed.

Greenwich

Hospital.

4 Geo. II. 2.8°"= — 190 Januarii. 599

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perul'ed by the Members of the House.

A Petition of John Duntzc, of the City of Exon, Merchant, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner was born out of his Majesty's Allegiance, but is a Protestant, and has given good Proof of his Loyalty and Fidelity to his Majesty, and this Kingdom: And praying that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill to naturalize Philip Jacob de Abraham de liicmer, AubinJohn and Joachim

Matthew Steltcr, be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Woolcombers, Dyers, Weavers, Hot-preflers, Packers, dye. and Hosiers, in behalf of themselves, and other Branches of Trade, and the great Numbers of Poor dependant on them, in and about the City of London, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of the declining State of the Woollen Manufacture in general, occasioned by the exporting unmanufactured Wool from Great Britain and Ireland to our neighbouring Nations, whose Wool will not make foneat

C ~ 7 ,

Goods, as when mixed with En or Irish; and praying the Consideration of the House, and 1‘uch Redrels, aslhall be thought meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the Petition of several Matters, and Members, of the Company of Weav ers within the City of Bristol, is referred.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account of the Number of Seamen employed in the Service of the lioyal Navy, from the 3lit of December 1729, to the 31st of December 1730, upon a Medium of each Month; distinguishing what Number were borne, and what mustered, in the said Service.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account, how the Money granted last Session of Parliament for Greenwich Hospital has been disposed of.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 29 d

Anno 40 Georgii zil Itegis, 1730.

Prayers.

A PETITION of Edward Southwell, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That his late Majesty King George the First, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Ireland, granted to Edward South-well, Esquire, deceased, the Petitioner's Father, and the Petitioner, the Offices of Principal Secretary of State, and Keeper of the Privy Seal, of the said Kingdom, during their Lives: That, since the Death of the Petitioner's Father, he is entitled to the said Offices; but being in England, and urgent Business requiring his Attendance here for some Time, he cannot at present go over into Ireland, to qualify himself within the Time limited by Law for that Purpose: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Petitioner to take the Oaths in this Kingdom, and to qualify himself for the legal Enjoyment of the said Offices.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Armejly, Mr. Griffiths, and Mr. Geers, do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

Estimate of the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and other his Majesty's Land Forces, in Great Britain, for the Year 1731: And all'o,

Estimate of the Charge of his Majesty's Forces in the Plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar, for the Year 1731: And all'o,

An Account of Services incurred-, and not provided for by Parliament: And also,

Lift of reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, entitled to receive Half-pay in Great Britain, with an Estimate of the Charge thereof, for the Year 1731.

Mr. Secretary at War also, by His Majesty's Command, presented to the House,

Estimate of the Charge of Two thousand Two hundred Twenty-four Horle, One thousand Eight hundred Thirty-six Dragoons, and Eight thousand and Thirty-four Foot, of the iVoops of his Highness the Landgrave of Hejj'e Cajfell, for the Year 1731.

And the Titles of the said Estimates, Account, and Lift, were read.

Ordered, That the said Estimates, Account, and Lift, do lie upon the Tabic, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Estimates and Account are as follow* h; viz.

Vol. ai.

ESTIMATE

Southwell's Qualification for Office-

Army Etorn ates Sc c.

Hessian

Troops.

6oo

2 90 Januaril.

A.

1730.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and other his Majesty's Land Forces la

Great Britain, for the Year 1 >31.

Ilorfe - -I

t)ra

goons

' Fii ft Troop of Guards -

Second Ditto -

Third Ditto -Fourth Ditto -

First Troop of Grenadier Guards Second Ditto -Royal Regiment of Guards Lord Cobh a in's Regiment -Duke of Argyll's ... Lieutenant General I Cade's

Royal Regiment of Dragoons Colonel Campbell's Regiment -Lord Carpenter's -

Earl of Stairs -

Brigadier Kerr's -Lieutenant General s

Brigadier Churchill's Major General lionyxcooits

First Regiment of Guards

Second Ditto -Third Ditto -Brigadier Kirk's Regiment Lieutenant General Tattons Lord Cadogan's rv. I Lord Tyrawley's-0 ' Major General Grove's -

Colonel Montagu's - -

Lieutenant General -

J-ord Mark Kerr's

Colonel IJarriJbn-Colonel Handajpds -I Lieutenant General Sabine's

Invalids - f Idriigadier Fielding's Regiment of Invalids 25 Independent Companies, Ditto

Independent f Six Independent Companies in North Companies - ( Britain - - - j

Staff Officers, <$)C.

r Staff Officers -

j Garrisons, with Fire and Candle i Contingencies, upon Account

Whitehall, 29"1 January 173?-Wm. Strickland.

Pay of the Troops,

Numbers. and Regiments,

for 36o Days.

£ * d.

181 - 16,546 13 4

181 - - - 16,546 13 4

18: - - - 16,546 13 4

181 - - - 16,546 13 4

176 - - " 1 ,743 3 4

177 - - - 10,870 18 4

337 " - - 26,8^6 3 4

319 - - - 26,054 18 4

214 - - - 17,696 8 4

214 2,l6l 17,696 8 4

309 - - - 1,5,442 10 10

309 - - - 15,442 10 10

3°9 - - 15,442 10 10

309 " - 15,442 10 10

309 - 15,442 10 10

309 — — 15,442 10 10

309 - - - 15,442 10 10

309 2,472 15,442 10 10

1,725 <4 46,893 7 6

1,108 - ~ - 30,471 8 4

1,108 615 - 30,526 3 4

- - - 12,784 2 6

615 - - 12,784 2 6

615 - - - 12,784 2 6

615 - 12,948 7 6

615 - - - 12,784 2 6

615 - 12,784 2 6

615 - 12,784 2 6

615 - - - 12,784 2 6

615 - - 12,784 2 6

615 - - - 12,784 2 6

615 IOJO6 12,784 2 6

515 - - 9,906 14 2

1,300 *,815 22,584 7 6

- 555

17,709

10,877 13 35,654 12 15,000 —

4 I

Total -

TOTAL.

I- s. d.

176,124 13 4

'23,540 6

248,680 11 8 32,491 1 8

9,n5 17 6

61,532 6 3&

651,484 17

ESTIMATE

10.

4 Geo. 11.

49° Janttariii

601

7 rr — UV 1

ESTIMATE of the Charge of his Majesty's Forces in the Plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar, for the

Year 1731.

In the PLANTATIONS.

Brigadier Jones's Regiment -

Colonel Phillips's -

Four Independent Companies at New fork

One Company at Bermudas -

Two Companies at Jamaica -

One Company in the Hland of Providence -

One Company at Carolina -

Garrisons at Annapolis Royal and Placentia

In MINORCA.

Colonel Kane's Regiment -Colonel Cojbys -

Brigadier Tyrrell's -Brigadier Barr ell's -

Officers of the Garrison,

In GIBRALTAR.

Brigadier Clayton's Regiment Colonel Anjl rut tier's -Colonel Defitey's -

Officers-of the Garrison,

Numbers,

395

394

445

57

224

I12

n5

6*5

615

6*5

615

615

615

6x5

i,?4»

Pay of the Regiments, for 365 Days.

jr. s. d.

9,77 5 18 4 9»83« *3 4 7,141 16 8

1,003 15 — 3,653 — xo 1,321 19

3,071 7 6

TOTAL.

it* J. <7.

j6,2j)3 10 Id

M39 8

2,460

1,845

6,047

Provisions for Colonel Phillips's Regiment, in Garrison at Annapolis Royal, and Placentia, deducting 4 d.per , out of the Subsistence of each

Non-commission Officer and private Man, towards that Expence: Remains to be borne by the Government ..... Provisions for the several Regiments at Gibraltar, about

12.784

12.784

12.784

12.784

2

2

2

2

6

6

6

6

12.784 a 6

12.784 2 6

12.784 2 6

1,558 17 x 30,000 —

Whitehall, 29th Jan 173®-.

Total -

Wm. Strickland.

An ACCOUNT of Services incurred, and not provided for by Parliament.

The several Payments to the Contractor for furnishing Gibraltar with Pro- s. d.

visions, from the Date of his last Contraft, of the 20th of,

1725, excluding £. 10,000. paid him in Advance, according to the Terms of his Contract, did amount on the 23d Day of August, 1730, to - - 140,101 19 7

From thence to the 13th of December, 1730, is Four Months,.at 28 Days to the Month, and, allowing for the Increase of the Garrison, and for Insurance, by the Contract, is estimated at about - 13,491 — 4tl

Total Payments and F.ftimate ----- --- 153,600 — -

Dedudl the Amount of the several Grants in Parliament for this Head

of Service - -- - 142,400 — —

Remains to be pi'ovided for ——

The net Off-reckonings of the reduced Men in the Year 1729, from the 2 1729,

when the Deduction of Poundage ceiled, as to t lie reduced Mens Pay :Remainsto be otherwise provided for, amounting to ----- - - 15,452 I 5

Deduct of this the net Savings by the Reduction in the Year 1729 - 2,736 18 2

Remains to be provided for- ——

To satisfy his Majesty's Warrant, of 12th Janua, 17 to the Treasurer of the Ordnance, for reimbursing the Sums expended by them, for repairing the Store Rooms for Provisions at Gibraltar, on Account of the Damages done them during the Siege, which, by

Mr. MiJJing'sContradt, are to be borne by the Publick ——

The Difference of Pay between the English and Establishment, for the Three Regiments that served at Gibraltar, from the 25th December, 1729, to 24th December,

1730,1s .*;*.....-

To satisfy his Majesty's Warrants, of 28th April, 1730, and 29th December, 1730, to Lieutenant-general Wade, for carrying on and finiflxing the great Wheel Carriage Road in North Britain ——

Whitehall, 29th January, 173^. TotaJ. - - - £.

Wm. Strickland.

[I

Vol. ai«

7 N

51,136 16 — 6,200 % 9

38,35* 7 6 3»749 *2

3T»5j8 17

jC* 1694835 8 x|

C

ti, ib6 —

12,7*5 3 3

V

862 14 8 2,628 — — 34520 8 —

30,926 5 11

190 Junu

Honiton

Election.

6oi

A.\ 730.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of 2,224 Horse, 1,836 Dragoons, and 8,034 Foot, of the Troops of his Highness the Landgrave of Hejfe Cajjell, from the 2.5th of December, 1730, to the 24th of December, 173 being 365 Days.

ttORSt

The Pay of One Regiment of Horse, of Nine Troops* of 50 Men in a Troop, besides Officers

The Pay of Three Regiments mote, of the like Numbers ——

Total Horse v

DRAGOONS.

The Pay of One Regiment of Dragoons, of Ten Troops, of 72 Men in each, besides Officers -

One Regiment of Dragoons more, of the like Numbers

Total Dragoons *

FOOT.

The Pay of One Regiment of Foot Guards, of Ten Companies, of 43 Men in each Company, besides Officers

The Pay of One Regiment of Grenadier Guards, of the like Numbers *----

The Pay of One Regiment of Foot, of Ten Companies, of 43 Men in each, besides Officers -

The Pay of Ten Regiments of Foot more, of the like Numbers ——

Total Foot

- - Horse -

- - Dragoons

Total -

Whitehall, 29th January, 173®.

Numbers, including Officers. Pay in Holland Money. The same reduced into Sterling* at 10 Guilders, io Stivers, to the Pound.

ss6 - - Guilders, 200,256 13 C S' d. 19,072 I 3

1,668 - - - 600,769 i9 $7>ai6 3 9

- 2,224 801,026 13 0 76,288 5 —

918 236,021 15 i 22,478 5 3

918 236,021 15 i 1 *3 N> 1 % OO Lr» O*

- 1,836 472,043 n 0 44,956 10 6

618 110,962 9 , 10,567 17 —

618 — — 110,962 9 10,567 17 —

618 m a* ± 94>384 i 8,988 19 3

6,180 a A 94-3 >84i 89,889 12 6

- 8,034 1,260,150 5 i 120,014 5 9

- 2,224 801,026 13 76,288 5 —

" m 1,836 472,043 11 44,956 10 6

» — 12,094 2,533,22° 9 f 24I>259 3 =S=^= =*f

Wm. Strickland.

The Lift of reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, entitled to receive Half-pay in Great Britain, with an Estimate of the Charge thereof, for the Year 1731, is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of Sir William , Baronet, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that at the last Election of Members, to serve in this Parliament for the Borough of Honiton, com' Devon, Sir Wm. , Knight,

James Shepheard, Serjeant at Law, and the Petitioner, were Candidates: That Mr. Serjeant Shepheard, and his Agents, by Bribery, and other indirect Practices, procured several Votes, and prevailed on the Portreve to allow him several Votes, who had no Right, and tef disallow several Voters for the Petitioner, who had a Right to vote; and yet the Petitioner had a Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned; but the Portreve hath returned Serjeant Shepheard, in Prejudice to the Petitioner: And praying the Justice of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Conficleration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do examine whether the said Petition be the fame, in Substance, with the Petition presented last &(fion, and make Report thereof in the First place, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

22

The House (according to Order) refjlved itself into a Supply, Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, thst they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when- the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Sir Uiarles Turner also acquainted the House, that he

was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Kejolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Bladen, Mr. MjncW;f Clavering, Mr. Conduit, Mr. CrispMr. Earle, Sir Wm. WakWe.

Yonge, Mr. Laroche, Sir Robert Monroe, Mr. Parsons,

Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Pringle, Colonel Read, Mr. Scawen, Mr. Selwyn, Sir John Shaw, Mr. Trelawny, Mr. While, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Mr.

Corbett, Mr. Polhill, be added to the Committee to whom the Petition of several Inhabitants, Traders, and Proprietors of Land, within the Towt) of MancheJIcr, in the County of Lancaster, whole Names arc thereunto fub*

feribed, on behalf of themselves, and other Inhabitants,

Traders,

4 Geo. II. ipQ Januarii. — i0 Februarii 3

Traders, and Proprietors of Land, within the same Town, is referred.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 10 die Februarii;

Anno 4* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1730.

Prayers. v

pHILIP Jacob ic Abraham dt

* Aubin John Demaffe, Joachim Matthew Steiter, and John Duntze, took the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

Sfimen Mr. Cockburn, from the Commissioners for executing tmpJoywL the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great , pre-

fenfed to the House, pursuant to their Order, An Account of the Number of Seamen employed in the Service of the royal Navy, from the 3 lft of , 1729, to the

31 ft of December, 1730, upon a Medium of each Month, distinguishing, what Number were borne, and what mustered, in the said Service.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

Navy Office, 7 An ACCOUNT of the Number 49th January, 173°.,) of Seamen employed in the Service of the royal Navy, from the 31 ft 1729, to the 31st December, 1730, upon a Medium

of each Month, distinguishing, what Number were borne, and what mustered, in the said Service.

MONTHS. Number r Borne. of Men. 1 Mufiered.

January, 1729 - 10,140 9.244

February - - 10,124 9,712

March, 1730 - *» 10,007 9.583

April - - - - 9,760 9.321

May - < 10,161 9.737

June - - 9>998 9,264

July - 9,696 8,862

Aitguft - 9»3 79 9,070

September 9,466 9,082

0 Bober - - 9>i63 8.797

November - 9.171 8,860

December 9,168 8.723

116,233 110,255

Llpon a Medium 9,636 9,187

Ja. Mighell, J.

J. Fawier, IVm.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the 1 able, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Dr.Littleton' Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to thanked, the Reverend Dotflor Edward for the Sermon

by him preached before this House upon Saturday, the Thirtieth Day of January last, at Saint

Westminster; and that he be desired to print the fame; and that Mr. Walpole and Mr. Longueville do acquaint him therewith.

Woollen A Petition of the Subscribers, being Woolcombers, Maiufat.ure. Dyers, HoGers, Hotpreflers, and Frame-work-knitters, tftc. in behalf of themselves, and others, whole Support and Maintenance depend upon the Woollen Manufactories in and about the Town of Nottingham; and also,

A Petition of the Clothiers in and near Stroud, and Parts adjacent, in the County of Gloucester; and also,

A Petition of the Clothiers in Chulford, in the County of Gloiuefter;

V ol. 21.

Were severally presented to the House, and read; complaining of a general Declcnsion in the Woollen Trade, and the great Increase of the Poor, occasioned by the large Exportations of unwrought Wool from Great Britain and Ireland to other Nations; who, mixing it with their own Wool, make their Goods fit for Market, and thereby, and by the Cheapness of their Labour, are enabled greatly to undersell the British Merchants, to the Ruin of our Manufactures:

And praying the Consideration of the House, that the Duty may be takenoif Irish Yarn at Importation, and such Other Relief given, as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Committee to whom the Petition of several Mailers, and Members, of the Company of Weavers within the City of Bristol is refered.

Sir Gharles Jutnet (according to Order) reported from Supply,

the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Uesolutions, they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table j where the same ivere read, and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Ten thousand Men be employed for the Sea Service, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-one, beginning, from the First Day of One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Four Pounds per Man per Month, be allowed for maintaining the said Ten thousand Men, for Thirteen Months, including the Ordnance for Se aService.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms, attending^ this Members House, do go with the Mace into Westminster-hall and iummoaed. the Courts there, and into the Court of liequests,- and Places adjacent, and summon the Members there, to attend the Service of the House.

And he went accordingly;

And being returned;

Ordered That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Disabling making more effectual the Laws now in being, for dif- ^p^fion* abling Persons from being cholen Members of, or fitting being or voting in, the House of Commons, who have any Member*. Pension during Pleasure, or for any Number of Years, or any Office held in Trull for them; and that Mr. Sandys,

Sir Edward Stanley, the Lord Tyrconnel, and Mr. Wyndham, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

The1 Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself Supply, into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, being read;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed.

That the Estimateof the Chargeof theGuards, Garrisons, and other his Majesty's Land Forces, in Great Britain, for the Year 1731.be referred to the said Committee;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by inferring, between the Word " be" End the Word " referred," the Word " now."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Then the main Question being put, That the Estimzdfr of the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and other his Majesty's Land Forces, in Great Britain, for the Year 1731, be now referred to the said Committee;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas, { } >4»-

Tellers for the Noes,|^;"

So

&>4

— 5* Februarii.

A, 1730.

So It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Thcnthe House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Cliair,

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee^ that they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered That the Report lie received Tomorrow Morning;.

Sir Charles Turner also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may Rave Leave to fit again

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 29 die Februarii;

Anno 4* Georgii JlJi Regis, 1730.

Pr AY ERS.

llfbrdcombe A PETITION of tb Inhabitants of the Town and

Harbour. xV Borough of JlforJcombe, with other Parts adjoining, in the County of Devon, and also of divers Justices of the Peace, and Gentlemen, dwelling near the said Town, was presented to tlse House, and read; letting forth, that by Leogth of Time, and Violence of the Sea, the Pier of the Harbour of llfordcombe is very much decayed, and the Light-house, and Boats, belonging thereto, very much out of Repairj by Reason whereof the Navigation is very much loft, to the great Prejudice of his Majesty's Revenue, and the Trade of the said Town, which is an ancient Place for catehing of Herrings and an Harbour for the Preservation of many Ships, bound up and down Bristol Channel, by the Help of the Light-house, arid Boats there kept, for the piloting of Ships and Vessels in Distrefe, when they are taken short by contrary Winds: That there bein^ only a By-law, for laying a Duty upon all Sorts of Goods, imported and exported from the said Harbour; for repairing the Light-house, Warpiioufe, and Boats and the Duty being I'o small, and there being no Power of Distress, the said By-law has proved ineffectual, to the Loss of many Ships, the Trade of the said Town, and Ruin of the said Harbour, Light-house, and Boats: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for laying a Duty on all Goods imported and exported from the said Town, for repairing the said Harbour, Light-house, and Boats.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the I Joufe:

And it is referred to Mr. Ro/le, Sir tVm. Tange, Sir John Rufhout, Mr. WalSir Robert Monro, Lord

Gage, Mr. Orlebar, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Bacon, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Scrope. Mr. Mr Mr.

Bond., Mr. Ash, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Mr. Bertie,

Mr. Withers, Sir Wm. Mr. Byn^, Mr. Towers, Mr. Edwards, Lord Na Rowlett, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. JJoyd, Mr. Seltvyn, Mr. Shuttleworth, Sir Thomas Lee, Mr. Plummer, Major Compton, Mr. Pley dell, Mr.

Sir John Hind Cotton, Mr. and all the Members,

that serve for the Counties of Devon, Cornwall, Somerset, G/ouce/ler, and South Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Manchester A Petition of the principal Inhabitants, Traders, and

Workhouse. Land-owners, within the Town of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaj, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of tliernselves, and others, the great-eft Part of the Inhabitants, Traders, and Land-owners, within the said Town, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitionees are informed, there is a Petition depending in the House, praying Leave to bring in a Bill for erecting a publick Woik-house in the said Town, for the better Maintenance and Employment of their Poor: That there is already a convenient Workhouse hired for that Purpose by the common Consent, at a publick Meeting of the said Town, and therefore, they apprehend, there is no Occasion for any other, which will prejudice their Trade, and render their -Rights and Properties very precarious: And praying, that they may be heard by themselves, or Counsel, before such Bill be brought into the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the Petition of the several Inhabitants, Traders, and Proprietors of Land, within the Town of Manchester, in the County of easier, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and others, the Inhabitants, Traders, and Proprietors of Land, within the same Town, presented to the House the Twenty-third Day of January last, is referred; and that the Petitioners be heard by themselves, or Counsel, if they think fit, before the said Committee, against the said last mentioned Petition.

A Petition of the several Inhabitants, Land-owners, Mandril and Traders, within the Town of Manchester, in the Workbcote, County Palatine of Lancaster, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and others of the principal Inhabitants, Land-owners, and Traders, within the said Town, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners find by the Votes of the House, that theie is a Petition, praying Leave to bring in a Bill for erecting a publick Workhouse in the Towr\ of Manchester, for the better Maintenance and Employment of their Poor: That there is already a convenient Workhouse hired for the Maintenance and Employment of the Poor? in pursuance of the present Laws, by common Confeat, at a publick Town Meeting, and there is no Occasion for any other; and that a Workhouse, as intended by the Petition depending in this House, praying a Bill for that Purpose, will prejudice the Trade and Interest of the said Town, and render the Rights and Properties of the Inhabitants, Traders, and Land-owners, therein, precarious and uncertain; and that the Terms proposed for building the Workhouse petitioned for, are disagreeable to the Town in general, and have been rejected at a publick Meeting: The Petitioners therefore pray the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that they may be heard by themselves, or Counsel, before such Bill be brought in.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the Petition of the several Inhabitants, Traders, and Proprietors of Land, within the Town of Manchester, in the County of ccfier, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and others, the Inhabitants, Traders, and Proprietors of Land, within the same Town, presented to the House the Twenty-third Day of January last, is referred; and that the Petitioners be heard by themselves, or Counsel, if they think fit, before the said Committee, against the said last mentioned Petition.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be beard, at the same Time, upon the said Petition, presented to the House the Twenty-third Day of January last.

The House being informed, that Mr. Corbett, Secre- Gwiw tary of Greemvich Hospital, attended at the Door, he w;:s ",l' called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, An Account, shewing, how the Money granted last Session of Parliament for Greenwich Hospital, has been disposed of.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth;

Grecnv&ck

Natal

Services.

4 Geo. II.

2° Februarii.

605

c

s.

mrtal^nTo. } As ACCOUNT, shewing how the Money, granted lift Session of Parliament for -7J J wich Hospital, has been disposed of: Prep red in pursuance of an Order of the honourable House of Commons, of the 28th of January, 1730.

In maintaining 250 additional difebled Seamen, with 15 Nurses, being Widows of Sea Officers, or of poor Seamen, and an additional Captain and Lieutenant, between the First of January 1729, and 31st December, 1730 -

The Debts of the Hospital are cleared to the End of September last. The Charge of the H ufhold, and of the Works, between the First of October and 31st of December last, in fitting up Wards, and providing Clothing and Necessaries for too more additional Pensioners taken inrotheH >fp:ial onNew Year's Day last, whereby the Establishment is increased to 800 poor Seamen, and 5oNur(es,

and other Expences relating to the Building, amount, by Estimation, to £.7,265. 14*. 4 which Debt will be discharged by Aid of the Remainder ——

4>32° ——

- 5,680 —

Total

- £. 10,000

Tho. Corbett.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie Upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

M. Byng, Treasurer of the Navy, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, An Account of what Money has been ordered by the Right honourable the Lords of the Treasury, and received by the Treasurer

of his Majesty's Navy, for any Services of the Navy, from the 31st of December 1729, to die 31 ft of December 1730, distinguishing the Times when the same was received, and the Services to which it was applied.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The laid Account is as follow eth , viz.

Treasury-Office of the Navy, ACCOUNT of what Money has been ordered by the Right honourable 2^th January, 1730. } tfoe Lords of the Treasury, and received by the Treasurer of his Majesty's *y»

for any Services of the Navy, from the 31st of December 1729, ro the 3 1 ft of December 1730, dist rvgu flvng the Times when the same was received, and the Services to which it was applieii, prepared in pursuance of an Order of the honourable House of Commons, of the 23d of January 1730; viz.

Time. SERVICES. Sum. TOTAL.

1730. January 9th. The Right honourable the Lords of the Treasury have been pleased to direct, that out of the £ 29,000. remaining unapplied in Money, paid by the Bank of England for the like Sum in Land Tax Tallies and Orders, Anno 1728, the Sum of £. 10,467. ioj. be applied to the Services following; viz. £. j. d. £. S. d.

On the Head of Ordinary:

To pay a Quarter's Salary to the Right honourable the Lords of the Admiralty, the Commissioners and other Officers of the Navy, due s. d. Christmas last - 7 To pay a Quarter's Pension to Sir Stafford Fairborne, and others, due D" - 297 10 — py f* A Py € aoMMS

On the Head of Wages: 7o97 10 j

To pay a Quarter's Allowance to the Right honourable the Earl of Peterborough, as General of his Majesty's marine Forces, due Christmas last - 870 —

On the Head of Wear and Tear:

To pay Imprefts, and Bills of Exchange - 2,000 — 10,467 10 —

January 17 th {,- s. d. 1,528 12 6 , S»47I 7 6 The Right honourable the Lords of the Treasury have been jpbafed to direct, that out of the following Funds the Sum of £ 17,000 should be applied to the Services under-mentioned; viz. Remaining unapplied out of Money, advanced by the Bank of England for Exchequer Bills on the Land Tax, Anno 1729. Out of Money paid by D°, being Part of the above £.29,000. Land Tax Tallies, Anno 1728.

£.17,000

On the Head of Wear and Tear:

To pay several Artificers, who are to be discharged from his Majesty's Yards - . To pay Imprefts, and Bills of Exchange - 14,000 — 3,000 — 17,000 — *-

Mar. 4th. Received at his Majesty's Exchequer in Money advanced By the Bank of England for Exchequer Bills on the Land Tax, Anno 1730, the Sum of £.257,312. far the Services under-mentioned j viz.

Vol. 21. 7 O On

6o6

Time.

*73°-Apr. 9th.

24th.

June 5 th.

2° Februafii.

SERVICES.

On the Head of Wear and Tear:

To pay Three Months Course, due 3 ift October 1727 -To pay all the Yards Two Quarters Pay, due 1729 j viz.

£. d.

On the Head of Wear and Tear - - 42,509 ——

Ordinary - - - 43,700 ——

On the Head of Ordinary:

To pay Half a Year's Half pay to the

Sea Officers, due 31&.December 1729 - 15,000 ——

To pay Half a Year's Pension to super-annuated Sea Officers, and others, due Christmas last - - - 3,679 — —

On the Head of Wages:

To pay Bills in Course, for Pilotage, fcfr.

due 31st December 1729 - - - 5,217 ——

To pay sick and hurt Seamens Quarters

One Year, due 30th September 1729 - 6,436 15 4

To pay Bills numbered in Course in the

sick and hurt Office - - - 359 4 10

To pay Bills of Exchange, drawn on that

Office - - - - 2,203 *9 i°

On the Head of Victualling:

To pay Three Months Course, due 31st

October 1727- ... -29,438 -

To pay the Coopers, Labourers, £sV.

Two Quarters Pay, due Midsummer

1729 ----- - 5,626 ——

Received in Money at his Majesty's Exchequer, out of Loans on the Land Tax, Anno 1730, the Sum of £.33,892, ioj. for the Services under-mentioned j viz.

On the Head of Ordinary:

To pay a Quarter's Salary to the Right honourable the Lords of the Admiralty, the Commissioners and other Officers the Navy, due Lady-day

last ----- - .7,800 ——

To pay a Quarter's Pensions, due D®

time ----- - 297 10 —

Sum;

£ d. i03, H3 ——

86,209 —

*8,679 ——

14,217 —

35,064 ——

8,097

A. 1730.

TOTAL,

£ d.

257,312 —

On the Head of Wages:

To pay a Quarter's Allowance to the Earl of Peterborough, as General of his Majesty's marine Forces,

due Lady-day last - 900 ——

To pay a Year's Pension to the Chest at

Chatham, due Lady-day 1729 - - 10,000 ——

To pay off his Majesty's Ship the Saphire 6,054 — — To pay his Majesty's Ships

Portland, Bland ford, fVinchelsea, Squirrel, and Oxford, to 31st December 1729.....- 3»84i ——

On the Head of Victualling:

To pay Bills of Exchange - 2,000 ——

To pay Necessary Money, and Contingencies ----- 3,000 ——

Received in Money at his Majesty's Exchequer, out of Loans on the Land Tax, Anno 1730, the Sum of £. 14,000, for the Services under-mentioned , viz.

On the Head of Wear and Tear:

To pay Imprest, and Bills of Exchange -

On the Head of Wages:

To pay all his Majesty's Ships and Vessels in Sea-pay at home, to 31st December 1729 -

Received at his Majesty's Exchequer in Money, out of

20,795 ——

5,000 — —

4,000 ——

10,000 ——

33,892 10 —

14,000 — —

Loans

0,

4 Gfeb. IL

i° Februarii.

Time.

June 26th.

July 16 th.

Vo

i- 21.

Services.

Loans on the Land Tax, Anno 1730, the Sum of £.25,142. for the Services under-mentioned; viz.

- 11,392

- 4,633

- 6,117

On the Head of Wages:

To pay off his Majesty's Ships,

Chatham -

Rupert -

Lyme -

On the Head of Victualling:

To pay necessary Money, and Contingencies -

The Right honourable the Lords of the Treasury have been pleased to direct, that the £.3,061. zs. being the Remainder of the £.29,000. paid by the Bank of England for Land Tax Tallies and Orders, Anno 1728, be applied to the Service under-mentioned; viz.

On the Head of Wear and Teari To pay Imprefts, and Bills of Exchange -

Received at his Majesty's Exchequer, out of Money advanced by the Bank of Engl for Exchequer Rills on the Malt Duty, Anno 1730, the Sum 0^.140,845. ior for the Services under-mentioned; viz.

On the Head of Ordinary.

To pay a Quarter's Salary to the Right honourable the Lords of the Admiralty, the Commissioners and other Officers of the Navy, due Midfu 7,700-

To pay a Quarter's Pension, due D®

time ----- - 297 10 —

On the Head of Wages:

To pay off his Majesty's Ships Pearl Dolphin Dover

To pay his Majesty's Ship to 31st December 1729

£ 9,476 7,4i3 6,627

- 4,609

28,125 ——

To pay Two Months in Six to Ships now in Sea-pay, and Advance Money, pursuant to Act of Parliament - 10,000 — — To pay Bills of Fxchange, drawn on the

Sick and Hurt Office - -' - 1,000 — —

Tcpay the Earl of Peterborough a Quarter's Allowance, as General of his Majesty's marine Forces, due Jummer 1730 ----- 910 —

To pay all the Yards Two Quarters Pay, due Christmas 1729; viz.

On the Head of Wear and Tear - 35»13° — — Ordinary - 47,000 ——

On the Head of Victualling:

To pay Bills of Exchange -To pay short Allowance to his Majesty's Ships -

To pay Necessary Money, Short Beer Money, and Contingencies To pay the Coopers, Labourers, 13c. Two Quarters Pay, due Christmas 1729

- 2,000 ——

- 2,000 — —

- 2,000 ——

- 4,683 ——

Received at his Majesty's Exchequer in Money, advanced by the Bank of England for Exchequer Bills on the Malt Duty, Anno 1730, the Sum of £.38,918; for the Services under-mentioned; viz.

On the Head of Wages. To pay off his Majesty's Ships,

Plymouth Princess Guarland -

L

n,8oo

6,504

5.76*

607

Sum.

£. d.

22,142 ——

3,000 ——

7,997 io —

TOTAL.

£. S. d.

25,142 ——

3,061 4 6

140,845 10 -A

24,065 — —

On

608 2° Februarii.

Time. SERVICES. Sum.

On the Head of Ordinary: To pay Half a Year'* Half-pay to the Sea Officers, due 30th June 1730 - 11,000 T0 pay Half a Year's Pension to iupcr- annuated Sea Officers, &c.due Mid-summer last ----- 3,853 — — £. s. d 14,853

July 24th. Received at im- Majesty's Exchequer in Money, advanced by the Bank of England for Exchequer Bills on the Malt Duty, Anno 1730, the Sum of £. 126,806. for the Services under-mentioned;

On the Head of Wear and Tear: To pay Three Months Course, due 31st January 1727 68,362

On the Head of Victualling: To pay Three Months Course, due 31st January 1727 58,444

September 16th. Received at his Majesty's Exchequer, out of the follow* ing Funds, the Sum of 15,133. for the Services under-mentioned viz.

£ * 11,696 3 8f '3.436 '6 3i Out of Money advanced by the Rank of England for Exchequer Bills on the Malt Duty, Anno 1730. Out of Money advanced by D° for Exchequer Bills, charged on the Act for raising 550,000. for the Supplies, Anno 1739.

£-25.*33

On the Head of Wages:

1730. To pay off his Majesty's Ships, Shoreham - - - Anglesea - Biddeford - - - 7.897 10,500 — — 6,736

October 2d. Received at his Majesty's Exchequer, out of Money advanced by the Bank of England for Exchequer Bills, c harged on the Act for raffing 550,000. for the Supplies, Anno 1730, the Sum of 10.967. 10 0 for the Services uqder-rmentioqed; viz.

On the Head of Ordinary: To pay a Quarter's Salary to the Right honourable the Lords of the Admiralty, the Commissioners and other Officers of the Navy, due Michaelmas £. s. d. 173° 7>7°° To pay a Quarter's Pensions, due D* time ----- 197 10 — 7.997 10 — 970 — — 2,000 — —

On the Head of Wages: To pay a Quarter's Allowance to the Earl of Peterborough. as General of his Majesty's marine Forces, due D® time ----- -- On the Head of Wear and Tear: To pay Imprefts, and Bills of Exchange -

9th. Received at his Majesty's Exchequer, out of Money advanced by the Bank of England for Exchequer Bills, charged on the Act for raffing^. 550,000. for the Supplies, Anno 1730 [the Sum of 2,000.*] for the Service under-mentioned; viz.

December 18 th. On the Head of Victualling: To pay Bills of Exchange - - -Received at his Majesty's Exchequer, out of Money arisen by the Sale of the late Mr. s Estate, the Sum of £. 5,000. for the Service under-mentioned; viz. To be paid over to Greenwich Hospital, towards the Received at his Majesty's Exchequer in Money, out of £. 200,000. paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer by the East India Company, as Part of the Supplies, Anno 1730, the Sum of £. 101,401. for the Services under-rpentioned; viz.

Supplied from the original Account.

-dL' 1750.

TOTAL.

38,918 ——

126,806 ——

25.I33 ——

10,967 10

2,000 —

5,000

On

4 Geo. II. 2* Felruarii. 60c)

Thnr. SERVICES. Sum. TOTAL.

On the Head of Wear and Tear: To pay Three Months Course, due 30 April 1728 On the Head of Victualling: To pay Three Months Course, ended £. s. d. 30th April 1728 - 43,285 — — To pay Necessary Money, and Contingencies - 3,000 £. s. d. 55,116 46,285 — — £. s. d.

1730, December 30th. C s. d. 15,468 18 7 5*54® 11 5 Received at his Majesty's Exchequer in Money, out of the following Funds, the Sum of £. 21,009. lor. 0 for the Services under-mentioned; viz. Out of £. 200,000. paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer by the EafiIndia Company, as Part of the Supplies, Anno 1730: Out of Money advanced by the Bank of England lot Exchequer Bills on the Act for raising £ 550,000. for the Supplies, Anno 1730. 101,401 — -

£21,009 10 —

On the Head of Ordinary: To pay a Quarter's Salary to the Right honourable the Lords of the Admiralty, the Commissioners and other Officers of the Navy, due Christmas last ..... 7>7°° — ' — To pay a Quarter's Pensions, due D° time - - - - 297 10 —

On the Head of Wear and Tear: To pay Imprefts, and Bills of Exchange - 7,907 TO 2,000 —

On the Head of Wages: To pay a Quarter's Allowance to the Earl of , as General of his Majesty's marine Forces, due Christmas last - 870 To pay off his Majesty's Ship the 4,187 — — To pay his Majesty's Ship the Romney, to 31st December 17x9 - - - 5,955 f 1 Afa

I 1,0 I Z 21,009 10 —

The Sum Total is Eight hundred Thirty-two thousand Nine hundred?-Fifty-five Pounds, Twcive Shillings, and Six Pence - j*' 832,955 ti 6

Pattee Bytig.

Ordered, That the said Account do He upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Disabling Mr. Sandys presented to the Hou fe (accord i ng to Order)

Persons a Bill for making more effectual the Laws in being, for fionslrom"" disabling Persons from being chosen Members of, or teing fitting or voting in, the House of Commons, who have - Htmben. any Pension during Pleasure, or for any Number of Years, or any Offices held in Trust for them; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be read a Second time. Ordered, That the Bill be printed.

Supply. Sir Charles burner (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re--- ferred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions, they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are as followeth; viz.

Refo/ved. That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Number of effective Men to be provided for Guards and Garrisons in Great , and for Guernsey

and Jersey, for the Year 1731, be, including One thousand

Eight hundred and Fifteen Invalids, and Five hundred Fifty-five Men, which the Six Independent Companies coniift of, for the Service of the Highlands, Seventeen Vol. 2L.

thousand Seven hundred and Nine Men, Commission and Non-commission Officers included.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Six hundred Fifty-one thousand Four hundred Eighty-four Pounds, Seventeen Shillings, and One Peny Half-Peny, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the said Seventeen thousand Seven hundred and Nine Men, for Guards,

Garrisons, and other his Majesty's Land Forces, in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, for the Year 1731.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The House was (according to Order) Called Over; and Call of the the Names of such Members as made Default to appear, House. were taken down.

Ordered, That the Names of such Members, as made Default to appear, be now called over.

And the Names of several of them being called over;

Lome appeared; others were excused upon account of Illness, and some, as being upon the Road 1 and others, who were not excused, were ordered to attend upon this Day Fortnight.

The Name of Sir William Courtenay, Baronet, being called;

7 p And

6io

2 — 3

Februarii.

A. 1730,

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That Sir William Courtenay be excused;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for (he Yeas, j: } "'6'

Tellers for the Noes, { } 88.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Name of Wm. Nor, Esquire, being called; And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That William Northmore, Esquire, be excused;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Teas,} "j; 34-

Tellers for the Noes,|^‘ ] ^2*

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then a Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the further calling over the Names of such Members as have made Default to appear, be adjourned till this Day Fortnight;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the House went through the Lift of Defaulters-; and, upon calling over the fame, several of them appeared, and others were excused, upon account of their being ill, forne in the Country, some in Town, and some, as being upon the Road.

And those who were not excused, were, upon the Question severally put upon them, ordered to attend at certain Times appointed for them, as followeth; viz. Ordered, That Sir Rowland , Baronet, Sir liam Stanhope, Knight of the Bath, Arthur Esquire, Colonel John PSir Baronet, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Baronet, Richard Coffin, Francis Drew,

Esquires, Sir James , Knight, John Bond,

Charles Pelham, Thomas Master, Thomas Hope. Thomas Strangeways Horner, George JtJeph Danvers, John

Neale, John Ramsden, Giles Eyre, John Gifford, Robert Myddle.'on, Esquires, and Sir Roger Mostyn, Baronet, do attend this House upon this Day Fortnight.

Ordered, That William Duff, Patrick Dunbar, Charles Arejkine, Robert Dundafs, Esquires, the honourable William Sutherland, Esquire, and Colonel William Dal-rimp/e, do attend this House upon this Day Month.

Ordered, That such Members as have particular Days appointed for their attending the Service of the House, and shall not then attend, be taken into Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Wrighte, Sir Clobery Mr.

Booth, Mr. Lawjon, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Mr. Keymys, Mr. Lyddell, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr Lord

Gage,- Mr. Vyner, Mr. Oglethorpe, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Charlton, Sir IVm. Morice, Mr. Mr. Peytoe,

Mr. Fuller, Mr. Bacon, be added to the Committee to whom the Petition of several Inhabitants, Traders, and Proprietors of Land within the Town of Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and others, the Inhabitants,. Traders, and Proprietors of Land, within the same Town, is referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 30 die Februarii;

Anno 40 Georgii IP* Regis, 1730. Prayers.

DftmWton, PETITION of John Esquire, was pre-

c. ection. ft-nted to the House, and read; letting forth, that,

in order to the late Election of a Burgess, to lerve in Parliament for the District of the JBurghs of

M.irrh*fler

Workhouse.

Glasgow, Renfrew, and Rutherglen, James Pedie was eledied Commissioner for Glasgow, Colen Campbell for Renfrezv, David Pinkerton, for Rutherglen, and there was a double Election for Dumbarton, of David fuhon, and George Smallet i That the said Election was on the Ninth Day of September 1717; and the Commissioner?

from Glasgow, Rutherglen, and David from

Dumbarton, appeared at the Town-house of Dumbarton, which was the proper Place of Election, and demanded Admittance; but the said George Smallet, having the Night before placed a Guard of armed Men in the Town* house, and having another Guard of the Town Officers, and others, along with him, thought fit to post himself, with a Halbert in his Hand, at the Door, and, taking upon himself to judge who were lawful Delegates, refused to admit any but whom he thought fit, and, in particular the said David Colquhon, and likewise refuted Entrance to David Hutchinson, who appeared with a Commission to be Common Clerk to the Town of Dumbarton-, whereupon the Commissioners for Glasgow and Rutherglen infilled, that every Person pretending to have a Commission to be Delegate, or Common Clerk, should be admitted, that their Right might be determined; which the said Smallet absolutely refused, saying, hirnielt was the legal Delegate for Dumbarton, without so much as shewing any Commission for that Purpose: Against which Proceedings the Commissioners for Glasgow, Rutherglen, and the said David Colquhon, protected, and declared they came there to have given their Votes for the Petitioner; and, giving publick Notice to all then present, withdrew to the nearest convenient House, and chose the Petitioner, and made use of the said David Hutchinson as Clerk for the Meeting; and the Commissioner from Renfrew refuted to concur with Smallet, as apprehending his Proceedings to be arbitrary; but the said George Smallet alone has taken upon him to name Daniel Campbell, Esquire, to be Member of the said District, and James Duncanfon, as Common Clerk of Dumbarton, hath returned him, as duly elected, in prejudice of the Petitioner: And praying the Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections, and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Mr. Annejley presented to the House (according to Snntllwf]|l( Order) a Bill to enable Edward South-well, Esquire, to Qmlifcitioi take the Oaths in this Kingdom, and to qualify hiinldt for fflr 0®ce-the legal Enjoyment of the Offices of principal Secretary of State, and Keeper of the Sigftet and privy Seal'or the Kingdom of Ireland; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the Hundred of Northwith, and Parts adjacent, in the County Palatine of was presented to

the House, and read; praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to impower Trustees to erect a Turnpike ot Turnpikes upon the Roads, leading from Lawton Gate, in Lawton, in the County of Chester, to the'Township of Allo/lock, in the said County, for repairing the said Roads and the Post Road towards Lancaster, which are ruinous and dangerous, and, upon that account, in a great Measure deserted, to the great Prejudice of many populous Towns in the said Counties; and the same cannot be sufficiently repaired by the Laws in being.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Considermion of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the feme, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Sir John

Hiiide Cotton, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Sir John

Ruftiout, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Clutter buck,' Mr. Thompson, Sir Robert Furnffe, Sir' Justitiian , Brigadier

Laarion, &£. Rm4

to

bh

4 Geo. II. 30 — 40

611

gadier Sutton, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Mr.

Tu/ne/l, Lord Gage, Mr. Burton, Mr. Williams, Mr.

Shuttleworth, Mr. More, Sir Robert Monroe, Mr.

Mr. Wyndham, Mr. Cho Turner, Sir Charles,

Lord Hervey, Mr. Gybbon Mr. Sir Geo. den. Sir Thomas Aston, Mr. Winn'mgton, General Ross, Loid Morpeth, Mr. Scaweti, Lord Malpas, Mr.

Lord inchrquin, Mr. Sevan, Mr. Mr. Harrison,

Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Edwards, Mr. Law-fen, Mr. Alderman Child-, and all the Members, that lerve for the Counties of Chester, and Stafford:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Woollen A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common-Muufadure. council, and also of the Merchants, Clothiers, and Fullers, of the City of Exeter, in behalf of themselves, and many Thousands more, engaged in the Woollen Manufacture; and also,

A Petition of the Bay-makers, Woolcombers, Weavers, and others, concerned in the Woollen Manufacture in the Borough of Colchester, in the County of Essex;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; complaining of the great Decay in the Woollen Manufacture, chiefly occasioned by the running of vast Quantities, both of Wool unwroUght, and Woollen Goods thoroughly manufactured, from Ireland, into foreign Parts, and the Transportation of Wool from this Kingdom: And praying such Redress as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Committee to whom the Petition of several Masters, and Members, of the Company of Weavers within the City of is referred.

Neufville'i, A Bill to naturalize Philip Jacob de Neufville, de. Nat. ham de Riemer, Aubin John Demaffe, and Joachim Mat-

thew St el ter, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Richard Lane, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Hamilton, Sir Yonge, Mr. Withers, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Byng, Sir Robert Monroe, Mr. Williams, Six Edmund , Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Cunningham, Mr. Waller, Mr. Winning ton, Lord Gage, Lord Inchiquin, Mr. Wyndham, Mr. Turner, Mr. Stuart, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Baron , Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Norris, Mr. Mr. Gregory,

Lord Glenorchy, Mr. St. John, Dr. Sayer, Mr. Rolle, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Bevan, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Bertie, Sir John Rufhout, Mr. Bacon, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Thomp/on, Air Duncombe, Mr. Barton, Mr. Polhill, Mr. Tufnell, Mr. Towns, Mr. Sandys. Sir Tho. Franklin, Mr. Wefiby, Sir Charles Vernon, Air Air. Vernon: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Petition of John Duntze, of the City of Exon, Merchant, which was ordered to lie upon the Table until the Second Reading of the said Bill, be referred to the said Committee; and that they do admit the Petitioner into the said Bill, if they think fit.

Supply. The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply ganted to his Majesty, being read;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the Estimate of the Charge of Two thousand Two hundred Twenty-four Horse, One thousand Eight hundred Thirty-six Dragoons, and Eight thousand and Thirty-four Foot of the Troops of his Highness the Landgrave of Hejfe Caffv, for the Year 1731, be referred to the said Committee;

And the House being moved, that the Translation of a Convention between his late Majesty and the late Landgrave ot Hesse Caff el, lath of March 172^, presented to the House on the First Day of February 1726, might be read:

The same was read accordingly.

Vox.. 21.

Then the Question being put, That the Estimate of the Charge of Two thousand Two hundred Twenty-four Horse, One thousand Eight hundred Thirty-six Dragoons, and Eight thousand and Thirty-four Foot, of the Troops of his Highness the Landgrave of HeJffe for the Year 1731, be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for t he Yeas. J mfffff' } *49-

Tellers for he Noes,} } .64.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refutned the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Turner also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis> 40 die

Anno 40 Georgii IP1 Regis, 1730.

Prayers.

S\R D E RE D, That Peter Bold, Esquire, have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Petition of the High Sheriff Justices of the Peace, Grand Jury, and other Gentlemen, met together at the Assizes held at New Sarunt, for the County of Wilts, the Seventh of March, in the third Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the commorx Gaol for the said County is, and always has been, defti-tute of an Habitation for the Keeper thereof, but they have always lived in a House of their own, which is adjoining to the said Gaol: That the Petitioners, being fen-fible of the many Inconveniences that may happen for want of a Prize, or House of Habitation, have agreed with the present Gaoler for the Purchase of his House, adjoining to the said Gaol, in order to annex it thereto: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Petitioners, in such manner as the House shall think fit, to raise a Sum, not less than 1,750. nor more than £.z,oco. within the said County, to be applied by the Justices of the Peace, at their Quarter Sessions, for the Purchase of the present Gaoler's House, in order to annex it to the said Gaol, for a House of Habitation for the Keepers thereof, and that the Overplus of the said Sum, if any, may go into the Stock remaining in the Hands of the Treasurer of the said County.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Alatter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Talbot, Mr. How, Mr. Earle, Mr. Plumptref Mr. Lloyd, Mr. , Mj. Whitworth,

Sir

Leave eff A blende.

Wiltlhife Gat'I.

6l2

4" — 5° Fe

Sir James Campbell Sir Edmund Colonel Onslow,

Sir john Einl Cotton, Mr. Hind Cartwright, Mr. jJ!' ^r* Bathurst, Colonel Aeons, Mr. Codington, Mr.

Wyndham, Mr. Geers, Mr. Mr.

Mr.- Holland, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Seme, Mr. Clayton, Mr. St. John, Colonel BladMr. Mr.

A. 173d.

Alderman Child, Mr. Bramflon, Mr.

Sir John Dutton, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Page, Mr. vering. Captain Key my s. Lord' Mr. Tufnell,

Mr. Cho/mndelcy, Mr. Scawen, Mr. Drummond, Mr.

Bifkops Tachbrooke In closure.

Potenger, Mr. Bertie, Mr. j and all the Members that lerve for the County of frills: And all, that come, are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Sir Walter Wagstaffe Bagot, Baronet, Lord of the Manor of in the County of Warwick, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that there are several common Fields, and uninclosed Lands, lying within the said Manor; and Samuel Carte, Clerk, in Right of his Rectory, is intitled to 34 Acres, Part of the said uninclosed Lands, which are incapable of Improvement, otherwise than by Inclosure; and it is agreed, that the same shall be inclosed, and divided 5 but such Agreement cannot be established without the Aid of Parliament: Therefore the Petitioner prays, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing the common Fields, and uninclosed Lands, lying within the Minor and Parish of Tachbrooke aforesaid, according to an Agreement for that Purpose, or in such manner, as to the House shall leem irieet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the v Matter thereof, and report the lame, as it shall appear

to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Digby, Mr. Mr.

Alderman Child, Mr. Bramston, Mr. Ward, Sir Jvftinian Ilham, Sir John Hinde Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr.

Harvey, Mr. Longueville, Mr. , Mr.

Mr. Bacon, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Harley, Sir Geo. Beaumont, Sir Archer Crcft, Sir Archibald Grant, Mr. C wynd. Sir Robert Abdy, Mr. Page, Mr. Gould Colonel Negus, Mr. How, Mr. Walcot, Sir Robert Sir

John St. Aubin, Mr. Scawen, Mr. Waller, Mr.

Mr. Geers, Mr. Poulteney. Sic Nicholas Williams, Sn John AJlley, Sir Richard GrosveuorMr. Gybbon, Mr. Edwards,

Major Compton, Mr. Berkley, Mr. Scrope, Mr. Shippen, Mr. Lezvar, and all the Members that lerve for the Counties of Stafford and Warwick: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Woollen A Petition of the Clothiers of and adjacent

Manufacture. Parts in the County of Gloucester, in behalf of them-lclves, and many Hundred poor Families; and also,

A Petition of the Clothiers in the County of Wilts', Were severally presented to the House, and read; complaining of a great Decrease of their Trade, and Increase of the Poor, occasioned by the clandestine Exportation of unwrought Wool from Great Britain and Ireland to other Nations; who, by the Cheapness of tlreir Labour, are enabled to underfill us at foreign Markets, to an unspeakable Loss to this Kingdom: And praying the Consideration of the

their Opinion to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued:

And it is referred to Mr. B, Mr- Lyjler, Mr. How, Mr. Plummer, Mr Ward, Mr. Scrope, Sir Robert Sutton, Mr. Wither, Mr. Bladen, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Colonel Negus, Mr. Tufnell, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Williams, Sir Charles Turner, Sir Wm.

Yonge, Mr. Fane, Mr. Sandys, Mr Lord -

main. Colonel Onslow, Mr. Huxley, Mr. Talbot, Mr.

Byng, Mr. Geers, Mr. Clayton, Sir JuJlinian Ifham, Sir Janies Campbell, Mr. Keif all, Mr. Tilfon, Mr. Whitworth,

Mr. Forbes, Mr. Drummond, Sir John Rujbout, Sir Richard Lane, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Pulteney. Major Compton, Mr. Oglethorpe, Mr. Alderman Child, Mr. Harley, Sir John Williams, Mr. Chetwynd,

Mr. Bevan, Mr, Chamberlain, Mr. Waller, Mr. Sam-brooke, Mr. Charlton, Lord Mayor of London, Sir Geo. Cafwall, Mr. Bootle, Mr Browne, Mr. Moore, Sir John St. Aubin, Sir John Hinde Cotton, Sir Robert Abdy; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afthernoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir Charles Turner (according to Order) reported from j . the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution, they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in hisPiace, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred Forty-one thousand Two iiundred Fifty-nine Pounds, One Shilling, and Three Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Expence ot Twelve thousand Hessians, taken into his Majesty s Pay, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-one.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, Waj, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, andaiwj. to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V enertSy5° dieFebruarii;

Anno 40 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1730. Prayers.

MR. Scrope presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

Surplusses, stated at Lady-day 1730; and, Surplusses, stated at Michaelmas 1730.

And the Titles thereof were read.

Ordered, That the said Surplusses do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. The said Surplusses are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

SurpluSu.

Expiring

Lawn.

The House being informed, That Mr. Frecker, from the Treasury, attended at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their House, that the Duty may be taken off from Irifk Addrets to his Majesty, An Account, shewing how the Yarn at Importation, and such other Relief given. Money given for the Service of the Year 1730, hath " -- T* /''- been diipofgd Qft distinguished under the several Heads,

until the 5th Day of February 1744, and the Parts thereof remaining unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereupon.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The laid Account is contained in the annexed Sheet of Paper.

An

Dispofiiioi ef Grant'.

as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Committee to whom the Petition of several Masters and Members, of the Company of Weavers within the City of Bristol, is referred.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inspect what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report

*5

An ACCOUNT, shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1730, hath been disposed of, distinguished under the several Heads, until the 5

and the Parts thereof remaining unsatisfied; with the Deficiency thereupon.

of Febru#1> 173

rn

c

jr1

tO

SERVICES.

Navy*

Ordnance.

/For Victuals, Wages, and Wear and Tear, of the Navy, and the Viduailing thereof, for 10,000 Men 7 Fur the Ordinary of the Navy, and for Half-pay to Sea Officers ——

lFor the Extraordinary Repairs of the Navy ——

Towards the Support of the royal Hospital at Greenwich ——

Forces*

{For Ordnance, Sea Services ——

For Ditto, Land Services ——

For extraordinary Expences for Land Services, not provided for by Parliament -

rFor defraying the Charge of 17,709 Men, for Guards, Garrisons, and Land Forces, Anno 1730 ——

I For maintaining his Majesty's Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar, Anno 1730 -'

I For defraying the Expence of 12,000 Hessians, taken into his Majesty'sPav, for the Year 1730 ——

J For a Year's Subsidy to the Duke of Brunswick Lunenburgh Wolftnbuttle Upon Account of Out-pensioners of Chelsea Hospital ——

Upon Account of Ilalf-pay to reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, Anno 1730 -

For defraying several extraordinary Expences and Services incurred, and not provided for by Parliament - -

Upon Account of one Year's Pensions, from 25th of December 1729, to the Widows of Half-pay Officers of Land Forces, married before Christmas 171$ ——

A

D

CQ

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

c2

FT

1

Deficiencies.

fTo make good the Deficiency of the Malt Duty, Anno 1728 -To make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax, Anno 1728 -To make good the Deficiency of the General Fund, at Michaelmas 1729 To make good the Deficiency of the Grants, Anno 1729; viz*

To the Navy ——

To the Ordnance ——

To the Forces ——

£. s. d. 50,000 — —

49^49 3 6 16,196 16 9

Towards the Maintenance of the British Forts and Settlements, belonging to the Royal African Company of England, on thfe

Coast of Africa ..... ——

For the Purchase of the Interest of Dougal Cuthbert, Esquire, in a reversionary Grant to him, during Life, of the Office of Warden of the Fleet Prison....

The Grants towards supplying the said Services:

t. d.

494,000 — —

213,168 i6 5:

120,618 — —

10,000 — —;

26,000 — ... ]

77 >'*7 11 3

17^72 18 —;

651,484 *7 *f

160,235 8 d;

24-1.359 1 3

25,000 — — -

23,452 16 3

64,000 — —

28,780 12 5|

1,500 —

*27.457 11 54

82,813 19 6 ,

63.344 16 5j

115,446 _ 3

10,000 — — 2,500 ——

1. d.

837,786 16 5

1*0,400 9 3

1,195,71* 15 2*

489,062 7, 7J

12,500 — —

Sums paid.

1.

764,79s — —

70,698 t 4

1,148,972 12 6J

Remains to be paid.

489,-062 7 71

12,500 ——

2,655.4* 8 6» 2,486,026 l 6

£. *

l, QOQ^oooo ----- -By the Land Tax, Anno 1730.

750.000 — — By the Malt Duty, Anno 1730.

200.000 — — By the East India Company.

550.000 ----- By Exchequer BHIs, to be repaid out of theiirft.

Aids granted after 29th September 1730, and till then charged on the Surplus of the East India Company's Fund after 25th Mar. 1730* 11,655 11 q£ By Arrears of former Land Taxes.

9,494 a 3 By Arrears of th* Duties on Malt. Anno 1728.

RMidue of the Grants undisposed: Exchequer Bills, rest of £. 550,000. -Deficiency of the Grants, Anno 173# -

Ms Frtiktr.

£ *.

73,993 16 5

49,702 7 u

46.740 2 8$ v

16M36 7 -{

33.143 14 6J" 134»3»4 14 6

Bit-

2,521,149 14 — I 134.312 14 6 . Deficiency ofibe Grant*, Amm 1730.

? February, 173°.

£.2.655.462 8 6£

Af Geo. II. 3° Februdrii.

614

50 — 8° Februarii.

A. 17jo.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Subsidy Mr. Secretary at War (by his Majesty's Command) to Duke of presented to the House,

WoifcabutteU. Account of Subsidy, payable by his Majesty to

the Duke of Brunswick Lunenburg pursuant to Treaty.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth;

AwACCOUNT of Subsidy, payable by his Majesty to the Duke of Bruns Lunenburg Wolfcnbut tell, pursuant to Treaty.

Per Annum.

To the Duke of Brunswick Lunenburg Wol- £. fenbuttell ',pursuant to a Treaty, dated the 25th Day of March 1727 - 25,000

Whitehall., 4th F, 17-54.

Wm. Strickland.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Wooden A Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, and Assistants, and Maaufaflure. of the Merchants, Serge-makers, Fullers, and others, in behalf of themselves, and many Thousands of Labourers in the Woollen Manufacture, within the Borough of Tiverton, in Devon, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of a great Decrease of their Trade, and Increase of the Poor, occasioned by vast Exportations of Wool and Yarn from his Majesty's Dominions, and of Wool, manufactured, from Ireland, to other Nations, who, by the Cheapness of their Labour, and mixing our Wool with their own, are enabled to rival and undersell us in foreign Markets, to the Ruin of our Trade: And praying such Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Masters, and Members, of the Company of Weavers within the City of Bristol, is referred.

Dibbling Ordered, That the Bill for making more effectual the Persons har- Laws in being, for disabling Persons from being chosen ffoiifbefn"* Members °£ or or voting in, the House of Com-

Member."2 mons, who have any Pension during Pleasure, or for any Number of Years, or any Offices held in Trust for them, be read a Second time upon Morning next.

Ordered, That all the Members of this House, who are in and about the Town, do attend the Service of the House upon Thursday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will give no Leave to any of their Members to go into the Country, till after Thursday next.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Supply* Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning PP next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Way. The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a and Means. Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Sir Charles Turner also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 8° die Februarii;

Anno 4* Georgii II41 Regis, 1730.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Wotila Burgesses, and other principal Inhabitants, of the Mirofc&w.

Borough and Town of Taunton, in the County of Somerset-, and also of several other Traders in the Woollen Manufacture thereto adjacent; and also,

A Petition of the Portreve, and principal Inhabitants, together with the Clothiers and Labourers, concerned in' the Woollen Manufacture, within the Borough of Honittn;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; ' complaining of the great Decay in the Woollen Manufacture, chiefly occasioned by the running of vast Quantities, both of Wool unwrought, and Woollen Goods thoroughly manufactured, from Ireland into foreign Parts, and the Transportation of Wool from this Kingdom: And praying such Redress, as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Masters, and Members, of the Company of Weavers within the City of Bristol, is referred.

A Petition of several of the Trustees, on behalf of them- Rtjtlify selves and the other Trustees, named and appointed in, Weyitsa and by virtue of, an Act of Parliament, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An ACb for repairing the Roads from " Stevenage, in the County of Hertford, to Bigg/efwade,

" in the County of Bedford," whose Names are thereunto subscribed, and also ofothers, who have advanced Moneys upon the Credit of the said Act, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, that the said Trustees have been very careful in applying the Toll, and Moneys borrowed, in amending the said Roads; notwithstanding which, the same are, by the prodigious and excessive Weights carried in Waggons lad Winter, become almost as ruinous as ever, and cannot be kept in sufficient Repair, unless such excessive Carriages are restrained, especiallyin the Winter Season:

And therefore praying, that such excessive Weights may be hindered, and that it may be ascertained and limited, what Weights Waggoners and Carriers shall lay on one Carriage, with proper Powers, Penalties, Re(trifhons, and Limitations, touching the fame, or that an additional Toll may be laid on such Carriers, or the Petitioners have such other Remedy, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Thomas Sebright, Sir John St.

Aubin, Mr. Annesley, Mr. Trenchard, Mr. Shutt/eworth,

Sir JuJiinian Isham, Mr. Cho/mondeley, Mr. , Mr.

Duncomb, Sir John Hinde Cotton, Mr. Gould, Colonel Berkeley, Mr. Pulteney, Mr. D Mr. Button, Mr. Alderman Child.Mr. Towers, Mr. Plummer, Sir Walter Bagot, Mr. f-Vinning ton, Mr. Talbot, Mr.- Master,

Mr. Norris, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Bertie,

Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Harley, Colonel Read, Mr. Ongley-, and all the Members, that serve for the Counties of Hertford,

Bedford, Huntingdon, Cambridge, and for North Britain: '

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill

't*

‘:hv

"f'

\y.

0; n;,

ir

-5"e:

fi;

n:

:isr

r*

i:.'

' 1:;

P^':

4 Geo. II. 8° Februarii.

Southwell'* A Bill to enable Edward Southwell, Esquire, to take the Oaths in this Kingdom, and to qualify himself for or ce' the legal Enjoyment of the Offices of Principal Secretary of State, and Keeper of the Signet and Privy Seal, of the Kingdom of Ireland, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Lowther, Mr. Master, Sir Hum. Monoux, Mr. Tren-chard, Mr. Pelham, Sir Robert Monroe, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Harley, Mr. Alderman Child, Mr. Plummer, Mr.

Thompson, Mr. Price, Mr. Hope, Sir Richard Lane, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Evans, Mr. Bertie, Mr. St. John, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Lyster, Sir Robert Furnefe, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Lord Limerick, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Wortley, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Conduit, Mr. Foley, Mr. Skippen, Sir Justinian Isham, Colonel

syde, Mr. Plumptre, Colonel Onslow, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Baker, Mr. JeJJop, Mr. Wyndham, Mr. Lloyd: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Harbour11 Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Tradesmen, *r our* and other the Inhabitants, of the Towns of Lewes,

haven, Brighthelmston, and Places adjacent, in the County of Sussex, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that the Harbourof Newhavenh situate at the Mouth of a navigable River, about i8 Leagues from the Downs, Three from Beachy Head, and 15 from Portsmouth, and was once, by a Pier there erected, a late and convenient Harbour for Ships under Twenty Feet Draught, and a great Benefit to Merchants and Inhabitants thereabouts; but no Provision being made to support the lame, the Timber thereof hath been long since decayed, and the Harbour is now almost useless; nor has there been many Years any other Harbour, than such as the Inhabitants have occasionally cut through, at great Expence, to let out and in small Vessels, hired at excessive Freights, from the Incertaintv of its Continuance: That, were the old Pier rebuilt, and the Harbour restored, it would be the most convenient Place to receive out-ward bound Ships, that cannot reach the Isle of Wight, the only Means to prevent frequent Shipwrecks against Beachy Head, a safe Retreat for Merchant Ships in Time of War, and yfeful to drain many thousand Acres of Pasture Land, often overflowed, and the Produce of their own Country also exported, to their own Advantage, and of his Majesty's Revenues: And praying, that they may be enabled to collect a small Duty on the Goods and Vessels to be loaden or unloaden in the said Harbour, for and towards restoring and continuing the said Pier and Harbour, or that the House will grant such other Provision for the fame, as shall be thought meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Pelham, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Page, Mr. Annesley, Mr. Burton, Mr. Longueville, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Huxley, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Nicol, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Wyndham, Sir John Barrington, Sir Robert Sutton, Sir Tint. Read, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Williams, Mr. Master, Sir John Williams, Mr. Myddelton, Mr. JeJJop, Colonel Onslow, Mr. Cartwright, Sir Hum. Monoux, Sir John Hind Sir Edward Stanley, Mr.

Plummer, Lord Palmerston, Sir Tho. Mr. Shuttle-

worth, Mr. Ward, Mr. Vincent, Sir Richard Lane, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Bertie, Lord Micklethwaite, Mr.

Bevan, Colonel Read, Mr. Ongley; -and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Sussex, Kent, the City of London, and the Cinque Ports; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

be S*ii,' A Petition of Hieronimus de Salts, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner was born out of his Majesty's Allegiance, but is a Protestant, and has given good Proof of his Loyalty Vo L.SI.

and Fidelity to his Majesty, and this Kingdom: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition 5 and that Mr. Hamilton and Colonel Reade do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Rickard Lane reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to naturalize Philip Jacob de Neujvil/e, Abraham de Riemer, Aubin John Demaffe, and Joachim Matthew Stelter, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and considered of the Petition of John Duntze, which was referred to the said Committee, and found the said Allegations, and Matter of the said Petition, to be true; and thereupon had made several Amendments to the Bill, which the Committee had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwarus delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the said Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, than an Account be laid before this House, of what Proceedings have been had, for the establishing a Civil Government at Gibraltar, and for declaring the same a Free Port, since the last Application of this House to his Majesty for that Purpose.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that such Representations, as his Majesty has received from the Governor of Gibraltar, in relation to any Works, carried on there by the Spaniards since the' Con-clufion of the Treaty of Seville, be laid before this House.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that all such Representations, as his Majesty has received from his Minister at the Court of Spain, relating to the Works carried on by the Spaniards at Gibraltar, since the Conclusion of the Treaty of Seville, together with such Orders, as have been given thereupon, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's moll honourable Privy Council.

Sir Charles Turner (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution, they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, which by an Act of Parliament, of the Third Year of his Majesty's Reign, have Continuance to the 24th Day of June 1731, be further continued, and charged upon all Malt, which shall be made, and all Mum, which shall be made, or imported, and all Cyderj and Perry, which shall be made for Sale, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, from the 23d Day of June 1731, to the 24th Day of June 173a.

The said Resolution, being read a Second turu*, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution; and that Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir William Yonge, Mr. Clayton, and Mr. Scrope, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Neufville'i, &c. Nat.

Government of Gibraltar? be.

Ways and Meant*

6i6

8° — 90 Februarii. A. 1730.

Supply, The Order, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, being read;

Ordered, That the ordinary Estimate of his Majesty's Navy, for the Year 1731, be referred to the said Committee.

A Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That the Account of Subsidy, payable by his Majesty to the Duke of Lunenburgh -

buttell, pursuant to Treaty, be now referred to the said Committee;

And the House being moved, that the Translation of the Treaty with the Duke of , and the

separate'Article belonging thereto, dated the 15th of November 1727, presented to the House the 12th of February 1727; and also,

The Third Section of the Act, made in the Twelfth and Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, of glorious Memory, for the further Limitation of the Crown, and better securing the Rights and Liberties of the Subject, might be read;

The same were read accordingly.

And the Question being put. That the Account of Subsidy, payable by his Majesty to the Duke of Brunswick Lunenburgh Wolfeftbuttell, pursuant to Treaty, be now referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the ,'^5'. } 94-

Tellers for the Noes|

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1731, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles‘Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Sir Charles Turner also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read j Ways Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning and Mean,‘ next, resolve itself into a Committee of the wholp House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Treaty with Ordered, That Mr. Sandys have Leave to make a DukeofWol, Motion, it being past Four of the Clock, fenbuttell. And he moved the House accordingly:

Evolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Ratification of the Treaty with the Duke of Brunswick Lunenburgh , dated the

~ 25th of November 1727, and the separate Article belonging thereto, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

Committee Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and fPrivilege*. Elections be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martts, 90 die Februarii;

Anno 4* Georgii II41 Regis, 1730.

Prayers.

MR. Roll* reported from the Committee, to whom Ilfordcombe the Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town and Hlrb<m-Borough of Ilfordcombe, with other Parts adjoining, in the County of Devon, and also of divers Justices of the Peace, and Gentlemen, dwelling near the said Town, was referred; that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, hs it appeared to them, to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

That the Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, dated the Second Day of this instant February, proceeded to examine the Matter of the said Petition; and, in order to prove the Allegations thereof, the Witnesses following were called; viz.

Mr. Henry Steevins; who, being examined, said, that the Key, or Pier, of the Harbour of Ilfordcombe is, by Length of Time, and the Violence of the Sea, very much funk and decayed, and the Warp, Light-house, and Boats, belonging to the Harbour, which is a very commodious one, are much out of Repair; by reason whereof the Navigation is almost loft, to the great Prejudice of his Majesty's Revenue, and the Trade of the said Town, the Harbour whereof is an ancient Place for fiflring and catehing of Herrings.

The said Henry Steevins further gave Evidence, that many Ships, and Persons, failing up and down the Brifol Chanel, have been preserved by the Affifiance of Boats, kept in this Harbour for piloting of Vessels distrelkd by contrary Winds; but, since the Harbour has been much decayed, a Ship was loft, and others have been in great Danger.

That the Committee find, several small Duties were laid, by a By-law, on Goods imported to, and exported from, the said Harbour, for maintaining and repairing, and keeping in Repair, the Key and Harbour, and the Warp, Warp-house, Light-house, and Boats, thereunto belonging; but there being no Power to enforce the Payment of the said Duties, not one half thereof Las of late Years been paid, notwithstanding the Light-house and Wharfs have been kept up.

That the Petitioners called ^Mr. John ,who,

being examined, confirmed what was said by Henry Steevins; and by their Evidence it appeared, that, unless Power be given for levying and collecting some Duties, to be ascertained, for maintaining, and keeping in Repair, the Key, Warp, Warp-house, Light-house, and Boats, the same will in a very little Time be ruined and destroyed, and the Town, which only depends on the Harbour and Pier, thereby very much impoverished.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, and keeping in Repair, the Pier and Harbour of Ilfordcombe, in the County of Devon; and that Mr.

Rolle, Mr. Tremayne, and Sir William Yonge, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Dig by reported from the Committee, to whom the Bilty* Petition of Sir Walter Wagstaffe Bagot, Baronet, Lord of the Manor of Bishops Tachbrooke, in the County of War- uS w*' wick, was referred; that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to th^m, to the House:

And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Tabic; where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

That the Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, dated the Fourth Day of this instant February, proceeded to examine the Matter of the said Petition; and, in order to prove the Allegations thereof the Petitioner called

r Mr.

fell?!

Vfil

h ii c.

ta:

larstr.

Geo. IL q° — 10° Februarii.

Mr. Thomas Carte; who, being examined, said, that there are divers common Fields, and uninclosed Lands, lying within the Manor and Parill) of,

in the Petition mentioned; and Samuel Carte, Clerk, Red or of the Parish Church of , in

Right of his Rectory, is foiled of 34 Acres, Part thereof} and that the same are altogether incapable of Improvement, otherwise than by being divided, and inclosed; which cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament.

That it appeared to the Committee, that the Petitioner, Mr. Samuel Carteand one Mr. George Ge/I, are the only Persons concerned or interested in the said common a^nd uninclosed Lands, all which Persons have confeuted, that an Act of Parliament may pass, for dividing and inclosing the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing certain common Fields, and uninclosed Lands, lying within the Manor and Parish of Bishops Tachbrookt, in the County of Warwick; and that Mr. Digby, and Mr. Leveson do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Supply Bill; Sir Charles Turner presented to the House (according Duties on Order) a Bill for continuing the Duties upon Malt, at' c' Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called , for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-one; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Rejohtd, That the Bill be read a Second time.

JJewhaven A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Tradesmen, H*rbour* and other the Inhabitants, of the Towns of East-

bourn, Wilmington, Alfrifton, and Places adjacent, in the County of Sussex, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that at Newha near the Towns aforesaid,

there was formerly a Pier, for making a convenient Harbour for Merchants Ships and Vessels, employed in exporting Corn, and other Goods, particularly large Quantities of Timber, lent to his Majesty's Docks and Yards; but the Pier being decayed, for want of a Provision made for repairing thereof, the Water runs into the Sea near Two Miles to the Eastward, whereby the Harbour is frequently stopped up, to the great Prejudice of the Petitioners; which, being made a safe Harbour, may prevent many Wrecks at and be a Safety to

Privateers, cruiling on that Coast in Time of War: And praying, that they may l e enabled to coIlc«5t a small Duty on the Goods and Vessels, to be loaden or unloaden in the Harbour of Newhaven, for and towards restoring and continuing the said Harbour, and the Pier there, which are gone to Decay, but may be made of great Use to the Publick; or that this House will grant such other Provision for the fame, as shall be thought meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Tradesmen, and other the Inhabitants, of the Towns of Lewes, Newhaven, Brighthelnston, and Places adjacent, in the County of Sussex, is referred.

Ship* Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his repairing,&c. Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers, to lay before this House an Estimare of what may be necessary for repairing and rebuilding his Majesty's Ships, and for the Repairs of his Majesty's Docks, for the Year 1731.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

WoolleB A Petition of the Clothiers in Wocdchester, and Parts MuuWtur*. adjacent, in the County of Gloucester; and also,

A Petition of the Clothiers, Weavers, Combers, Premiers, and Dyers, of the City of Coventry, in behalf of themselves, and Thousands of Poor dependent on them; Vox. 21.

Were severally presented to the House, and read; complaining of the great Decay of their Trade, and Increase of the Poor, occasioned by the running of Wool from Great Britain and Ireland into foreign Parts, an unexpreflible Loss to this Kingdom: And praying, that the Duty may'be taken off from Irish Yarn at Importation, and such other Relief given, as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Matters, and Members, of the Company of Weavers within the City of Brijhl, is referred.

Sir Charles Turner (according to Order) reported from Supply, the Committee of the whole House, to whom it.;was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions, they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred Twelve thousand and Thirty-four Pound?, Four Shillings, and Four Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for the Ordinary of the JSTavy, including Half-pay for Sea Officers, for the Year 1731.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of tjiis Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Eighty-one thousand Four hundred and Eight Pounds, Eight Shillings, and Four Pence, be granted to-his Majesty, for the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, for the Year 1731.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Five thousand Five hundred and Fifteen Pounds, Two Shillings, and Six Pence, be granted to his Majesty,. for defraying the extraordinary Expence of the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, not provided for by Parliament.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 1 o# die;

Anno 4® Georgii 11" Regis, 1730.

Praters.

MR. Hamilton presented to the House (according to DeSails' Order) a Bill to naturalize Hieronimus ^at*

and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of several Merchants of the City of > Importing whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of them- J^lerka selves, and others, trading to his Majesty's Colonies of Virginia and Maryland, in America, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, that a very considerable and beneficial Fishery might be carried on in the said Colonies, to the great Advantage of his Majesty's Subjects in general, which is now loft, for want of Salt, to cure their Fish: And therefore praying, that Leave may be given, to bring in a Bill for importing Salt from Europe into the said Colonies, which will be a Means of establishing a Fishery there, and will tend to the advancing the Trade of Great Britain to those Places.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Aldermen Perry, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. , Mr.

Mr. Parsons, Mr. Newland, Mr. Bacon, xMr. Whitworth,

Mr. Papillon, Sir Michael Newton, Sir Gilbert Heathcote,

Mr. Thompson, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Lawjon, Mr. Cross,

Mr. Baron Btrcb, Sir Richard Lane, Sir James Campbell,

7 R Mr.

618

io° Februa

A.

I73°.

Neufville's, &c. Nat.

Answer to Addrefics.

Mr. Campbell, Mr. Sandy s, Mr. Bowles', and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingossed Bill to naturalize Philip Jacob de Neuf-ville, Abraham de Riemer Aubin John and

Joachim Mathew Stelter, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pal's; and that the Title be. An Act to naturalize Philip Jacob de NeuJville, and others.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Lane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and defife their Concurrence.

Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, that their several Addresses, of Monday last, relating to Gibraltar, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint the House, that he will give Directions, that the several Papers, desired by the / laid Addresses, be laid before this House.

And Mr. Comptroller acquainted the House, that their Address, of Monday last. That his Majesty would be graciously pleated'to give Directions, that the Ratification of the Treaty with the Duke of burgh IVofenbuttel, dated th 25th of November 1727, and of the separate Article belonging thereto, be laid before this House, having been presented to his Majesty; his Majesty had been pleased to command him to lay before this H' use,

Copy of his Majesty's Ratification of the Treaty with the Duke of Wolfenbuttel, and of the separate Article thereto belonging; and Translation: And also,

Copy of the Duke ot Ratification of the

Treaty of 1727; and Translation: And also.

Copy of the Duke of Wolfenbutttl' % Ratification of the separate Article belonging to the Treaty; and Translation.

Mr. Comptroller also reported to the House, that their Address, of Yesterday, That his Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers, to lay before this House an Estimate of what may be necessary for repairing and rebuilding his Majesty's Ships, and for the Repairs of his Majesty's Docks, for the Year 1731; had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he will give Directions to the proper Officers, for laying the same before this House.

Treaty with And Mr. Comptroller presented the said Ratifications r)uke of to the House, with a List of them.

WoUeabuttei. And the said Lift was read.

The Translations of the said Ratifications are as followeth; viz.

Translation of his Majesty's Ratification of the Treaty with the Duke of and of the separate

Article thereto belonging.

GEORGE the Second, by the Grace of God, King of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, Defender of the Faith, Duke of Brunswick and Lunenburg, Arch-treasurer of the holy Roman Empire, and Prince Elector, ( 3c.To all, to whom these Presents shall come, Greeting. Whereas a certain Treaty, of a more intimate Friendship and mutual Defence, together with a separate Article to the same belonging, have been concluded between us, and the most serene and most high Prince Augustus William Duke of Brmjwick and Lunenburg Wo I-fenbuttel, and signed by the Ministers Plenipotentiaries, as well on our Part, as on the Part of the aforesaid most serene Duke, being furnished with full Powers and Authorities for that Purpose, in our City of Westminster, the Twenty-fifth Day of last past, in the Form

and Words following:

Whereas the most serene House of Brunswick Lunenburg has always endeavoured to preserve and cultivate an intimate Friendship between all its Branches, which has not only contributed to the Glory and Happiness of the

20

said moil serene House, but also to the Advantage of the Procestant Religion, the Interests whereof the said House has at all times had at heart; his Majesty the most serene King of Great Britain, Elector of Brunswick Lunenburg, and his most serene Highness the Duke of Brunswick Lunenburg Wolfenbuttel, judging, that it will be very proper, as well for the mutual Good of their House, as for that of the Protestant Religion, to strengthen the ancient Union by new Ties, made between his said Majesty and his said most serene Highness, with a View only to give each other a mutual Guaranty for their own Countries, and without the least Design to cause any Trouble, or to do any Prejudice, either to the Emperor, or the Empire, or to any other Power whatsoever; to this end they have on each Side given sufficient full Power, that is to say, his said Majesty the most serene King of Great Britain to his Privy Counsellors, Peter Lord Kin % , Baron of Ockham, High Chancellor of Great Britain, William Duke of Devonshire, President of his Privy Council, Thomas Lord Trevor, Keeper of his Privy Seal, Thomas Holies, Duke of Newcastle, one of his principal Secretaries of State, Charles Viscount Townshend, one other of his principal Secretaries of State, and Sir Robert Walpole, Knight of the most noble Order of the Garter, and first Commissioner of his Treasury, and his said most serene Highness the Duke of Brunswick Lunenburg Wolfenbuttel to the Sieur Conrad Det/eff, Count of De/tn, his privy Minister of State, President of the Chamber of Convents, Dean of the Chapter of St. Blaift at Brunswick, hereditary Cup-bearer of the Abby of

Ganderfheim, Lord of Wemdand Knight of the Danish Orders, and his Plenipotentiary to his Majesty of Great Britain-, who, having conferred together on the Means the most proper to attain the Ends above-mentioned, without doing Hurt to any one, have agreed upon the following Articles:

I.

That there shall be an intimate Friendship, and a sincere, firm, and unchangeable. Union, between the said King and the said Duke, their Heirs and Successors; which shall be so exactly and faithfully observed, that the contrafting Parties shall not only advance their mutual Interests, but shall also keep off from each other all Injury and Damage whatsoever, and shall traverse, as much as possible, every prejudicial Design, that may be formed against either of the said contrafting Parties, pursuant to the Treaties and Conventions, that are already subsisting betweeen the Two Branches of the said most serene House.

H.

That, by virtue of this drift Union, the said contrafting Parties do promise to assist each other mutually, by their Counsels, and by their good Offices, every-where, where it shall be needful; and, as the most serene King of Great Britain promises to guaranty to the said most serene Duke all his Countries and Dominions, so the said most serene Duke promises his Guaranty to the said most serene King, for the Defence of his Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, and of his Countries and Dominions in Germany.

And whereas the Treaty concluded at Zell the 6th of May 1671, between the most serene Dukes of Brunswick Lunenburg, already obliges the most serene Duke to maintain always, as far as possible, the Possession of the Town and Fortress of Brunswi, for the common Security of the most serene House; his said most serene Highness renews hereby the whole Tenor of that said Article, and engages never to deliver his said Town and Fortress of Brunswick into the Hands, Possession, or Power, of any one whomsoever

III.

That, in same the abovesaid Countries and Dominions of either of the contrafting Parties be threatened with an Attack, or Invasion, then they shall concert together, without Loss of Time, the Means to repulse their Enemies, and shall regulate immediately, and without Delay, the Proportions of tire Succours to be given mutually; it

being

4 Geo. II.

io° Februa.

619

and

signed this Day; it shall be ratified in the same manner; and the Ratifications thereof shall be exchanged at the same time with the Treatjn

In witness whereof, we, the underwritten, being provided with the full Powers of the most serene King of

fented to the above-find most serene King, that, for put- Great Britain and of the most serene Duke of Brmswick ting, and maintaining, himself in a Condition and Sit ui- Lunenburg Wolfenbut tel, have, in their said Names,

Wolfenbuitel.

being well understood, that the Succours, which ought This separate Article (halThave the same Force, as if T tstv wit to be furnished to his Britannick Majesty on the part of it were inserted word for word in the Treaty, concluded the said most serene Duke, according to the said Concert to be made, shall not be settled at less than Five thousand Men.

IV.

That the abovesaid most serene Duke having repre

tth

tion to fulfil the better, and the more surely, the Obliga- signed the present separate Article, and caused the Seals

tions, which he was about to corn raft with his Majesty, of our Arms to be put thereunto. Done at

he should be obliged to take upon himself those large Ex- the 25th Day of November, in the Year 1727.

pences, which must be made, for keeping up a Body of (L. S.) Dtvqnfttire, P. (L. S.) C. Count of

Troops, sufficient to guard his own Country, Towns, (L. S.) , C. P. S.

and Fortresses, in case of Danger, and to go to the Sue- (L. S.) Holies Newcastle.

cour of the Countries and Dominions of the said most (L. S.) Townshend

serene King, if there shall be any need of it; his (L. S.)

Majesty the said King, in Consideration of what is here We, having seen and considered the aforesaid Treaty*

abovesaid, promises to pay to the said Duke the Sum and separate Article, have approved, ratified, and con-of Twenty-five thousand Pounds Sterling by the Year, firmed, and by thele Presents, for us, our Heirs and during the Space of Four Years; which annual Sum of Successors, do approve, ratify, and confirm, all and Twenty-five thousand Pounds Sterling shall be payable in singular the Articles and Clauses therein contained; proequal Portions, from Three Months to Three Months, miiing and engaging, on our royal Word, sincerely and to be reckoned from the Day of the Ratification of the faithfully to fulfil and observe all, that is contained in the present Treaty. said Treaty, and separate Article, and never to Cuffer, as

V. much as in us lies, any Person to violate the fame, or in

In case that, contrary to all Expectation, any Prince any manner to act contrary thereunto, or State whatsoever should have a mind, in Hatred of In witness whereof, we have signed these Presents with the Treaty of Friendfiiip and mutual Defence, made and our royal Hand, and caused our Great Seal of Great signed this Day, to make any Insult upon the Countries, Britain to be affixed thereunto. Given at our Court at Towns, and Territories, appertaining to the most serene St. James's, the 24th Day of December 1727, and in the Duke of Brunswick Lunenburg Wolfenbuttle, or cause any First Year of our Reign.

Injury or Damage to him there, his Majesty the King of Great Britain promises and engages to guaranty th laid most fetene Duke from such Insult, and to do all in his Power to put an End to all Injury and Damage, which might happen to him in Hatred of the above-laid Treaty.

VI.

That this Treaty of Alliance and Friend Trip shall be ratified in due Fern by the said most fe -:n-. King and D ike, and the Ratifications thereof shall be exchau: eu in the Space of Six Weeks, to be reckoned from the Day of the signing, or f ner, if it can be done.

In witness whereof, we, the underwritten, being provided wifti full Powers fro in the most serene King of Great Britain., and the most serene Duke of 'Lunenburg fVolfenbuttel.have, in their said Names, :igned

the present Treaty of hnendftiio, and have caused the

George, R.

Transiation of the Duke of WolfenbuttePs Ratification of the Treaty of 1727.

WE AugujlusWilliam, by the Grace of God, Duke of

Brunswick and Lunenburg, &c. To all, to whom these Presents shall come, Greeting. Having seen and considered the Treaty of Friendship, made and concluded at Westminster the 25th of November, in this present Year 1727, by the Privy Counsellors of his Majesty the King of Great Britain, Peter Lord King, Baron of,

Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, Duke

of Devonshire, President of the Privy Council, Thomas

Lord Trevor, Lord Privy Seal, Thomas Holies Duke of Newcastle, and Charles Vifcoont Townshend, his Majesty s principal Secretaries of State, and Sir Robert

Seals of our Arms to be fa thereumo. Done at West.^ minsterthe 251I1 Day of November, in the Year 1727. ~ ....

(L.S.) C.D. Count of Dekn.

and first Commissioner of the Treasury, in the Name and on the Part of his said Majesty, and by the Sieur Conrad Detlef, Count de Dehn, our privy Minister of State, President of the Chamber of Convents, Dean of the Chapter of St. Blaije at Brunswick, hereditary Cup-bearer of the Abby of Ganderjheim, Lord of and

Riddagfhaufen, Knight of the Danish Orders, and our Plenipotentiary at the Court of his Majesty the King of

(L. S.) Devonshire, P.

(L. S.) Trevor. C.P.S.

(L. S.) Holies Newcastle.

(L. S.) 'Townshend.

(L. S.) R.Walpole.

Separate Article.

Whereas his most serene Highness the Duke of Wolfen-rieniporenuary at me court or ms rvuje.xy me rang 01 iuttel hath promised by the Third Article of the Treaty, m our Name, and on our Part, by virtue

signed this Day, to stirnish his Majesty the King of of their respective full Powers; the Tenor of which Treaty

Great Britain, in case, as is there specified, with a Body 1S ows* , r Tl r r,

of 5,000 Men, and his said most serene Highness having Whereas the iQoft serene House of Brunswick Lttnen-

represented the great Inconveniences, that might happen . , . , _ ,

to him, if the said Body or Troops should be to be We having approved the above-recited Treaty and transported into the Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ire-a lt® Contents, have confirmed and ratified the fame, W, according to the Contents of the Second Article of an^ bY Presents, signed with our Hand, do confirm the said Treaty j the said most serene King consents, that an^ ratlfV ,lJ Pjomifing, upon the Honour and Word of the Troops, which the said most serene Duke ought to furn.fti him with, shall not be obliged to pass over into the- said Kingdoms of his said Majesty, but that they shall rather be employed either to replace those, which may be drawn from the Dominions of his Majesty in Germany, or to be put in the Garrifions of the States General, in the room of the Troops of the said States, ich may pa(s over into the Kingdoms of his said Majesty, as the whole shall be more exadiy regulated, when (ne same shall exist.

VvL. 21,

a Duke, to fulfil and observe the same inviolably, and to cause it to be observed sincerely and faithfully, without suffering it to be infringed, directly or indirectly, upon any Cause or Occasion whatsoever. In witness whereof, we have signed these Presents, and caused our great Seal to be affixed thereunto. Done at Wofenbuttel, the 24th December, in the Year of our Lord 1727.

w

T. W. Leudecke.

Augustus William, D.

Transiation

Lawton, kc. Roads.

620 10° Februarii. 17 30.

Translation of the Duke of WolfenbutleTs Ratification of the separate Article.

WE Augustus William, by the Grace of God, Duke of Brunswick and Lunenburg, 8cc. To all, to whom these Presents shall come, Greeting. Whereas, beftdes the Treaty of Friendship, made and concluded, at Westminster, the 25th of November, in this present Year 1727,

a separate Article was also made between the Privy Coun-fellors and Secretaries of State of his Majesty the King of Great Britain, and our Minister Plenipotentiary at the British Court, by virtue of their respective full Powers, the Tenor whereof is as follows:

Separate Article.

Whereas his most serene Highness,

We, accepting the said separate Article, have approved and ratified, and by thele Prefen's do approve and ratify, the fame; promising faithfully and sincerely to keep and observe it, without derogating directly or indirectly therefrom, in anywise or manner whatsoever.

In witness whereof, we have signed these Presents with our Hand, and have put our great Seal thereunto. Done at Woljenbuttel the 24th of December, in the Year of our

Lord 1727.

Augustus William, D. of B. Sc L.

Ordered, That the said Ratifications do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Treaty Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Direction, that Copies of the several Ratifications of the Treaty of Seville, by his Majesty, his most Christian Majesty, and his Catholick Majesty, and of the Ratifications of the Accession of the States General to the said Treaty, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

Mr.Secretary at Warpresented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, Estimate of the Charge 0|" of the Out-pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1731-

And the Title thereof was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

ESTIM ATE of the Charge of the Out-pensioners of C/;e^nHospital, for the Year 1731.

Per Diem. For 36; Dayi.

Towards making good the Deficiencies of the Surplus of the Deductions of Poundage and Days Pay out of the Pay of the Forces, and of the annual Sums granted in Parliament on Account of the Expences of Chelsea Hospital, as estimated £- *. d. £. s.

7,000

3,876 Out-pensioners (landing at present upon the Books of the Hospital, at $d.

per Diem each ----- ----- So 15 — *9>473 *5 -

joo Letter Men, at 12^. per Diem each - - 5 1,825

50 Serjeants, at 9 d.per Diem each - ----- - 1 17 6 684 7 — 6

87 12 6 38,983 2 6

From which deuudt.

The Sum of Six thousand Five hundred Pounds, which, by Estimation, may be applicable towards defraying this Expence, out of the Poundage of the Forces for the Year 1731 6,500

Remains to be granted, upon Account, for the Out-pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1731 ----- ----- -- - - £ 32,483 2 6

Whitehall, 4th February, 173^. Wm. Strickland.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Cholmondeley reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the Hundred of and Parts

adjacent, in the County Palatine of was referred;

that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

That the Committee, pursuant to the Order of the' House, proceeded to examine the Matter of the said Petition; and, to prove the Allegations thereof, Witnesses were called; viz.

Mr. Robert Barber and Mr. Cowell; who, being examined, said, that the Roads leading from Lawton Gate, in Lawton, in the County of Chester, to the Town of Allajlock, in the said County, and in the Poll

Road towards Lancaster, are, by reason of the many heavy Carriages passing through the fame, become very ruinous and bad, and in the Winter Season are in many Places impassable for Coaches and Carriages.

And the Witnesses further said, that the Inhabitants of the several Parishes, through which the said Roads lead, 17

are not able to amend the same by the ordinary Course of the Laws now in Force, without some further l'rovision be made for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Roads leading from Lawton Gate, in Law-ton, in the County Palatine of Chester, to the Township of Allojlock, in the said County; and that Mr. Cholmondeley and Mr. Legh Master do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived . Comnitttn.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms, attending this Procmfop House, do, from time to time, when the House is going to Prayers, give Notice thereof to all Committees; and that all Proceedings of Committees in a Morning, after such Notice, be declared to be null and void.

Ordered, That all, that come to the Committee, to Minchek whom the Petition of the several Inhabitants, Traders, Wofkiwlc-and Proprietors of Land, within the Town of Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, is referred, have Voices.

A Bill for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Supply BH!; Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties a ' upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year One t'nouland Seven hundred and Thirty-one, was read a Second time.

Resolved,

Supply.

Woollen

Manufactnrt

4 Geo. II. 10° — 11

621

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, being read;

Ordered, That the Estimateof theChargeof his Majesty's Forces in the Plantations, Minorca, and for the

Year 1731, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Services incurred, and not provided for by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Surplusses, stated at Lady-day, 1730, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Surplusses, stated at Michaelmas, 1730, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Lift of reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, entitled to receive Half-pay in Great Britain, with an Estimateof the Charge thereof, for the Year 1731, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

i\1r. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner rook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that they had come to several Ref lutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning

Sir Charles Turner also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, ii° die Februarii;

Anno 40 Georgii IIdl Regis, 1730.

Prayers.

TJIERONIMUSDeSalis, Esquire, took the Oaths appointed, in order to his Naturalization.

A Petition of the Serge-makers, and Stuff-makers, and others, belonging to the Woollen Manufactory, in the City of Gloucfter; also,

A Petition of Clothiers, and Stuff-makers, in behalf of themselves, and many Hundred poor Families, in Bed-minster and Chew, and Places adjacent, in the County of Somerset-, and also,

A Petition of the Clothiers, and Stuff-makers, in behalf of themselves, and Multitudes of poor Families, in Pensford, Cainfham, and Places adjacent, in tta County of Somerset; \

Were severally presented to the House, and read; complaining of the great Decay in the Woollen Manufacture, chiefly occnfioned by the running of Wool from England and Ireland into foreign Parts; where, by mixing our Wool with their own, and the Cheapness of their Labour, we are undersold, to the Ruin of our Manufacture: And praying, that the Exportation of Wool may be prevented, and the Duty taken off from Irish Yarn, at Importation, and l'uch other Relief given, as to the House shall ieem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be Vql. 21.

referred to the Committee to whom the Petition of several Matters, and Members, of the Company of Weavers within the City of Bristol, is referred.

A Petition of Rickard Turner, and Richard Clarulge'i

Gentlemen, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner, Turner, having no Ilfue, is willing, that his Son-in-law, Richard Claridge, the Petitioner, and his Issue, might take and use the Surname of

Turner;which they are desirous to do, but cannot without an Act of Parliament: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enabling the Petitioner,

Richard Claridge, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname of Turner.

Ordered, That Leave- be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Inwen, and Mr. Robert Hucks do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Pri- Honiton vileges and Elections, relating to the Agreement, or Dif- Election, agreement, in Substance, of the Petition of Sir William Pole, Baronet, presented to the House this Session, with the Petition presented by him the last Session, touching the Election for the Borough of Honiton, in the County of Devon, be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of several Gentlemen* and Freeholders, of Chelmer the County of Essex, and of many Tradesmen, living in Navigation, several Towns and Villages in the said County, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the River, running from Chelmsford la Malden, in the said County, is capable of being made navigable for Barges, and other Vessels, and, when effected, will be of great Advantage to the Publick, and tend very much to the Preservation of the Highways, and Increase of Trade: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making the said River navigable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Tufnell, Mr. Oglethorpe, Mr.

Bacon, Colonel Berkeley, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Knight, Mr.

Earle, Mr. Bramston, Sir Robert Sutton, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Walcot, Mr. Gould, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Geers,

Mr. Whitworth, Sir Abraham Elton, Mr. Hucks, Mr.

Howard, Mr. Dockminique, Mr. Huxley, Mr. Wyndham,

Mr., Duckett, Sir JuJlinian Isham, Sir John Hinde,

Mr. Bromley, Mr Fenwick, Sir Edward Stanley, Mr.

Nevdand, Mr. Conduit, Lord Colerain, Sir John Williams,

Sir George Cafwall, Colonel Onslow, Mr. Clutterbuck, Mr.

Inwen, Mr. Tucker, Dr. Sayer; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Essex, Hertford, and Suffolk:

And all, that come, are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons,

Papers, and Records.

Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, that their Ad- Anf«>er to-dress, of Yesterday.That his Majesty would be g'aciously Address. pleased to give Directions, that Copies of the several Ratifications of the Treaty of Seville, by his Majesty, his most Christian Majesty, and his Catholick Majesty, and of the Ratifications of the Accession of the Stales General to the said Treaty, be laid before this House, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he will give Directions for laying the same before this House.

Ordered, That the Treasurer of the Navy do lay before Navy this House, an Account of what Money has been received Services-by him for any Services of the Navy, from the 31st Day of December, 1730, to the 5th Day of this instant February, distinguishing the Times when the same was received, and the Services to which it was ordered.

7 S Ordered,

622 i i° Februarii. . 173a

Money m Ordered, That the Treasurer of the Navy do lay hefore thousand Eight hundred Thirty-five Pounds, Eight Sliil. N^vy of this House, an Account, how the Money remaining in lings, and One Peny Half-peny, be granted to his

Treasurer. his Hands upon the 31 ft Day of December, 1729, and Majesty, for maintaining his Majesty's ForcesandG^m-

also the Money remaining in his Hands upon the 31st fpns in the Plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar, and for Day of December, 1730, have been disposed of Provisions for the Garrisons at Annapolis,

and Gibraltar, for the Year 1731.

Lacguajie of A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Grand Jury, and Freeholders, assembled at the General in Law. Quarter Sessions of the Peace, held at in and for the East Riding of the County of York, on Tuesday, the Twelfth Day of January, in the Fourth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Second, King of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, Defender of the Faith, lie. and in the Year of our Lord One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty j and also,

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, assembled the Twelfth Day of January, in the Year of our Lord One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty, at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, holden for the North Riding of the County of York,

Were severally presented to the House, and read; complaining, that the obliging Grand Jury Men, at the Sessions of the Peace, to make their Presentments in a Language which few of them understand, and the suffering, in any of the Proceedings of the Courts of Justice, or in any of the Transactions of the Law, whereby the Person or Property of the Subject may be affected, the Use of a Language not intelligible, and of a Character not legible, but by the learned in the Law, are great Occasions of the Delay of Justice, and give room to most dangerous Frauds: That special Pleadings, by their Intricacy, and Dilatoriness, render the Prosecution of the Rights of the Subject difficult and expensive; and the Recovery of small Debts, as the Law now stands, is impracticable; and the Number of Attorneys excessive: And praying the House to take these Grievances into Confide ration, and such Remedy, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be refetred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And they are referred to Sir Ge6..Savile, Sir Wm. Milner, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Wyiidham, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Turner, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Clayton, Dr. Sayer, Mr. Walpole, Mr. York, Sir John Dutton, Mr.

Edgcumbe, Mr. IVbitworth, Sir Colonel

Read, Mr. Earle, Mr. Campbell, Lord Harvey, Mr. Crowle, Colonel Onslow, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Talbot, Major Compton, Lord Morpeth, Mr. Harley, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Clutterbuck, Sir Hynde Cotton, Sir Wm. Yonge, Mr. Towers, Mr. Scrope, Sir Charles Turner, Lord Gage, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Scawen, Mr. Digby, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Taylor, Lord Percival, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Bramflon, Sir John St. Aubin, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Alderman Child, Mr. Sir Wm.

Gage, Mr. More, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Glanville: And all that come, are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Supply. Sir Charles Turner (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions they had directed him to report to the House i which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Twenty-five thousand Pounds be granted to his Majesty, for One Year's Subsidy to the Duke of Brunswick LunWoffenbuttell, pursuant to

a Treaty, dated the 25th of November, 1727.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Sixty-nine 24

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, no.t exceeding Thirty thousand Niije hundred and Twenty-six Pounds, Five Shillings, and Eleven Pence, be grantee! to his Majesty, for defraying several extraordinary Expences and Services incurred, and not provided for by Parliament.

Rifolvjed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-nine thousand Three ~ hundred and Fifty-three Pounds, Four Shillings, and Eleven Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for making good the Deficiency of the General Fund.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Sixty -one thousand One hundred and Fifty-eight Pounds, Fifteen Shillings, and Ten Pence, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, to reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, for, the Year 1731.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Mr. Cockburn, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, pre- UuiUiiDg.tc. fented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, An Estimate of the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs, of Ships, for the Year 1731.

And the Title thereof was read.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Estimate is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Mr.Digby presented to the House (according to Order) Bifopc a Bill for inclosing the common Fields, and unindoled factor Lands, lying within the Manor and Parish of Bishops 11041 Tachbrooke, in the county of ; and the fame

was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

A Bill for nuking more effectual the Laws in being, Dilkbling for disabling Persons from being chosen Members of, or Pylons h*. fitting or voting in, the House of Commons, who have any Pension during Pleasure, or for any Number of Years, jiemtav or any Offices held in Trull for them, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House. k

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, refolye itself into a Committee of the whole House,. upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That all the Members of this House, who are in and about the Town, do attend the Service of the House upon Tuesday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will give no Leave to any of their Members to go into the Country, till after Tuesday next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

4tGeo. IL i* — *3

Verieris, i 2die;

Anno f Gttorgii Iiui Regis, 1730.

Prayers.

Honiton "\/f R- Earle (according to Order) reported from the Ele&ioo. 1VI Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Refo*

lution of the said Committee touching the Petitions relating to the Election for the Borough of Honiton, in the County of Devon, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; where the Report was read, and is as followeth;

Upon the Examination, whether the Petition of Sir Wm. Pole, Baronet, complaining of an undue . Election and Return for the Borough of Honiton, in

the County of Devon, be the fame, in Substance, with the Petition, prefen ted last Session:

That the Committee have examined the said Petitions, pursuant to their Instruction:

And thereupon they came to the following Resolution; viz.

Resolved', That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Petition of Sir fVm. Pole, Baronet, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Honiton, in the County of Devon, prefen ted' to tfhe House this S'dfion, is the fami, in Substance, with the Petition, presented last Session.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Greenwich Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this Hospiul. House, a State of the yearly Revenue and Expence of Greenwich Hospital.

Ordered, That the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital do lay before this House, an Account of what Money has been received by him on Account of the said Hospital, from Christmas, 1729, to 1730, and how the fame has been applied.

Ways The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a and Means. Committee of the whole House, to consider for ther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Turner also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of Ways and Means for failing the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Supply Bill; The Order being read, for the House to resolve itself Duties on into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Malt, tec, continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and

Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-one;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, todireft that the Deficiency which shall be on the *$th ©ay Of

Vol. 21.

Februarii. 623

March', 1731, of the Income'of the Duties oft Malt* granted for the Year 1729; to satisfy Principal and Interestchargeable thereupon; be made good out of the Supplies granted for the Year 1731.

Then the House resolved itself into the aid Committee.

Mr. Speaker left' the Chain

Sir ChaYles Turner took the Chair of the Committee;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec- Committee tions be adjourned. of Privilege!.

Arid then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbotiy 130 die Februarii;

Anno 4* Georgii II41 Regis, 1730.

Prayers.

AP E T ITIO N of the Mayor, Corporation, Chief Woollen Inhabitants, and Tradesmen, of the Town of Manufacture. Great Torrington, in the County of Devon, was presented

to the House, and read; complaining of the great Decay of the Woollen Manufacture, which is in Danger of being loft by the running of Wool from this Kingdom, and of Wool, and Woollen Goods, thoroughly manu-fastur'ed, from Ireland, into foreign Parts; whereby the Poor are much increased, Estates fink, and many Hundreds of Families are in Danger of being intirely ruined: And praying such Remedies, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the Petition of several Matters, and Members of the Company of Weavers within the City of Bristol, is referred.

A Petition of the Justices of Peace, Gentlemen, and Language of Grand Juries of the West Riding of the County of Proceeding* York, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, 10La*‘ that it most frequently happens that none of the Grand Jury Men, serving at the Quarter Sessions, understand Latin, yet are obliged to make their Presentments, or Indictments, upon Oath, in that Language: That, when the Proceedings of Justices of Peace are removed by a Certiorari, the Returns are to be made in a Character, and Language, unknown to any, but the learned in the Law, which puts the Justices to great Expence in seeing Counsel to draw the same: That special Pleadings are found to be not only expensive, intricate, and dilatory, but highly prejudicial to the Property of the Subject, since many Persons have merely by the strict Rules of pleading, and uncertainty thereof, lost their Estates:

That, by some Mismanagement in the Execution of a late good and profitable Law, the Number of Attorneys continues still to be excessive, and Men of known infamous Characters have been lately admitted into the Courts, to practise in that Proftffion: And praying the House to take these Grievances into Consideration, and such Relief, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Grand Jury, and Freeholders, assembled at. the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, held at Beverley, in and for the East Riding of the County of York, on Tuesday, the 12th Day of January, in the Fourth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Second, King of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, Defender of the Faith, tec. and in the Year of our Lord 1730; and also the Petition of the Justices of the Peace,

assembled

<5^4 I3° — 15 ° F 1730.

assembled the Twelfth Day of January, in the Year of our Lord 1730, at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, holden for the North Riding of the County of York; are referred.

Lawton, &c. Mr. Legb Master presented to the House (according to

Roads. Order) a Bill for repairing the Roads leading from Lawton Gate, in Lawton, in the County Palatine of Chester, to the Township of Alloflock, in the said County; and the same was received, and read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Preftbury A Petition of the Owners and Proprietors of Lands, ndofure. lying dilpetfed in the common Fields and Grounds in Preflbury, in the County of whose Names are

thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and other Owners and Proprietors of Land in the said common Fields and Grounds, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that it will be of publick Good to divide and inclose the said-common Fields and Grounds, to which the several Parties concerned have agreed; and therefore praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for that Purpose.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John , Colonel Mr. Kelfall, Mr. Heathcote, Mr. , Sir Justinian

Isham, Mr. Rolle, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Sandys, Colonel Onslow, Mr. Bacon, Sir John St. Aubin, Mr. Sir

Charles Turner, Mr. Fane, Mr. Alderman Child, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Chelwynd, Mr. Mr. Geers,

Mr. Turner, Mr. Dockm Mr. Rowney, Sir John Sc haw, Mr. Earle, Mr. Harley, Mr. Bramston, Mr. Cross, Mr. Matifell, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Cholmonde/ey, Mr. Moreton, Mr. Seale, Sir Geo. Cafwall, Captain Keytnys, Sir Adolphus Sir Walter Bagot, Sir

Abraham Elton, Major Selwyn; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Worcester,

Oxon, and Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Way* Sir Charles Turner (according to Order) reported from ami Means. t)ie Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as follows; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Sum of Two Shillings in the Pound, and no more, be raised in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-one, upon Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Pensions, Offices, and personal Estates, in that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and that a proportionable Cess, according to the Ninth Article of the Treaty of Union, be laid upon that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution; and that Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Dodington, Mr. Scrope, Mr. Ke'fal, and Mr. Tilfon, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Heufville's, Ordered, That Sir Roger Meredith do carry to the &c. Nat. Lords the ingrossed Bill, intituled, An Act to naturalize Philip Jacob de Neufville, and others, and desire their Lordships Concurrence.

Supply Bill; Sir Charles Turner (according to Order) reported from Malt'atc ^e Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill

for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland,-{ox the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-one, was committed, the Amendments, the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the Report was read; and the Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 150 die Februarii;

Anno 4° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1730.

Prayers.

SI R Charles Turner presented to the House (accord- Supply BI;

ing to Order) a Bill for granting an Aid to his LandTa. Majesty by a.Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-one; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, Farmers GoiIIIok and Graziers, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Roads, living near,1 and usually travelling through, the Rond, leading from Godstone, in the County of Surrey, to High-gate, at the Entrance into Ashdowne Forest, in the Parish of EastGrinfled, in the County of was presented

to the House, and read; alleging, that, pursuant to the several Acts, passed in the Fourth, Sixth, and Tenth,

Years of his late Majesty's Reign, for repairing the said Roads, and other Roads therein mentioned, aconsider-able Sum of Money hath been laid out in amending the said Road from Godstone to Highgate; yet the fame, it: the Winter Sealon; is so bad and ruinous, that it is dangerous to Travellers, and cannot be effectually repaired, without some further Provision be made for that Purpose: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the more effectual repairing of the said Road, in such manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the feme, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Pelham, Lord Gage, Mr. Glanville, Mr. Nicoll, M r. Papillon, Sir James,

Mr. Bacon, Mr. Wither, Mr Plumptre, Mr Burton,

Sir Tho. Hales, Mr. Kelfall, Mr. Bramflon, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Lyfler, Mr. Evans, Mr. Wyndham, Lord Galloway, Mr. Butler, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Laroche,

Mr. Harley, Mr. Chetwynd, Sir Robert Sutton, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Conduit, Sir John Dutton, Sir Wt». Gage,

Mr. Ward, Sir Tho. Read, Major Compton, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Alderman Child, Mr. Bevan, Mr. Geers,

Mr. Dockminique, Sir John Hind Cotton, Captain Keymys,

Mr. Bromley, Mr. Robarts, Mr. Middleton; and all the Members, that serve for the Counties of Sussex, Surry,

Kent, and the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers and Records.

A Petition of the Clothiers, Woolstaplers, and Wool-combers, of Tetbury, and Parts adjacent, in the County BU1 of Gloucester, in behalf of themselves, and many Thousands of poor People, employed in the Woollen Manufacture; and also,

A Petition

4 Geo. II. 150

Woolltn A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common-M»nuft£tare. council, of the Borough of , in the County of

Cornwall; and also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Farmers, Serge-makers, Dyers, Wool-combers, Weavers, and other Inhabitants, of the Town and Parish of , in , and

Places adjacent, on behalt of themselves, and some Thousands of other Sufferers by the manifest Decay of the Woollen Manufacture; and also,

A Petition of the Clothiers, and Stuff-makers, in behalf of themselves, and a great Number of poor Families, in Barton Regis, and Places adjacent, in the County of Gloucester; and also,

A Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses, and principal Inhabitants, of the Borough of in the County of

Devon, on behalf of themselves, and vast many others concerned in the Woollen Manufacture; and also,

A Petition of the Merchants, Clothiers, Cloth-workers, and other Dealers in the Woollen Manufacture, in and about the Town of Leeds, in the county of;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; complaining of the great Decay in the Woollen Manufacture, chiefly occasioned by the running of Wool from England, and Wool, and Woollen Goods, thoroughly manufactured, from Ireland, into foreign Parts, where, by mixing our Wool with their own, and the Cheapness of their Labour, we are undersold, to the Ruin of our Manufactures: And praying, that the Exportation of Wool may be more effectually prevented, and the Duty taken off from Irish Yarn, at Importation, and such other Relief given, as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Matters, and Members, of the Company of Weavers within the City of Bristol, is referred.

Rewliaven Mr. Pelham, of Lewes, reported from the Committee, Harbour, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants, of the Towns of Lewes, Newhaven, Bright helmfion, and other Places adjacent,

in the County of Sussex, and also the Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Tradesmen, and other the Inhabitants, of the Towns of Sea/ord, , Wilming-

ton, Alfriston, and Places adjacent, in the said County, were referred; that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions, and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

That the Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, dated the 8th Instant, proceeded to examine the Matter of the Petitions; and the several Witnesses following were called;

Mr. Richard Lemon said, that he has known the Harbour of Newhaven for 50 Years, which lies at the Mouth of a navigable River, about 18 Leagues from the Downs, Three from Beachykead, and about x 5 from j

and, while the Pier remained good, it was a safe and convenient Harbour for Ships to come in, with 20 Feet Water at the Height of a Spring Tide, and was of great Benefit to the Merchants, and Inhabitants, of the Places adjacent; but for 40 Years part: the Pier hath been de-caying, there being no Provision to support it, whereby the Harbour is now become almost useless.

Mr. John Diplock, Mr. Gabriel , Mr. Benja. Swaine, Mr. Charles Harr if on, and Nix. John Whitfield,

being severally examined, confirmed the Evidence, before |>iven by Mr. Lemon; and further said, that the Pier being decayed, and the River unconfined, the River runs into several Places of the Beach, making a narrow Chanel, near Two Miles to the East<from the Pier; and the Mouth of the Harbour is frequently choaked up with Beach, and Sand, which the Farmers, and other Inhabitants, are often at great Expences in cutting through, to let finall Vessels in and out, hired at excessive Prices Vox.. 21.

for Freights, by reason of the Uncertainty of coming in and going out of the Harbour.

And they added, that about Two Months ago 13 Vessels were (hut up, loaded with Corn, which could not go out, till the Mouth of the Harbour was cut through, and cleared.

They farther gave Evidence, that, if the Pier was rebuilt, or a new one erected, the Harbour might be restored, and made as good a Tide Harbour, as any in England, be of great Service for receiving Ships, pafljBg between the Isle of Wight and the Downs, and prevent Losses by Shipwreck, often happening against head, and be a Preservation of Merchant Ships in time of War.

Mr. Gabriel Ayres and Mr. Benja. Swaine being asked, what would be the Expence of rebuilding the old Pier, or erecting a new onethey said, they believed, it would coll between Two and Three thousand Pounds; and that would make it as good a Tide Harbour, as any in England.

Mr. John Whitfield said, that, the Harbour being in a very bad Condition, the Freight of Timber is 4J. per Load more than it would be if the Harbour was made good; and that the Freight of other Goods is proportionable: And added, that he has known Vessels for that Reason go to other Harbours at a greater Distance, to unlade their Goods, and the Owners thereof have lent for them by Land Carriage, which has occasioned an Expence of above £. 15. per Cent, to them.

Mr. Benjamin Swaine, being again examined, confirmed the Evidence, given by Mr. in relation

to the excessive Prices of Freights.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, and keeping in Repair, the Harbour and Pier of Newhaven, in the county of ; and that Mr. Pelham of Lewes, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Pelham of Stanmore, Sir Widiam Gage, Mr. Attorney-general, and Mr do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Resolved, That this House will, To morrow Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Application of the growing Produce of the Sinking Fund, and what Ease may be given to the Trade and Manufactures of this Kingdom.

Ordered, That the proper Officers do lay before this House, an Account of the grofsand net Produce of the Duties upon Soap for Three Years, to Midsummer last, distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That the proper Officers do lay before this House, an Account of the gross and net Produce of the Duties upon Candles for Three Years, to ,lafi,

distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That the proper Officers do lay before this House, an Account of the gross and net Produce of the Duties, paid by Hawkers and Pedlars, for Three Years, to Midsummer lad, distinguishing each Year.

A Petition of the Royal African Company of England, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, that this House having in the last Session, upon full Examination and Consideration of the State of the Trade to Africa, granted the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds towards the Maintenance of the British Forts and Settlements there, belonging to the Petitioners, the said Sum hath been applied accordingly; and it having appeared to the House, that the said Forts and Settlements cannot be supported, and the Trade preserved, without the Aid of Parliament, the Petitioners therefore pray, that such further Provision may be made in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Mr.Chancellorof the Exchequer acquainted the House, that his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of this Petition, had been pleased to command him to acquaint this House, that his Majesty recommends it ro their Consideration, to make such turther Provision in the Premises, as the House shall think fit.

7 T

Application of the Sinking Fund, &c.

Duties on Soap, &c.

African

Company,

Supply Bill; Duties ou Malt, &c.

Committee of Privileges.

Gloucester

Road;.

626 150 — 160 Februarii. 1730.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Royal African Company do lay before this House, the Establishment for their several Forts and Settlements on the Coasts of ,with the Charges thereof for the Year 1730, distinguishing, how much of the same is on account of Trade, and how much for the Maintenance and Defence of the said Forts and Settlements; and also an Account, how the Money granted in the last Session of Parliament towards the Maintenance of the said Forts and Settlements* hath been disposed of.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Duties upon Malt* Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-one* was read the Third time.

Refotoed, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-one.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Turner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be adjourned.

And then the Uoufe adjourned till To*morfow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 16* die Februariij

Anno 40 Georgii II. Regis, 1730.

Prayer $.

A PETITION of fereral Gentlemen, Freeholders* and others, living in, and near, and passing through, the several Roads leading through the Town of Morton-henmarsh, in the County of viz. from the

Quarry above the Town of Borton On the Hill, through the said Town of Mortonhenmarsh, to and through die

Town of Chipping-norlon, to Cha on the Heath, being

the Road, leading from the City of towards the

City of Oxford, and London, and from Tidmington Bridge, through Toddenham and the said Town of marsh, to the upper End of Wall, and from

Stretton Heath, by Stretton on the Fofie, over Newbridge, by Dome, through the said Town of Mortonhenmarsh aforesaid, to the upper End of the said Broadwell Wall, being Part of the Roman Fofle Road, leading from the North of England, to the Cities of and Ba/b, and the West of England, was presented to, the House, and read praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the said Roads, which are almost ini-passable, and dangerous to Travellers, and cannot be effectually amended, without lbtne further Provision be nude by Law for that Purpose.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Geers, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Roivney, Mr. Harley, Mr. Foley, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Law-fan, Mr. New!and, Mr. Wither, Mr. Mr.

Orlebar, Colonel Read, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Dockminique, I_mrd Gage, Mr. Ward, Mr. Sir John

Mr. Sandys, Mr. Devereux, Mr. , Mr. Gape, Mr.

Co^newall, Mr. Leveson Goiver, Sir John Major

Compton, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Bacon, Mr. More-ton, Mr. Digby, Mr. Winnington Sir John St. Aubin, Sir Wm. Stapleton-, and all the Members, that serve for the Counties of Gloucester, Worcester, Oxford, and Warwick: And they are to meet this*Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Cloth-makers, Drugget and Stuff Woolk Makers, in and about the City of Bristol, on behalf of them tel ves, and many Thousands; and also,

A Petition of the Mayor, capital Burgesses, Freemen, and principal Inhabitants, of the Village and Borough of Camelford; and also,

A Petition of the Mayor, principal Burgesses, Aflifl-ants, and other principal Inhabitants, of the Town and Borough of Oakhampton, in the County of Devon, on

behalf of themselves, and many Thousands more, engaged in the Woollen Manufacture; and also,

A Petition of the Merchants and Traders of the City of Bristol;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Complaining of the great Decay in the Woollen Manufacture, chiefly oecalioned by the running of Wool from England, and Wool, and Woollen Goods, thoroughl ymanufactured, from Ireland, into foreign Parts, where, by mixing our Wool with their own, and the Cheapness ot their Labour, we are undersold, to the Ruin of our Manufactures: And praying, that the Exportation of Wool may be more effectually prevented, and the Duty taken off from Irish Yarn, at Importation, and such other Kelief given, as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Masters, and Members, of the Company of Weavers within the City of Bristol, is referred.

A Petition of the Undertakers for making the River Dana Dunn, in the West Riding of the County of York, navi- N»viguioo. gable from Holmstile, in Doncaster, up to the utmost Extent of Tinftey, Westward, a Township within Two Miles of Sheffield, and also for improving the Navigation of the River Dunn from a Place called Holmstile, in the Township of Doncajher, in the County of York, to

House, in the Parish of Barmby Dunn, in the same County, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, that the Company of Cutlers in Hallatnshire, in the said County; being by an Act, of the Twclfth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, appointed Undertakers for the first-mentioned Navigation, and the Corporation of Doncaster being by an Act, of the Thirteenth Year of his said late Majesty's Reign, appointed Undertakers for the last mentioned Navigation, the said Corporations have found it necessary to unite, with their Part-owners, into One Company, for better Execution of the said Acts, wherein they have already laid out Twelve thousand Pounds, and upwards; but finding themselves under some Difficulties, the Removal of which would make tire said Navigation more convenient for Trade, by cheaper Carriage of Goods, the Petitioners therefore pray, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for explaining, amending, and altering, the said Acts, for the better perfeCling and maintaining the said Navigation, and for the better establishi g the said united Company, and the Rules and Orders for the good Government thereof, and for giving the Petitioners further Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House;

And it is referred ro Mr. WestbMr. , Sir Yonge, Sir Geo. Saville, Mr. Mr. Bacon, Mr.

Pelham, Lord Malpas, Sir Charles Turner, Mr Burton, Mr.

Williams, Mr. Page, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Guidott,

Mr. Winnington, Mr. St. John, Mr. Jffip, Mr. Hacks,

Mr. Towers, Mr. Heathcote, Mr. Waller, Mr. Oglethorpe,

Sir Rowland Alfton, Mr. Owen, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Secretary at War, Lord MickletbMr. Mr. Thompson, Mr. Windham, Sir John Barrington, Mr.

' ... Campbell,

h

C

:* . Southwell'* . Qualifica-lion for Office.

"i

4 Geo. ll. 16° Februarii. 6i-j

Campbell, Lord Chetwynd, Major CompUn, Sir Abra. El- Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which ton, Sir Richard Lane, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Major Sel- they had directed him to report to the House: And he wyn, Mr. Ducket, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Hughes, Captain read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered the

Vernon, Mr. Fane, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Henley , Mr. Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table;

Ingram, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Orlebar, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Digby, where the said Amendments wereonce read throughout*

Sir Henry Hoghton; and all the Members, that serve for and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon thq the Counties of York, Nottingham, Chester, Derby, and Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the Lincoln: And all, that come, are to have Voices: And House.

they are to meet this Afternoon; at Five of the Clock, Ord That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend fot ingrossed.

Persons, Papers, and Records;

The House being informed, that Mr. Corbett, Secre- Greenwich Mf. LeghMaster reported from the Committee, to tary of Greenwich Hospital, attended at the Door, he was Hospital;

whom the Bill to enable Edward Southwell, Esquire, called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pur-to take the Oaths in this Kingdom, and to qualify suant to their Order, A State of the yearly Revenue and himself for the legal Enjoyment of :he Offices of Principal Expence of Greenwich Hospital.

Secretary of State, and Keeper of the Signet and Privy And then he withdrew. 1 Seal, of the Kingdom of Ireland, was committed; that And the Title of the said State was read,

the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, The laid State is as followeth; viz,

and found the same to be true; and had gone through the

r

Ola.

21.

4

A STATE

c\

A STATE of the Yearly Revenue and Expence of Greenwich Hospital.

g

cq‘

r — h

n'

CD

CL

CT

o

o

o

FT

REVENUE.

The Six-pence a Man per Menfemof 10,000 Seamen, employed in his Majesty's Service at Sea ----- --- - 3,250 ——

T>* of about 1,500 Seamen, employed on board his Majesty's Ships in

ordinary - -- -.....487 10 — , _ __ ...________.

D" of Seamen, employed in the Merchant Service, has yielded for thele the Officers of the Works, about

Two Years past about - - 7,000 — —

The Three Light-houses on the Forelands about ----- 1,400 — — Contingent Charges, about

Rents of Houses about - -- 270 — - —

There is veiled in South Sea Annuities, by Order of the Court of Chancery, the Sum of £. 3,974. devised to the Hospital; which Sum is to be laid out in the Purchase of Lands, and in the mean time the Hospital receives the Interest, at £.4. perCent. - - 158 19 —

EXPENCE.

The Maintenance of 800 poor Seamen, with the Officers, Servants, and

" ' 18,706 16 7

Nurses, upon the Establishment The ordinary Repairs in and about the Hospital, including the Wages of

1,700 ——

500 ——

Revenue short of the Expence -

12.566 9 —

8,340 7 7

£. 20,906 16 7

Memorandum: The Half-pay of the Governor, and other military Officers, of the Hospital, which is at present applied in Aid to the Revenue of the Hospital, and may be deducted from the above £. s. d.

Deficiency, amounts to ----- 1,295 15 —

The Wages, and Value of the Provisions, allowed to the Chaplains of the Ordinary of Deptford and,

which are at present applied in the Manner (they being the Chaplains of the Hospital) amount to - - 107 — —

1,402 15 —

£. 20,906 16 7

Memorandum: Preparation is making in the Hospital for the Reception of 200 more poor Seamen, to increase the Establishment to One thousand Men.

And it is intended to make a further Progress in the Building, as Money shall come in to be applied to that Purpose.

But the said Sums, being uncertain, are not brought to Account, as Part of the Revenue of the Hospital.

Greenwich Hospital, 16th February, 1730.

T'ho. Corbett.

OS

o

1

H'.

<1

UJ

O

X

4 Geo. II.

16° Februarii.

Naval

Services*

Ordered, That the said State do lie upon the Table, to Le peruled by the Members of the House.

Mr. By tig, Treasurer of the Navy, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, An Account of what Money has been ordered by the Right honourable the

Lords of the Treasury, and received by the Treasurer of his Majesty's Navy, for any Services of the Navy, front the 3*ift of December, .1730, to the 5th Instant.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth;

Treasury Office of the Navy ,7 a m ACCOUNT of what Money has been ordered by the Right honourable 12th reb. 1730. 3 the Lords of the Treasury, and received by the Treasurer of his Majesty's Navy*

for any Services of the Navy from the 31st December, 1730* to the 5th Instant, distinguishing the Times when the same was received, and the Services to which it was applied (prepared in pursuance ol an Order of the honourable House of Commons, of nth February 1730) viz.

Time, 1 SERVICES. SUM.

1730. January 27 th. £. /. d. 9.494 3 7,871 17 9 To received at his Majesty's Exchequer in Money, out of the following Funds, the Sum of £. 17,366. for the Services under-mentioned j Out of Arrears of the Malt Duty, Anno 1728, appropriated to the Supplies, Anno 1730. Out of Money advanced by the Bank of England for Exchequer Bills, charged on the Act for raising £.550,000. for the Supplies, Anno 1730. On the Head of Wages: To pay his Majesty's Ships Canterbury, Argjle, and Severn, to the 31st-' December 1729; also two Months in Six to the Canterbury, Dreadnought, Portland, and Severn, due since ——

£.17,366 — —

£. s. i. 15,366

On the Head'of Wear and Tear: To pay Imprefts, and Bills of Exchange - 2,000 —

The Sum Total is Seventeen thousand Three hundred and Sixty-six Pounds - - - * - - 5 ‘ 17,366

1 Pattee Byng.

Ordered \That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Greenwich The House being informed, that the Deputy Treasurer HospiuL of Greenwich Hofplral attended at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented' to the House, pursuant to their Order, An Account, shewing what

Money hath been received by the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, for the Use of the said Hospital, from Christmas 1729, to Christmas 1730, and how the same has been applied.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth;

Greenwich Hofy'da},- An ACCOUNT, shewing what Money hath been received by the Treasurer of 1 e . 1730. 3 Gree«w/V>4 Hospital, for the Use of the said Hospital,.from Gtrij/»ax 1729, to 1730, and how the same has been applied.

Received on account of Abatements on Seamens Six-pence9 in his Majesty's Ships Received for Seamens Six-pences in the Merchant Service, a Year, ending November 1730 -Received for Seamens Forfeitures in the Merchant Service, to Christmas 1729 Received for the Duties to the Light-houses on the North and South a Year to,

Michaelmas 1730 - -

Received for Rents of Houses, and Conduit Water, belonging to the Hospital Received for the Chaplains Wages and Groats, on the Ordinaries of Deptford and WoolwicK Yards, and Yachts ——

Received for the Half-pay of the Governor, and other Officers, for a Year, ending June 1730* Received a Legacy, bequeathed by Mr. Raphee -

Received a Dividend of Sir Harcourt Masters' Effects on account of Prize Money Received from the Treasurer of the Navy the Sum of £. out of the Effects of Mr.

Hampden, whereof £.4,448. 19 s.n d.was due to the Hospital on account of Abatements of Six-pence a Month, made out of Seamens Wages in his Treasurership

£ s. d.

6,008 5 6

7>259 *4 3i

10 4 2

M54 3 4*

229 19 —

268 12 6

>*277 IO

250 — —

680 7

5*000

C 22,438 *6 8f

Which said several Sums, together with the Cash, remaining in the Treasurer's Hands on the 25th December 1729, and the Imprest Receipts, then uncleared, have been applied* as followeth viz.

Vol. *1.

7V

Treasurer

Treasurer

To Calli remaining in the Treasurer's Hands oh the 25th December 1729 "

To Imprest Receipts then uncleared ——

To the Treasurer's Receipts from the 25th December 1729, to the 25th December 1730, as within - -

Tota t

D

cq‘

N

CD

Q.

CT

O

A U L

Ms

Dr.

£. s. d. 9,306 8 7

2,225 16 8

2,438 16 8|

£ S3>971 .* —

o,

o

>Ptr Contra -

By paid the Houshold Books for Three Months, ending December 1.729 -

By paid the contingent Account for Ditto - -

By paid the Books of Works for Ditto >

By paid the Books for the Queen's House, Park, and Gardens, ending D® By paid the Houshold Books Three Months, ending March 1730 -

By paid the contingent Account, ending D® - -

By paid the Books of Works, ending D® - ‘ -By paid the Houfhduld Books Six Months, ending September 1730 -By paid the contingent Account, ending D® - -

By paid the Books of Works, ending D° ——

C\

4»379 9 4f 609 2 1

a.391 *3 7* 220 11 7

3.597 - 4 Si

107 ——

2,794 8 1

8,006 3 ii

'401 2 10

7,854 14

30,361 10 at Due to Balance - 3*609 11 9!

33.971

OV

2:

Greenwich Hospital,

16 th February, 1730.

John Whormby, Deputy to Philip , Esquire, Treasurer.

A. 1730.

4 Geo. II. 166 Februarii.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

African The House being informed, that the' Accomptant-Companjr. general to the African Company attended at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, The Establishment of the Royal African Company of Englafor their, several Forts and Settlements on the Coast of , with the Charges

thereof for the Year 1730, distingui filing, how much of the same is on account of Trade, and how much for the Maintenance and Defence of the said Forts and Settlements} and also an Account how the Money, granted the laffc Session of Parliament towards the Maintenance of the said Forts and Settlements, hath been disposed of.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Establishment and Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Establishment and Account dp lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Establishment and Account are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Biftop* A Bill for inclosing the common Fields, and uninclosed Tachbrooke* Lands, lying within the Manor and P-irish of loclosure. tachbrooke, in the County of , was read a

Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Digby, Mr. Harley, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Wilmington, Mr. Campbell, Sir Adolphus Ought on, Mr. Turner, Mr. Geers, Mr. Alderman Child, Sir John St. Aubtn, Mr. Oglethorpe, Mr. Law [on, Mr. Owen, Mr Duckett, Mr.

Toweis, Mr. Vernon, Sir Edmund Bacon, Sir Archibald

Grant, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Chamberlain, Mr. Danvers, Sir IVm.Stapleton, Mr. Rolle, Mr. Fane, Mr. An-nejley. Sir John Rushout, Mr. Master, Mr. Selwyn, Sir Richard Lane, Sir Abraham FJton, Major Compton, Mr. Guidott, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. y,

Lord Harvey, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Tufnell, Mr. Niwland, Mr. Brooljban!-:. Lo.d Colerain, Mr.

Hughes, S<r John Htnde , Mr. Mr. Bram-

Jion, Mr Lyjhr, Mr. Mr. Mr. Grof

vetior, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. L fe; and all the Members, that lerve for the Counties o* and Stafford:

And they are to meet thio Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

'bridge'* Mr Tnwenpresented to the House (according to Order) Name. a Bill for enabling Richard Claridge, Gentleman, and his Iffhc, to take and uie the Surname of Turner-, and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the B;ll be read a Second time.

A Petition of Mary Anne de la Fontaine was presented

- - to the Hoiili, and read j fettirg forth, that (lie was born out of Ins M ji fly's Allegiance, but is a Protestant, and ha1 given good Proof of her Loyalty and Fidelity to his M aiefty and this Kingdom: And praying, that Leave may he given to bring in a Bill for her Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill acceding to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Moore and Mi. Samuel Edwards do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

SpanifU A Petition of the Merchants, and others, of the City

Depredation* of Brijtd, trading to and from his Majesty's Colonies and

Trade'"'*11 Plantat*ons *n America, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of the great Interruptions of their Trade to the said Colonies, and Depredations by the Spaniards, for several Years pad, who, notwithstanding the Rdblutions of this House, and his Majesty's moffc gracious Endeavours to obtain for his Subjects just and reasonable Sacisfaction, still continue their Depredations, and have lately taken, and plundered, several Ships and Vessels belonging to Brijlo, and other British Ports, and have treated such, as have Men into their Hands, in a Voi. 21.

very barbarous and cruel Manner: And praying the Consideration of the House, and such timely anu adequate Jiemedy, as to the House shall seem fit.

Otdered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee. '

Resolved, That the said Committee be a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved', That this House will, upon this Day Fort': night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition. '

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to give Orders foran Account to be laid before this House, of the Progress, which has been made by the CoiUmiflaries, appointed by his Majesty and the King of Spam, in consequenc? of the Treaty of Seville, for adjustin^ the Demands arid. Reparations, due to the Merchants of Great the Matters to them referred.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

The Orders of the Day being read;

The Names of the Members, who made Deftult, and Call of the were not excused, upon the Call of the House, b,ut were House. ordered to attend the House this Day, were called over; and they all appeared, except Sir John Cory ton , Baronet, who was excused, upon Account of a late lliirets, and that lie is now upon the Road.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Disabling Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for making Prrf"ns ,iav* more effectual the Laws in being, for disabiing PersonsJ ^ring1* from being cholen Members of, or fitting or voting in, Members, the House of Commons, who have any Pension during Pleasure, or for any Number of Years, or any Office? held in Trust for them.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Edward Stanley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Edward Stanley reported ( from the; Committed' that they had gone through the Bill,'.and made several Amendments thereunto, which they' had directed 11 itn to report, when the Ho.use will please to receive the lame. -

Ordered, That the Report be now received. .: :o

Sir Edward Stanley accordingly reported from the Committee of the whole House; to whom the said Bill was. committed, the Amendments, the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report.to. the House: And he read the Report in his Piacc, ar.d' afterwards delivered the Bill, with tile Amendments, ini at the Clerk's Table; where the Report was read; and the Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were,; upon the Question severally put thercup >n, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Ordered, That the House be called over upon Ca]1 of the

the Second Day of March next. 1 House.

Ordered, That such Members, as shall not then* attend, be lent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms . attending this House.

Ordered, That no Motion be made, for Leave to be given to any Member of this House to go into the Country, but between the Hours of One and Two of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning Nine of the Clock.

632

17° Februarii. 1730.

Mercurii, 17® tafo;

Anno 40 Georgii II*0 Regis, 1730.

Prayers.

Land Tax. /JRDERED, That the proper Officer do lay before

this House, an Account of what Money has been paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer upon account of the Land Tax, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-eight, distinguishing, what was paid in upon the Account of England, and what upon the Account of Scotland, and distinguishing also, what was paid in before the Twenty-ninth Day of September, One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty, and what paid in since that Time.

Ordered, That the proper Officers do lay before this House, an Account of the Produce of the several Land Taxes for Ten Years last past, with the Charges of Interest, and other Deductions, which have been made thereout.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account of what Money has been paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer upon account of the Malt Tax for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-eight, distinguishing, what was paid in upon the Account ot England, and what upon the Account of Scotland, and distinguishing also, what was paid in before the Twenty-ninth Day of September, One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty, and what paid in since that Time.

Southwell's An ingrossed Bill to enable Esquire,

Q?*1nn n *° ta^e ^at^s *n this Kingdom, and to qualify him-e* self for the legal Enjoyment of the Offices of Principal Secretary of State, and Keeper of the Signet and Privy Seal, of the Kingdom ,of ,was read the Third

time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act to enable Edward Southwell, Esquire, to take the Oaths in this Kingdom, and to qualify himself for the legal Enjoyment of the Offices of Principal Secretary of State, and Keeper of the Signet and Privy Seal, of the Kingdom of Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Matter do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Answer ' M. Comptroller reported to the House, that their to Addref*. Address, of Yesterday, That his Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Orders for an Account to be laid before this House, of the Progress, which has been made by the Commissaries, appointed by his Majesty, and the King of Spain, in consequence of the Treaty of Seville, for adjusting the Demands and Reparations, due to the Merchants of Great Britain, in the Matters to them referred, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint the House, that he will give Directions, that the Account, desired by the said Address, be laid before this House.

Trextv Mr. Comptroller also acquainted the House, that he of Seville, had received his Majesty's Commands to lay before this House, pursuant to their Addresses to his Majesty,

Copies of the several Ratifications of the Treaty of Seville, and of the separate Articles belonging thereto, by his Majesty, the most Christian King, and the King of Spain, and of the Ratifications of the Accession of the States General to the said Treaty, and separate Articles, by his Majesty, the most Christian King, the King of Spain, and the States General; with Translations: And also.

Copies of Papers, containing an Account of all the Proceedings, that have been had, for the establishing a civil Government at Gibraltar, and for declaring the same a free Port, since the last Application of this House to his Majesty upon this Head, on the Twenty-fixih Day of March, One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-nine, at which Time an Account was laid before this House of all the Proceedings had previous thereto, of which a List is annexed: And also,

Copies of such Representations, as his Majesty has received from the Governor of Gibraltar, and from his Majesty's Minister at the Court of Spain, in relation to any Works, carried on at Gibraltar by the Spaniards since the Conclusion of the Treaty of Seville, together with such Orders, as have been given thereupon.

And Mr. Comptroller presented the said Papers to the House, together with Lists of them.

And the said Lifts were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A Bill for repairing the Roads leading from Lawton La won, Gate, in Lawton, in the County Palatine of Chester, to &c-the Township of Allostock, in the said County, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. mondeley, Mr. Master, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir Richard Grosvenor, Mr. Grosvenor, Lord , Mr.

Mr. Banks, Mr. Harley, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Burton, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Conduit, Colonel Onslow,

Mr. Scrope, Mr. IValler, Mr. W Sir Charles Turner,

Mr. Tufnell, Mr, West by, Mr. Handafyde, Mr. Wil-

hams, Mr. Evans, Mr. Brocjkbank, Mr. Cary, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Bevan, Mr. Lawson, Sir Robert Lord

Chetwynd, Mr. Bramston, Mr. Alderman Child,

Thornhill, Mr Crowle, Sir Robert Salusbury Cotton, Mr.

Bromley; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Chester, Lancaster, and Stafford: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock,. in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Preservation of the Game; and that Mr. Win- of Gaat. ningtan, Mr. Legh Master, and the Lord Chetwynd, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the LudTu. Year 1731, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Knights of the Shires, and other Members of this House, do prepare Lifts, fairly written, of Commissioners Names for executing the said Act, for the respective Counties, Cities, and Places for which there have been used to be Commissioners; and that the Christian and Surnames of the said Commissioners be written at length.

The Hou'fe being informed, that some of the Commis- bod Ta sioners for Taxes attended at the Door, they were called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, -

An Account of what Arrears of Land Taxes were (landing out at Christmas 1730, with the Names of the respective Receivers, in whole Hands the said Arrears remained, distinguishing each Year, and what Proceedings have been had to compel the Payment thereof; and also,

An Account of what Arrears of the Duties upon Houses were (landing out at Christmas 1730, with the Names of the respective Receivers, in whole Hands the said Arrears remained, distinguishingeachYear, and what Proceedings have been had to compel the Payment thereof.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition

'£i*

-..iT-

b'r.

feof

uYi

il

4 Geo. II. 170 — 18° Februarii. 633

Woollen A Petition, containing an humble Representation of: Manufacture. jjie Grievances of the Woollen Manufacturers of St. Ed-J- mundsbury, in the County of , was presented to the

House, and read; complaining of the great Decay of their Trade, owing to the Exportations of vast Quantities C,) of Wool from England and Ireland to foreign Parts, who

work it up cheaper than can be done here, to the Ruin of our Manufactures; and praying such Redreis, as to ":v the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the Petition of several Mailers, and Members, of the Company of Weavers within the City of Bristol, is referred.

Members Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms, attending this

r, tummoned. House, do go with the Mace into , and the Court now fitting the re, and into the Court of Requests, and Places a<ij icent, and summon the Members there, to attend the Service of the House.

[ ( And he went accordingly:

.. And being returned;

Disabling An ingrossed Bill for making more effectual the Laws Persons hav- in being, for disabling Persons from being chosen Mem-' ingPensions bers of, or fitting or voting in, the House of Commons,

" Memberi3 w'10 have any Pension during Pleasure, for any Num-

ber of Vears, or any Offices held in Trust for them, was ;V read the Third time.

; Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act for making more effectual the Laws in being, for disabling Persons from being ciiofen Members of, or; ‘ fitting or voting in, the House of Commons, who have any

Pension during Pleasure, or for any Number of Years, or any Offices holden in Trust for them, by obliging Persons 5 hereafter to lie chosen to serve for the Commons in Par-

r. liament, to take th^Oath therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Sandys do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read;

1 It: Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-:ing next, rtfolye itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

- Committee of Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and v Privileges. Elections be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 18° Februarii;:

Anno 4* Georgii IldI Regis, 1730.

Prayers.

Clerk'* TV \R* Speaker acquainted the House, that Mr.

Assistant. JLYA the Clerk's Assistant, being at present so in-disposecl with the Gout, as not to be able to attend, the.

.: Clerk therefore desires, that Mr. Hester may be

admitted toaffifl him, during Mr. Indisposition.

Ordered, That Mr. I Hester be admitted toaffifl

the Clerk of this House, during the present, or any future Indisposition of Mr. Aijkew, which may be in this Session of Parliament.

Woollen A Petition of the Borough of Bofinev, in the County of lanufadure. Cornwall, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of the great Decay of the Woollen Manufacture, and Increase of their Poor, occasioned chiefly by the

Exportations of Wool, and Woollen Goods manufactured, from Ireland into foreign Parts; and praying such Remedies, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the Petition of several Mailers, and Members, of the Company of Weavers within the City of Bristol, is referred.

U§\ Vot. 21.

i^ML

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters; and that Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Pelham, and Mr. Serope, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for naturalizing Hi De Salts, Esquire, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Clutter buck, M r Hedges Mr Mr.

Mr. Bevan, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Griffith, Sii James Campbell, Sir Nicholas Sir Charles Varner,

Mr. Glanville, Mr Pelbam, Mr. , Mr. Campbell,

Mr. Towers, Mr. Plumptre, Co one! Bladen, Mr.

Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Orlebar, C.ipta n Vernon, Mr. Geers, Mr. Fane, Mr. Hales, Mr. Longuevilte, Mr. Norris: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir John Dutton reported from the Committee to whom

the Petition of the Owners and Proprietors of Lands, lying dispersed in the common Fieids and Grounds in in the County of Gloucester, whose names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf ol themselves, and other Owners and Proprietors of Land in the said common Fields and Grounds, was referred; that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed lum to report the fame, as it appeared ter them, to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

That the Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, bearing Date the 13th Day of February instant, had taken into Consideration the said Petition; and, to make out the Allegations thereof,

The Petitioners produced the Articles of Agreement entered into by the Owners and Proprietors, for dividing and inclosing the said Common, comm n Ground, and Fields; by which it appealed, that all those who had tignecl the said Articles, were desirous that the said Common, and common Fields, might be divided, and inclosed.

That it also appeared to the Committee, that there are Five Proprietors who have not ligned the Articles; and such Proprietors have only a Sixteenth Part in the said common Fields and Grounds.

Then the Petitioners called Mr. Thomas Wells', who said, that he had acquainted the said Five Proprietors with the Contents of the said Articles, and that they laid, they would not of;*ofe such Inclosure.

Mr. Thomas Wells and Mr. Edward Baghott said, that if the said common Fields, and common Grounds, were inclosed, the same would be of great Benefit and Advantage to the Publick, and all Parties concerned therein; but such Inclosure cannot be effectually made, without the Aid of an Act of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing and dividing the common Fields, common Meadows, and common Grounds, in PrtJ.bury, in the County of Gloucester; and that Sir John Dutton, Colonel Berkeley, Colonel Read, and Mr. do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

The House being informed, that Mr. Accomptant-general to the Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the gross and net Produce of the Duties upon Soap for Three Years, to Midsummer last, diltiuguiiliing each Year; and also,

An Account of the gross and net Produce of the Duties upon Candles for Three Years, to Midsummer last, distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as followeth; viz.

7 X An

Punishing Mminy and Dfiertion.

Dr Salia* Nat.

prefthury

Iiiclofute*

Duties on Soap, &c.

634

18* Februarit.

A. 1730.

Am ACCOUNT of the grolsand net Produce of the Duties upon Soap for Three Years, from Midfumm# lad, distinguishing each Year.

1 Year, ended Midsummer, 1728. Year* ended Midsummer, 1719. Year, ended Midsummer, 1730.

' Gross Produce £ > 162,185 8 3 £. s. d. I5S.4I8 17 si £: 15^533 9 7

Charges of Management - - - 6, Il8 14 9I 6,402 19 — 6,192 12 ij

Taxes - - ----- - 440 s — 325 5 327 5

Exports ----- --- 464 19 94 855 18 436 19 i|

Allowances for Over-charges ----- 45 10 9 45 11 — 24 12 —

D1 for Soap consumed in the Woollen Manufactures - 9,068 15 9$ 9'or9 *5 71 8,894 17 6

Total of Deductions -Net Produce - - - 16,138 15 ij 146,046 13 1$ 16,647 8 9$ l3^,77l 7 15,876 6 3 140,657 3 4

162,185 8 3 155,418 17 5^ *56>533 9 7

Excise Office, London, February 17 th, 173^. no. Wyv'tll, Accomptant-general. John PVAetham, Geo. Duckett, J. , Ja. Vernon, it. Ga*, Gfo Polhilt, TAo. P R. Eyre. ►

Am ACCOUNT of the gross and net Produce of the Duties upon Candles for Three Years, to Midfmmtr la ft, distinguishing each Year.

Year, ended Midsummer, 1728. Year, ended Midsummer, 1729- Year, ended Midsummer, 1730.

Gross Produce - £. s. d. i43>786 S. £ J- d* »3M35 7 £ j. d. 133.4‘3. >7

Charges of Management ----- *3»392 *3 H 13,218 15 4| 1 13,206 17 3?

Taxes ----- ----- 1,30* 6 10 *74 1 3* 988 5 5

Exports - - - l>3'7 18 4 2»I*5. 3 — i»J*3 7 "

Allowances for Over-charges ----- 37 »* S3 14 4 47 >7 -4

Total of Deductions -Net Produce - - - 16,050 11 8J i*7>735 11 8J 16,361 14 — i 120,473 *3 11 15,756 6 9t 117,657 10 5i

»43>786 3 136.835 7 nf 133.413 »7

Excise Office, London, February 17th, 173^-. 7 Accomptant-general. John JVketham, Geo. 7. Fow J. Ver non, JR. Gale, Cha. Polh TAo. IVy R. Eyre.

Order*1

4 Geo. II.

i 88 — k 9*

A^jourmzun

ii;

' J;

); Bedford

— Election.

r

Woo'Jen — Manufacture*

; r

; :1

Briftd Roads.

c

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put* That the House do now adjourn j The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeast ®»f % ,ni> t. 46.

91 Mr. Tufnell: 3

Tellers for the Noes,* JJ£ ] 3

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And then the House adjourned till To-rhorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vt?tieris± 190 die Vtbruarii;

Anno 40 Georgii II4' Regis, 1730.

Pit AVERS.

A PETITION of Thomas Browne, Doctor in Physick, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that at the Fall Election of a Burgess to serve in this Parliament for the Borough of Bedford, in the room of fames Metcalf, Esquire, deceased, Sir Jeremy Vanacker Sambrooke, Baronet, and the Petitioner, flood Candidates; where many Persons were admitted to poll for Sir Jeremy, who had no right to vote, and many other corrupt and illegal Practices were used by, for,' and in Favour of, him, in1 order to procure him to be chosen, and returned; and he is returned,-though the Petitioner was duly elected* and ought to have been returned: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House upon the Eighteenth

Day of MarcVnext.

A Petition of the Woollen Manufacturers of Newbury in the Coutityof Berks, uhofe Names are tHereuitto subscribed, in'behalf of themselves, and many Hundreds in the same Town, and Villages around it; and also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, chief Burgeflfes, principal Inhabitants, and others, of the ancient Borough of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk, and Towns adjacent, trading in the Woollen Manufacture;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; complaining of the great Decay of the Woollen Manufacture, and Increase of the Poor, occasioned by fraudulent Exportations of Wool from England and Ireland to foreign Parts; where, by mixing our Wool with their own, and the Cheapness of their Labour, they undersell us, to the Ruin of our Manufactures: And praying such Remedy, as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Committee to whom the Petition of several Matters, and Members, of the Company of Weavers within the City of Bristol, is referred.

A Petition of the underwritten Trustees, authorized by an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act for amending the several " Roads leading from the City of was pre-

fented to the House, and read; alleging, that, for want of Powers in the Trustees by the said Act appointed, to subdivide themselves, and to restrain the Profits, and Tolls, arising on each Road separately, to the Repair of the same several Roads, and by means of many Difficulties, Doubts, and Inconveniences, that, after patting the said Act, did arise, Moneys for the Repair of the said Roads could not be borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls; and therefore the major Part of the said Roads do yet remain ruinous, and dangerous, as before patting the said Vo Li21.

Ad: And therefore praying, that Leave may be giveti to bring in a Bill for the Amendment of the said Act, and for the more effectual repairing the said Roads.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall Appear Id them, to the House:

And it ife referred to Sir IVm. Mr.

Mr. Bacon, Sir John Dutton, Mr. Page, Mr. Cary, Lord Harvey, Mr. Brookfbank, Sir Nicholas Williams, Sir Adolphus bight on, Lord Limerick, Mr. Campbell, Mr.

Whitworth, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Hilton, Mr. Ward, Mr. Fane, Mr. Skutlleworth, Sir Robert Austin, Sir Roger

Meredith, Mr. Alderman Child, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Lonfucville, Major Se/wyn, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Waller, Sir Charles Vernon, Mr. Oglethorpe, Sir A bra. Elton, Mr. Clayton, Sir Wm. Barker, Lord Palmerston, Mr. Butler, Mr. Wither, Mr. Earle, Sir Jdmes Campbell; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Smerfet, Gloucester, Wilts, and Bristol: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers* and Records.

A Message from the Lords; by Mr. Thomas Bennett and Mr. Elie:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, Ari Ad to naturalize Philip Jacob de Neufyille, and others, with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords to the said Bill.

And the said Amendments were read, and are as followeth; viz.

Press 1. L. 14. Leave out " and."

L. 15. After " " insert Maria

" Ludovica Pitt, Wife of George Pitt, of Shroton, in the County of Dorset, Esquire, and Daughter of John " Bernier, by Mary his Wife, born at , in

" land-, John Schaak, Son of Jeremiah Schaak, by Deborah his Wife, born at Delft, in Holland-, John Berm " Rous, Son of Peter Berru Rous, by his

" Wife, born at Bourdeaux, in; Henry Charles

" Ragueneau, Son of Lewis Ragueneau, by Magdalena

" his Wife, borrt at Paris, in France Alexander " Son of Isaac Eynard, by Elizabeth his Wife, born at

" LaBeaume Conti/lane, in in France-, John

" Meyer, Son of Joan Ever hard by Mary his

" Wife, born at Leyden, in Holland-, John Lewis " fen. Son of Nicholas Hansen, by Elizabeth his Wife, " born at Tundern, inHolftein -, and Matthew " Son of James Nadal, by Mary his Wife, born at " Lafalle, in Sevettnes."

L. 3 0. Leave out "and;" and after " "

insert " Maria Ludovica Pitt, John Schaak, John Berm " Rous, Henry Charles Ragueneau, Alexander Eynard, " John Meyer, John Lewis Hansen, and Matthew " Nadal."

Pr. a. L. 4. Leave out " and;" and after " "

insert " Maria Ludovica Pitt, John Schaak, John Berru

" Rous, Henry Charles Ragueneau, Alexander Eynard, " John Meyer, John Lewis Hansen, and Matthew " Nadal."

L. 35. Leave out " and;" and after " Duntze" insert " Maria Ludovica Pitt, John Schaak, John Berru " Rous, Henry Charles Ragueneau, Alexander Eynard, " John Meyer, John Lewis Hansen, and Matthew Nadal."

Pr. 3. L. 3. Leave out ‘‘and;" and after " Duntze" inlert " Maria Ludovica Pitt, John Schaak, John Berru " Rous, Henry Charles Ragueneau, Alexander Eynard, " John Meyer, John Lewis Hansen, and Matthew Nadal"

The said Amendments being severally read a Second

time.

Neufyille'* Sec.Nat.

Leave of Absence*

636

190 Februa

time* were, upon the Question severally put thereupon,

agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Sir Roger Meredith do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Ordered, That John Gifford, Esquire, have Leave to go into the Country for Two Months, upon extraordinary Occasions.

1730.

the Door, they were called in, and, at the Bar, prefen ted to the House, pursuant to their Order, An Account of the gross and net Produce of the Duties paid by Hawkers and Pedlars, for Three Years, to last, distin-

guishing each Year.

And then they withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

Hawkers and The House being informed, that some of the Cotn-Pediars. missioners for licensing Hawkers and Pedlars attended at

An A CCOUNT of the grols and net Produce of the Duties paid by Hawkers and Pedlars, for Three Years, to

Midsummer last, distinguishing each Year.

Year,'ending 24th June, 1728. Year, ending 24th June, 1729, Year, ending 24th June, 1730.

Grols Produce - £ * d. 11,229 8 — C d. 11,135 16 — L x. d. 11,006 8 —

Charges of Management - - -Stamps in Licences - - Allowance for prompt Payment of the latter Moiety of the Duty on Licences - - 2,190 6 10 197 12 6 556 4 — 2,376 11 n£ 196 13 — 556 2,098 13 6 189 7 6 549 8 —

Total of Deductions Net Produce - - 2,944 3 4 8,285 4 8 3,129 4 ui 8,006 11 — i 2>*37 9 ~ 8,168 19 —

11,229 8 — 11,135 16 — 11,006 8 —

Hawkers and Pedlars Office, the-

18th Day of February, 1730.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

African Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charges of the Royal Company. African Company of England, for the Maintenance of the several British Forts and Settlements belonging to the said Company on the Coast of Africa, fox the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-one, be laid before this House.

Leave of Ordered, That Philip Esquire, have Leave

Absence. togo into the Country, upon account of the Indisposition of his Lady

Ordered, That Giles Esquire, have Leave to go

into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House (accord- . Punishing ing to Order) a Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, Desertion, an<^ for better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Thomas Bennett and Mr. Elde:

Mr. Speaker,

Su ly Bill The ^or^s have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Duties on' Act for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, Malt, &c. and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England,

JLJCnjn KjUUUCy

Tho. Wyvill,

Luke.

and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt,

Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-one, without any Amendment:

And also the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, Southwell's An Act to enable Edward Southwell, Esquire, to take the Oaths in this Kingdom, and to qualify himself for the legal Enjoyment of the Offices of principal Secretary of State, and Keeper of the Signet and Privy Seal, of the Kingdom of Ireland, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Byng, Treasurer of the Navy, presented to the Money; House, pursuant to their Order, Hands of

An Account of the Money remaining in the Hands Trt*‘ of the Treasurer of his Majesty's Navy on the 31st of December 1729, and the Disposition thereof; and also.

An Account of the Money remaining in the Hands of the Treasurer of his Majesty's Navy on the 31st of December 1730, and the Disposition thereof.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are as followeth;

Treasury

Googh

ft

nu

4 Geo. II. 19 Febr637

Treafwy Office of Ihe Navy, . CCO U.NT of the Money remaining in the flamis of the Treasurer-of Jiis 1 1 e l73°- MajestyYNay, on the 3 ill December, 1729, and the Disposition theteof (prepared

in pursuance of an Order of the honourable House of Commons, of the nth , 1730} viz.

In the Treasurer's Hands on the 31 (I December, 1729; viz.

For Wear and Tear* and Ordinary . . , - - 22,838 1 u|

Unapplied -..... - . - 30,528 12 6

Wages - - -.....- - - - - 104,468 12 Si

Victuals..... ----- --- 4,055 1 7i

£. 161,890' 8 6

Heads of the Naval Services.

J

Wear and Tear, and Ordinary:

For the Course of the Navy

The Yards, and Rope-yards -Salaries, Pensions, and Superannuations Bills of Exchange and Imprefts I'xchequer Fees -Half-pay -

Unapplied:

For Salaries, and PenBons - 1 Wear anJ T Biilsof Exchange -;

Yards, and Rope-yards -

Earl of Peterborough's Wages -

J and Ordinary

Wages:

To pay all his Majesty's Ships at home, to the 31st December 1729/ Two Months in Six, and Two Months in advance, pursuant to Act of Parliament, and Recalls of Sh ips paid off - -

Bills on the head of Wages, Imprefts, and Cdndudt Money -

Sick and Hurt ——

Victuals:

Ftr the Course of Victualling Bills of Exchange -Coopers and Labourers Short Allowance -IScceflary Money, and Contingencies

Balance, it Hood on the 31st December, 1729; Paid between the lft January and 31st December, 1730.1 Balance of this Account :hc3ift December, 1730,

£. s. d. C s. £.

379 11 4 379 11 4

7,091 6 7 7,091 6 74 -

t>°355 1 ,»°3S 5 1

3,iox 19 ioJ 3,101 19 10;

4,146 4 11 1,£00 14 — 2,545 10 ti

7,083 14 2 7,083 14 2

22,838 1 ni 20,492 11 — I 2,345 10 11

7,597 10 ~ 7,597 10 —

8,061 2 6 8,06126

14,000 14,000

OO 0 1 1 870 — —

30,528 12 6 30,528 12 6

98,113 9 8J i \ 98,113 9 84

6,031 9 7 4,375 9 6 1,65 i

323l3 a 3 23 13 2

104,468 12 5! 102,812 12 4I 1,656 — 1

91 9 91 8 9

735 13 4 735 l3 4

549 17 4 549 17 4

*<3*3 11 279 14 4 i,033 »9 7

*,364 8 3t G364 8 3-i

*' 4,655 1 j 3,021 x — I 1,033 19 7

*- I.

Pattee Byng,

7 Y

Treasury

Importing Sait into America.

638 -19° Februarii. A 1730.

Treasury-Office of the Navy.l ACCOUNT of the Money remaining in the Hands of the Treasurer of his

12th Feb. i73°* Majesty's Navy qh the 31st 1730, and the Disposition thereof (pre-

pared in pursuance of an Order of the honourable House of Commons, of the 1 ith 1730) viz.

In the Treasurer's Hands on the 31st December, 1730; viz.

For Wear and Tear, and Ordinary ——

Wages - -

Viduals - - - - *- " '

£ 55>*i 15 9i

I- s. d.

12,001 13 3 36.386 9 3.J. M33 13 3

Heads of Naval Services. Balance, as it flood on the 31st December, 1730. Paid between the in January and 11 th Feb. 1730. Balance the 1 ith Feb. 1730.

Wear and Tear, and Ordinary; £. s. d. £ d. £ s. d.

For the Course of the Navy ----- 159 ~ 9 *59 — 9

The Yards, and Rope-yards - 4,655 17 2 41 8 11 2,6i4 8 3

Salaries, Pensions, and Superannuations 39^ 7 4 95 *9 — '300 8 4.

Bills of Exchange and Imprells - 2,709 14 5 *.515 *3 9l 1,194 — 7{

Exchequer Fees - - - . - 2,345 10 n *,5*0 15 5i 824 15 5|

Half-pay ----- - 3.735 2 8 n 14 — 3>723 8 8

12,00-1 13 3 3,185 11 2 8,8l6 2 I

Wages:

To pay his Majesty's Ship the Romney to the 3 ill Decem-

ber, 1729; Two Months in Six to all the Ships at

home, according to Act of Parliament; and Recalls to

Ships paid off - - , 34,476 11 10,472 17 — *4,003 14 4|

To pay Bills on the Head of Wages, Imprest, and k

Conduct-money ----- - 1,656 — 1 756 3 7 899 16 6

Pilots Course - 418 m 4 1 8.

For the Sick and Hurt - - - - 249 16 2 - 249 16 2

36,386 9 3} 11,229 — 7 *3« *57 8 8*

Viduals:

For the Course of the Victualling - *55 " 3» ... *55 11 3*

Bills of Exchange ----- - i>278 7 5 1,168 15 — 109 12 5

Coopers and Labourers - 530 11 9 133 12 10 396 18 11

Short Allowance ----- - 3.033 , *9 7 25 6 7 3,008 13 —

Necessary Money, and Contingencies - - *.83.5 3 497 *5 8 *>337 7

£ 6,833 13 3 1,825 10 1 5,008 3 2

Pattee Byng.

Mr. Alderman Perry reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants of the City of London, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and others, trading to his Majesty's Colonies of Virginia and Maryland, was referred; that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

That the Committee, in order to prove the Allegations of the said Petition, examined the following Witness; viz.

Mr. Thomas Colmore; who said, that about Two Months since he came from Maryland: That the Rivers, Coasts, and Seal?, adjoining thereto, abound with great Quantities of Shad, Sturgeon, Bass, Sardine, and several other Kinds of Fish: That he has salted several Barrels of Herrings, and sent them to has known leve-

ral Barrels of Fish spoiled, for want of good Salt: That, if Salt were permitted to be imported from Europe into the said Colonies, it would be a Means of establishing a

Fishery there, and tend to the advancing the Trade of Great Britain to those Places.

A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Charles Dalton, Royil| Gentlem^n-uiher of the Black Rod: 1, Bills.

Mr. Spe iker,

The King commands this honourable Hodfe to attend his Majesty immediately in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty in the House of Peers:

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, that the House had attended his Majesty in the House of Peers; and that his Majesty had been pleated to give the Royal Assent to One publick Bill, and Two private Bills, following; viz.

An Act for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties up n Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-one:

An Act to enable Edward Southwell, Esquire, to take the Oaths in this Kingdom, and to qualify hiinfelt for the

legal

4 Geq. II. r 90 — ^Febrttarii. 63

legal Enjoyment of the Offices of principal Secretary of Srate, and Keeper of the Signet and Prvy Seal, of the Kingdom *f Ireland:

An Act to naturalize Philip Jacob de Neufville-> an<* others.

Ordered, That the Orders of the Day be now read.

And the same being: read;

Way* Resolved\That this House will, upon this Day Seven-

Means, night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Supply Bill; The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Land Tax. whole House, upon the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1731.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that they had made some Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Committee - Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec-

«f Privileges. t|ons be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Luruey 2 2° die Februarii,

Anno 4* Georgii 11"" Regis, 1730, Prayfrs.

African I 'H E House being informed, that the Accomptant-Company. X general to the African Company attended at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, An Estimate of the Charges of the Royal African Company of England, for the Maintenance of the several B-itifk Forts and Settlements, belonging to the said Company, on the Coast of Africa, for the Year 1731.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Estimate is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Cod done Mr. Pelham reported from the Committee, to whom Road."6 Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, Farmers, and Graziers, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, living in, near, and usually travelling through, the Road leading from Godstone, in the County of Surry, to High-gate, at the Entrance of Ashdown Forest, in the Parish of East Grtnflad, in the County of Sussex, was referred; that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the: Clerk's Table i where the same was read, and is as so'lloweth; viz.

That the Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, of the 1 $th Instant, proceeded to examine the Matter of the said Petition; and, to make good the Allegations thereof, the following Witnesses were called, and examined} viz.

Mr. Thomas Northwho said, that he had served the Office of Surveyor, for several Years, of Part of the Road, mentioned in the Petition, and often travelled the fame; which is still in a very bad Condition, and, if not soon amended, will be dangerous, to Travellers in the Winter Season '

Yol. 21."

Mr. James Black down, one of the Clerks to the Turn* pike on the said Road, confirmed Mr. North's Evidence as to the Badness of the Road; and said, that the Proportion of the loll, allowed for keeping this Road in Repair, is so far from being sufficient to amend the fame* that it will require double the Toll::

And further said, that Coachmen, Waggoners, and Graziers, passing through the Turnpikes, ete&ed on the Road between Godstone and Highgaje-, in East Grafted

Parish, are willing to pay double the roll they no* pay, provided the Road is sufficiently amended, and kept in Repair.

That it appeared to the Committee* that the Inhabitants of the several Parishes, through which the Road leads, have constantly done their Statute-work; and that* unless the present 'foil, taken at the Turnpikes on this Road, be doubled, the same cannot be amended, and kept in Repair.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in'a Bill for the more effectual repairing the Road leading from God* ft one, in the County of Surry, to Highgate, at the Entrance into Ashdown Forest,- in the Pari Ih of E<tft Grinjled\\n

the County of Sussex-, and that Mr. Pelham, the Lord Palmerston, and Mr. Butler, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Merchants, Clothiers* Woolcombers. Woollen Weavers, and other Inhabitants, of the Borough of Manufacture. Minehead, in the County of Somerset, in behalf of themselves, and other Branches of Trade, and also many Poor dependent on them; and also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Sheriffs Citizens, and Conl-nionalty, of the City of Norwich, in Common-council assembled; and also,

A Petition of the Headmen, Wardens, and Assistants, of the Company of Worsted-weavers in the City and County of Norwich and also,

A Petition of the Woolcombers, Weavers, Bayrs and Kersey Makers, Dyers, and others, concerned in the Woollen Manufactory, and residing in or about tlje Parishes of Rochdale and Oldham, in the County of Lancaster, in behalf of themselves, and many Thousands of others, wholly depending on the same; and also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Recorder, Burgesses, and Clothiers, and other Inhabitants, of the antient Borough of Wilton, in the County of Wilts, in behalf of them-

felVes, and many hundred poor Families;

Were severally presented to the House, and read.} complaining of the great Decay of the Woollen Manufacture, and Increase of the Poor,-occasioned by fraudulent Exportations of Wool from England, and Wool and Woollen Manufactures, froth Ireland, to foreign Parts; whpre, by mixing our Wool with their own, and the Cheapnels of their Labour, they undersell us, to the Ruin of our Manufactures: And praying, that the Duty on IriJJt -Yarn, at Importation, may be taken off, and such other Remedies provided, as to the House shall seeth meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Masters, and Members, of the Company of 'Weavers within the City of Bristol, is referred.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inha* Chelmer bitants. Owners and Occupiers of Lands and Mills, situate Navigation. on or near the River Chelmer, in the County of Essex,

hose Names ate thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the making the River Chelmer navigable from the Town of Maldoii to the Town of Chehnsford, in the said County, will be prejudicial to the Petitioners, as well as to the Country in general: And praying, that they may be heard by themselves, or Coun fel, -before, any Bill be brought in for that Purpose. '

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Com ‘ . mitte-

<5«to

22* Febfu

A, 1730.

mittee, t6 whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, and committed} that the Committee had examined the Alle-Frceholdets, of the County of Essex, and of many gations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and

Tradelinen, living in several Towns and Villages in the that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and had said County, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, directed him to report the same to the House, without presented to the House the Eleventh Day of February any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the instant, is referred; and that the Petitioners be heard by

themselves, or Count'd, if they think fit, before the said Committee, against the said last mentioned Petition. Chelnwr A Petition of the Bailiffs, Aldermen, head Burgesses, Navigation, and Commonalty, of the Borough of in the County of Essex, under their common Seal, was presented

Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Sir George Savile reported from the Committee, to Langcj^ whom the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentle- Procetdty men. Grand Jury, and Freeholders, assembled at the uk*-

to the Houte, and read; letting forth, that the making General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, held at Beverley, the River Chelmer navigable from the Town of Maldon in and for the East Riding of the County of York, the to the Town of Chelmsford, in the said County, will be 12th Day of January, in the 4th Year of the Reign of prejudicial to the Petitioners, as w?ll as to the Country our Sovereign Lord George the Second, King of Great tn general: And praying, that they may be heard by Britain, France, and Ireland, Defender of the Faith, themselves, or Counsel, before any Bill be brought in for ZJc. and in the Year of our Lord 1730, and also the Pe-that Purpose. tition of the Justices of the Peace, assembled the 12th

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Day of January, in the Year of our Lord 1730, at the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, holden for the and Freeholders, of the County of Essex, and of many North Riding of the said County, and also the Petition Traddmen, living in several Towns and Villages in the of the Justices of Peace, Gentlemen, and Grand Juries, laid County, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, pre- for the West Riding of the said County, were referred; fented to the House the Eleventh Day of February instant, that the Committee had considered the Matters contained is referred; and that the Petitioners be heard by them- in the said Petitions, and had come to several Resolutions, selves, or Counsel, it they think fit, before the said Com- which they had directed him lo report to the House; And mittee, against the said last mentioned Petition. he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- it in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read; and mittee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the the Resolutions of the Committee are as followeth; viz. same time, upon the said Petition, presented to the House the Eleventh Day of February instant.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the Town of Brainlre, and of the Parishes

Rejohed, That it appears to this Committee, That the Proceedings in the Law being in Law Latin, abbreviated, and wrote in Court Hands and Characters, unintelligible, and not legible, to the moll Part of the Persons concerned,

ot Backing and Waltham, and other adjacent Places, in especially incriminal Cafes, are the great cause of the Dclay the County of Essex, whose Names are thereunto sub- of Justice, and occasion most dangerous Frauds, feribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That spe-forth, that the extending the Navigation of the River cial Pleadings are very expensive, intricate, and dilatory, Chelmer from Chelmsford to Lit lie Waltham Budge, in the and highly prejudicial to the Property of the Subject,

said County, will not only be very advantageous to the Rejohed, That it appears to this Committee, That the Petitioners, and all the Inhabitants of the adjacent Places, Recovery of small Debts, as the Law is now practised, is but to the Pviblick in general, by improving and increasing so expensive, that many prudent People chool'e rather to of Trade: And praying, that the Navigation of the R.ver, lose their just Dues, than to go to Law for the Recovery running from Chelmsford to Malden, in the said County, thereof, to the Destruction of Credit, and great Detri-for which a Petition is depending in this House, may be ment of Trade, extended from Chelmsford to Little Waltham Bridge, in the said County.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, and Freeholders, of the County office*, thou land One hundred and Fifty-seven, and that the and of many Tradesmen, living in several Towns and Number of Attorneys, admitted in the Court of Corn-Villages in the said County, whose Names are thereunto mon Pleas, amounts to Three thousand and Six. subscribed, is referred; and that they do examine the The Three first of the said Resolutions, being severally Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion read a Second time, were, upon the Questiort severally thereupon, to the House. put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The last Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, by the Books of Entries, brought before them for that Purpose by the proper Officers, That the Number of Attorneys, admitted in the Court of King's Bench, amounts to One

CtanJj;*'*

Name.

A Bill to enable Richard C Gentleman, and his \ffue, to take and use the Surname of Turner, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Inwen,

Mr. Campbell, Mr. Laroche, Sir John Dutton, Mr. Wither, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Bramjion, Mr. Orlebar, Mr. Stuart, Mr. Brookjlank, Mr. Griffith, Mr. Longue-ville. Sir James Campbell, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Phillips, Sir Rickard Ellys, Mr.

Drummond, Sir Robert Monro, Sir Charles Turner, Sir Richard Lane, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Turner, Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr. Hamilton, Sir Thomas Clark, Mr.

Mr. Scawen, Mr. Geers, Mr. Earle, Mr. Gou'd, Mr. Ueathcote, Mr. Lyjler, Sir Rowland Mr. nejley, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Verrym, Mr. Crojfe, Sir Tho. Lee, Lord Mayor of London, Sir Geo. Cafwall; and all, that serve for the County of Surry; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the said Resolution be postponed. Ordered, nemine contradicente, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, or Bills, upon the said Resolutions, agreed unto by the House; and that Sir George Savile, Mr. Cholmley Turner, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr Mr Thompson of York, Mr. Glanville, Mr. Oglethorpe, and Mr. Sandys, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Ordered, That Lifts be laid before this House, of all such Persons as have been admitted Attorneys or Solicitors in pursuance of the Act, passed in the Second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for the better Regulation of Attorneys and Solicitors, with the Places of their usual Abode, when and where admitted, and by whom, ftnet the last Lifts laid before this House.

Attorney

SaltfiMH'

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Supply

be $»\\»* Mr. Hamilton reported from the Committee, to whom _ The Order being read, for the House to resolve itself Nat. the Bill to naturalize Hieronimus de Solis, Esquire, was into a Committee of the whole House, to consider futther Uni 21

4 Geo. H a a* — *'3*

of the Bill For granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the

p- Year 1731;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com-1 s- mittee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, for ex-

Y: onerating the County of Sussex from the Payment of

One hundred and Seventeen Pounds, One Shilling, overcharged upon the said County by the Land Tax Act, passed in the Year 1728, and also for the Payment of One hundred and Seventeen Pounds, One Shilling, over-‘ Gt. charged upon the said County by the Land Tax Act,

‘Y. passed in the Year 1729.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com-

h:.'. mittee, that they have Power to receive a Clause of

Y Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com-Y. mittee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, to make

Yf good the Deficiency of the Land Tax for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-nine, out of the ;[.r.. Supplies granted for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-one.

?. Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles 'Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

.; Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit ' . again.

jY Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

' ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

FebruariL 641

in the Parliament of Scotland in the Yeat 1695, for Re-lijef of the said Town, by laying an fmposition of Two Penies Scots oh every Pint of Ale, brewed and vended there, and within the Liberties thereof; and also upon other Goods and Merchandizes, in the said Act mentioned, which Impositions were in the Year 1707, by'another Act of the Parliament of Scotland, continued for a further Term, which will cease in July 1733, to ^e cn<^ Provision may be made for paying off the great Debts of the Town, and that their great Church may be repaired; and so kept, and the Stone Pier on the South Side of their Harbour, Be put into good Repair, and a neW one built on the North Side thereof, and that the Town-house may be rebuilt, and made convenient for the Courts of Justice, Records, and other publick Uses.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Coihmittee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the feme, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Colonel Middleton, Mr.; Mr. Byng, Mr. Whit worth, Mr. Mr. Crisp,'.

Sir Thomas Saunderson, Mr. Wyndhum, Sir John,

Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Clavering, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Drummond, Mr. Allington, Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Wah

pole. Sir Nathanael Curzou, Mr. . Mr. Huiks, Mr. Martin, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Waller, Mr. Mr. Plum-

mer, Major Compton, Mr. Newland, Sir Archibald Grant, Lord Limerick, Mr. Crowle, Lord Per cival\ and all the Members that serve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons; Papers, and Records.

‘Cnrrmitt*e Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec-of Privileges, tions be adjourned.

d

dc

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 2 30 die Februarii;

Anno 40 Georgii IP* Regis, 1730.

Y Woollen ? -V Manufacture.

A PETITION of the Mayor, Recorder, capital Burgesses, Common-council, Freemen, and Inhabitants of the Borough of Plyin the County of Devon; and also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Justices, capital Burgesses, and Assistants, together with the Serge-m.tkers, Fullers, and other the principal Inhabitants, of his Majesty's antient Borough, and his Royal Highness's Manor, of Bradninch, in the County of Devon, in behalf of themselves, and many thousand others, employed in the Woollen Manufactures there, and Places adjacent;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; complaining of the great Decay of the Woollen Manufacture, and Increase of the Poor, occasioned by the running of Wool from England and Ireland into loreign Parts, where they rival and undersell us, by the Cheapnelsof their Labour, to the Ruin of our Manufactures: And therefore praying, that the Laws made against the Exportation of Wool, may be made more effectual, ant! such other Relief given, as the House mail think fit.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Matters, and Members, of the Company of Weavers within the City of Bristol, is referred.

Aberdeen A Petition of the Provost, Baillies, and Council, of Town Debts; the Town of Aberdeen, in behalf of themselves, and of the [: Community thereof* was presented to the House, and

p read; praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a

Bill for enlarging the Term granted by an Act, passed Vol. 21.

Mr. More presented to the House (according to Or- . Fontaine's der) a Bill to naturalize Mary Anne de la; and Nac.

the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time;

A Petition of the Manufacturers; wholefele Traders, Hawker* and Shopkeepers, residing within' the City of London, and whose Names are thereunto subseri bed, on behalf of themselves, and other the Traders and Shopkeepers within this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; complaining, that the Trade, carried on by Hawkers and Pedlars, is gre&tlyprejudicial to all honestand fair Traders and Shopkeepers, of known Settlements and Residence, and great Misfortunes and Inconveniences arise from it:

And therefore praying the Consideration of the House, and such Relief, as to the House shall seem meet;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the several Shopkeepers, and Traders; inhabiting within the City of Westminster, and Liberty thereof, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on be* half of themselves, and others, was presented ro the

House, and read; complaining that the Practice of hawking and felling Goods, is the Cause of a great Decay, in the home Trade, and tends to the Ruin of the honest and fair Traders, who, being Housekeepers, or Shopkeepers; bear the heavy burthen of the national and parochial Taxes, and Parish Offices, from which Hawkers and Ped-Jars are exempt: And therefore praying such Relief; as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of several Merchants; Planters* and others; colonial trading to, and interested in, his Majesty's Sugar Colonies Trade, in America, in behalf of themselves, and many others, was presented to the House, and read; complaining, that divers of his Majesty's Subjects, residing within his Dominions in America, and.elsewhere, have of late Years

7 Z carried

642

23° — 24b Februarii.

A.

1730.

carried on a Trade to the foreign Sugar Colonies in Ante* The Order of the Day being read;

rica, from whence they are supplied with Sugar, Rum, Re/elved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- Applmt

Molasses, and their other Productions, instead of those ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, from our own Colonies, as well as with foreign European to consider of the Application of the growing Produce Goods and Manufactures, contrary to the Intention of of the Sinking Fund, and what Ease may be given to the the Laws in being, and the Treaty, made with France in Trade and Manufactures of this Kingdom.

1686; and, as this new Method of Trade increases and And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

ennches the Colonies of other Nations, so it s mjunous to Morning, Nine of the Clock,

the Trade of this Kingdom, and greatly 1mpover1lt.es the D

British Sugar Colonies: And therefore the Petitioners ——

pray the Confidenition of the House, and such Relief, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Rushout, Mr. Bromley,

Mr. Pelham, Mr. Dr ax, Mr. Scrope, Mr. Whitworth,

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir Charles Turner, , A Petition ot ot Strat field Sea, in the Piu'iNn

Sir Charles Wager, Mr. Clutter buck, Mr. Heathcote,

Lord Harvey, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Pudency, Colonel

Bladeh, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Mr. Howard, Mr.

Gould, Mr. Burton, Mr. Doddington, Mr. Keif all. Lord

Mercurit, 24° die Februarii 3

Anno 40 Georgii IIdl Regis, 1730. Prayers.

JVfA R Y Anne de la Fontaine took the Oaths appointed, in order to her Naturalization.

A Petition of George Pitt, of Strat field Sea, in the County of Southampton, Esquire, on behalf of his Grandchildren, , and Lucy, Pitt, all Infants, under

the Age of Twenty-one Years, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner's said Paimerston, Grand-children were all born out of Iris Majesty's Alle-

Sir Walter Bagot, Mr. Arundell, Sir Wm.Tonge, Mr.. ^ncJ'.bu] arcal‘e^ucate^ the Protestant Religion m

Bevan, Mr. Bacon, Sir Wm. Witlys, Mr. Northmore, this Kingdom: And pray ing, that Leave may be given

Sir John Dutton, Colonel Read, Mr. Secretary at War,

Dr. Sayer, Mr. Nelthorpe, Mr. Tilfon, Sir John Cope,

Mr. Wimingtw, Sir Tho. Saunderson, Mr. Plummer,

Mr. Gybbon, Sir Wm. Wyndham, Mr. Bramfion, Mr.

Harley, Sir Edward Dejlouverie, Mr. Waller, Mr. Dock-

minique. Sir Geo. Saville, Mr. Hughes, Sir Justinian

to bring in a Bill for naturalizing the said George, James, and Lucy, Pitt.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Bromley and Sir JuJlinian Isham do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Maria Catherina Wife of the

Right honourable Wm.Godolphin, Esquire, commonly called Marquis of Bland ford, was pretented to the House,

and read; letting forth, that the Petitioner was born out

Isham, Mr. Phillips, Sir Archibald Grant, Sir John Hind

Cotton, Lord Mayor of London, Mr. Townshend, Mr.

Banks-, and all the Merchants of the House: And all, that come, are to have Voices: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's of his Majesty's Allegiance, but is a Protestant, and has Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, given good Proof of her Loyalty to his Majesty, and the \ and Records. Good of this Kingdom: And praying, that Leave may

be given to bring in a Bill for her Naturalization.

Woollen A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, Manofa&uie. and Freeholders, of the County of Leicester, in behalf of according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that themselves, and of many Thousands of Wool-growers, Mr. Levejon and Mr. William junior, do

was presented to the House, and read; alleging, that the prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Act for burying in Woollen, proved a great Encouragement to the Wool-growers, as well as to the Woollen A Petition of the Tradesmen, Shopkeepers, and Ma-Manufacture of this Kingdom; but, for want of afeer- nufacturers, Inhabitants of the Town of Birmingham, in taining the Quantity of Wool, each Person should be the County of Warwick-, and also, buried in, the good Effects of the said Act have been in A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens, of a great Measure defeated: That the Price of Wool hath the City of Worcester, assembled in Council; and also, for several Years been very low, and great Quantities lie A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Gentlemen, in the Growers Hands, in a perithable Condition, to the Shopkeepers, and other principal Inhabitants, and Trades-Ruin of many Thousands of Landholders, unless some men, of the Borough of Penryn, in the County of Corn-Method can be found, to make their Wool marketable: wall, in the behalf of themselves, and of many Thousand praying the Confederation of the House. sands of other Shopkeepers, and Tradesmen, within that

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con- Part of Great Britain called England-, and also, federation of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Matters, and Members, of the Company of Weavers within the City of Bristol, is referred; and that they do

GoMpM

Nil

HiwkersMl

Pedlars,

A Petition of the principal Traders of the City of Bristol-, and also,

A Petition of the Shopkeepers, Tradesmen, and Mami-examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it fasturers. Inhabitants of the Town of in be-

shall appear to them, to the House. half of themselves, and several Hundred others;and alto,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Borough of Ash-

oC

(up-

Sevitte.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty,

burton -, and also,

A Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses of the Town of poled Beda- \ie will be graciously pleased to communicate to this Nottingham, in Council assembled, in behalf of them-^!e°Tre*ty ot House a Copy of the Declaration, said to be made by the selves, and the rest of the settled Traders, Shopkeepers, Marquis de Caflelar, in the Name of the King of Spain, rt atiV,

and delivered by him at Paris to the Miniftets of the Allies of the'l reatv of Seville, That his Catholick Majesty was

intirelyTree from the Obligations of the said T reaty;

The House divided;

The Yeas go forth *.

Tellers for the Yeas,^r‘

'(Mr. Henley:

Tellers for the Nocs*Mr- Henry tellers for toe inocs,

So it passed in the Negative.

1

1

243

and Manufacturers, of Great Britain -, and also,

A Petition of the Traders of the Borough of Bishops Castle, in the County of Salop; and also,

A Petition of the Shopkeepers, and Retail Traders, of the Town and Borough of »in the County of

Gloucester; and also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the City of Oxon -,

Were severally presented to the House, and read; praying such Relief, as the House shall think lit, against the pernicious and destructive Trade, carried

on

f u

4 Geo. II.

24' Pebruafil.

on by Hawkers and Medlars, in ve tiding prohibited Ordered That the said Petitions be referred to the and uncustomed Goods, and otherwise, to the Ruin Consideration of a Committee; and that they do exa-of the fair Traders and Shopkeepers, who are forced mine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their1 to pay Taxes, and bear Parish Offices, which Hawkers Opinion thereupon, to the House: and Pedlars do not. And the said Petitions are referred to Mr. Vincent, Mr*

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie B, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Oglethorpe, Lord Lord

upon the Table.

Woollen A Petition of the Merchants, Woolstaplers, Clothiers, toimifaflure. and Woolcombers,. &c. in the Vicarage of Halifax, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of the great Decay of the Woollen Manufactures, occasioned by

Vere Beauclerk, Mr. fVinningtonSir Geo. Savil/e, Mr.

Dockminitpue', Mr. Alderman Barnard, Mr. Scawen, Colonel Onslow, Mr. Conduit, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Sandys, Mr. More, Mr. Brooksbank, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Page, Mr. Wither, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Bevan, Mr.

Mr. Williams; and all the Members, that serve for the

r n ir»/r rxf t 4 r /-1 rr till Urn j dUU <111 lllC iVlCUlUCIi, lliuL ICiVC iUl U1C

the running of Bra.Jh and Injh Wool into foreign Coun- c<,unti<., of MUileja, Surry, Berk, and Bucks: And tnes, wham hey nval us in our own Fabrics, to the , are ,0 , ,hfs Afterl4,n, at Five of the dock.

great Impovenlhment of our Manufacturets: And pray- 'he Speak<,r.s Chamber; and have Power to fend for ing, that the running of Wool may be more effectually perfo 'p a,<] Records.

prevented.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Mailers, and Members, of the Company of Weavers within the City of Bristol, is referred.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and capital Burgesses, and of the Merchants, and Traders, in the several

Ordered, That John Neale, Esquire, have Leave to gd Leave of into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Afcfence. Occasions.

Mr. Geers reported from the Committee, to whom the Gloucester Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others* Road*.

Branches of the Woollen Manufactures, in Barnestaple, in. living in, and near, and passing through, the several the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and Roads leading through the Town of Mortonhetimarsh, read; complaining of the great Decay of their Woollen in the County of Gloucester, viz. from the Quarry above Manufactures, and increase of their Poor, occasioned the Town of on the Hill, through flic laid Town

chiefly by the running of Wool, and Woollen Goods, of to and through the Town of -

from Ireland to France, and other foreign Parts: And ping Norton, to Chappell on the Heath, being the Road

praying, that the same tnay be prevented, and that a leading from the City of Worcester towards the Cities of Duty may be laid on IrijliWorlted, equal with the Oxford and London, and from Tidmington Bridge, through. Charges upon what comes to England, or such other Toddenham, and the said Town of Mortonhenmarsh, to Relief given, as the House shall think proper. the upper End of Broadwell Wall, and from Strettan

And a Motion being made, That the said Petition be Heath, by Stretton on the Fofle, over Newbridge, by

referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom Dome, through the said Town of Mortonhenmarsh afore-

the Petition of several Matters, and Members, of the Com- said, to the upper End of the said Broadzve/l Wall* pany of Weavers within the City of Bristol, is referred; being Part of the Roman Fofle Road, leading from the and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report North of England to the Cities of Bristol and Bath, and the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House; the V\ eft of England, was referred; that the Committee And the House being informed, that the said Com- had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and bad

Regulating

Tuames

Watermen.

mittee had come to a Resolution in Relation to Irish Yam;

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table#

A Petition of several Gentlemen, and other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Proprietors and Owners of several Ferry-boats, Luggage Barges, and Coal Barges, employed between Kingston Bridge, in the County of Surry, and Windsor Bridge, in the County of Berks; and also,

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and

directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

That the Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, dated the 16th of February instant, pro* ceeded to examine the Allegations of the said Petition; and, to prove the fame, called the following Witnessi-s; viz.

Henry Hunt, Esquire; who said, that he knows the Roads mentioned in the Petition, and that they are in

for Pa-

other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, t, u j .1 . j

1 . r ., r j, ., n. r the Winter-lealon to very bad, that it is dangerous

Inhabitants of the town of Wmdfur, in the County of t> 1 u r rp, ®

Berks, and also of several Proprietors and Owners of ;"> »«! through the fame: That the several Ferry boats, Luggage Barges, and Coal Barges, employed between Kingston Bridge, in the County of Surry, and Windsor Bridge, in the said County of Berks;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; alleging, that such Persons, as work in the Petitioners Ferry-boats, Luggage Barges, and Coal Barges, being adjudged to be included in the Clause of the Ad, of the Second Year of his Majesty's

rilhioners have constantly done their Statute-work, but the same is not near sufficient to repair the Road.

Mr. Dtacle and Mr. Wm. Winslow, being severally examined, laid, that the said Roads are extreme bad in the Winter-season, and have been so for many Years, notwithstanding the Parishioners have constantly done their Statute-work: That the same cannot be effectually repaired, and so kept, without the Aid of Parliament. t> , 1 Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

vign, re a ing o a ernien, errymen, an repairing the several Roads leading from Chappell on the' Lightermen, rowing on the River Thames, whereby ° ~

11 i> 1- a aci- 1 r , 1 Heath, in the County of Oxon, to the Quarry above

all Persons are restrained from working in luchherrv- D . Ull 1 . j

. D ... . I, s 1 r ' Bourton on the Hill, and from Tidmm?ton Bridge, and

boats and Barges, between the Places before men- _ , u . , ... , ,. f,

tioned, but such. as have served Seven Years *'H,eat"' <°|‘heupper Isr.cof WWW,. Apprenticed^ to fom. Waterman, Wherry man, *he G, Tf* ', and tha,‘ Mr f % ‘‘ ^,°"J

or Lighterman, unless the Cud Clause be explained S." . Mr' . Un$s' "d d,r Ruhari

in relation to Inch Boats and Barges, as aforesaid, Un!' do PreParc> and brm8 the fam<* the Price of the Carriage of Goods therein will be Sir Henry Hoghton reported from the Committee, to Manchifter very much advanced; which will be biirthenfome whom the Petition of the several Inhabitants, Traders, Workhous*. to his Majesty's Subjects, and prejudicial to the and Proprietors of Land, within the Town of Petitioners: And therefore praying, that Leave in the County of whose Names are thereunto

may be given to bring in a Bill to explain the said subscribed, in behalf of themselvfcs, and others, the Clause, so as the Petitioners may be enabled to Inhabitants, Traders, and Proprietors of Lands, in the carry on their Business, as they formerly did, to the said Town, and also the Petition of the principal Inha-Benefit of the Public k. bitants. Traders, and-Land-owners, within the Town of

Vol. 21. Manchester

24° Febriariu

A. 1730.

tjfancheter Matte heftef, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, whole

o house. Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of thenileJves,

and others, the greafeft Part of the Inhabitants, Traders, and Land-owners, within the said Town, and also the Petition of the /everai t'nhabirants. Land-owners, and Traders, within the Town of in the County

Palatine of Lancaster, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and others, the principal Inhabitants, Land-owners, and Traders, within the said Town, were referred; that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions, and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, together with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, to the House: And he read ihe Report in his Place, and after-Wards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; where the Report was read, and is as followcch; viz.

That the Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, of the Twenty-third Day of January last, had examined the Matter of the said Petitions; andj to prove the Allegations of the First Petition, tncfics were called; viz.

Mr. Chrijicpher Byron, being examined, laid, that the Town of A.lanchejieris very large and populous, and the Poor numerous; and that within thele Five Years the Inhabit.ints have paid double of what they paid formerly, towards the Maintenance of the Poor:

That he applied to the proper Officer, who kept the Poor's Books, to inspetft, and take a Copy, or Extratft, from them, and was denied lo to do; but the Overseers of the Poor acknowledged to him, that the Poor's Rates were very much increased from what they used to be.

He further said, that, if a Workhouse was built, the Poor might be employed, and kept from rambling up and down; it would be an Eale to the Inhabitants, in the Poor's Rates, paid towards their Maintenance, and be of great Advantage to the Trade of the Town.

And he further gave Evidence, that about October, 1729, he was sent for to be at a Meeting of several of the chief and substantial Inhabitants of the Town, at which Meeting the Churchwardens, and other Officers of the Town, were present, and then received Instruction, in Writing, from one of the Churchwardens, to prepare a Draught of a Subscription Deed: Pursuant thereunto, he ptepared one accordingly, and attended them at another Meeting with it; when it was read, and unanimously agreed to by all, that were then present, and ordered to be ingrossed; and, after it was ingrossed, he law Fourteen of them lign it, which were all, that were present at that Meeting; Which Subscription Deed he delivered to the Committee; which was read; whereby it appeared, that Two thousand Pounds, and upwards, is subscribed, the Subscribers whereof are the chief Inhabitants of the Town.

And he laid further, that he was at a Meeting of some of the Inhabitants in June last, about Eight Months after the Subscription Deed was signed; when it was unanimously agreed, that a Workhouse should be hired for a Year only, for employing the Poor, until one could be built, pursuant to the Subscription Deed; and it was then agreed by the Churchwardens to apply to Parliament for an Act for creating a Workhouse:

That he was at the Workhouse, so hired, in December last, wherein were only Forty-five People taken in, and saw only One Perfirn employed at Work.

Mr. John Kay, being called, and examined, said, that he hath known the Town of Manchester about Four Years; and uioft of the Subscribers acknowledged to him, that their Names to the Subscription Deed was of their own Hand-writing} and he knew them to be Men of Subltaoce.

Then the Committee proceeded to examine the Matter of the Two Petitions, presented to the House the Second lnstant; and, to prove the Allegations thereof, Witnesses were called;

Mr. Bcwker; who laid before the Committee a Book of AiRfiments, made for a Poor's Rate in the Town of Manchester, which was signed by the Justices of the Peace

in June last, which is the usual Time of making the said A/Ieffments.

He is Overseer of the Poor, and hath been lo for Ten Years pa ft, for which he receives a Salary of Thirty Pounds per Annum :And laid, that a Book was produced

at a Meeting of several of the Inhabitants of the Town, and subscribed by great Numbers of them; but confessed, he never saw, or heard of, any such Book kept there, or of any such Meeting, before.

Mr. Jeffery Hart mid, that he had taken an Abstract of the Poor's Rate; and that it amounted to about £.1,333.

That the Inhabitants who have signed the Subscription Deed, and petitioned for a Bill for efedting a Workhouse, pay to the Poor's Rate £. 229. is. 9a. That the Petitioners against such Bill, who have subscribed the Deed, pay £.236. 14*. 2 d.and the rest of the Petitioners against the same pay £.506. 14*. 4 And he added, that at a Meeting, after the Subscription Deed was signed, it was then proposed to hire a Workhouse for a Year; and at another Meeting, the 2 2d of December last, a Paper was read, said to be a Subscription, which was rejected by those, that were then present.

Mr. John Byrom, being called, confirmed the Evidence, given by Mr. Hart, of a Proposal of hiring a Workhouse for a Year; and added, that he was at the Meeting on the 22d of December last, where about 190 of the Inhabitants of the Town were present; when it waspropoled to them to agree to the Subscription Deed, Which had been signed by several of the Inhabitants, for ere&inga Workhouse, a Copy of which, he said, was read at that Meeting; and they all declared against it: But, being asked, if he had examined that Paper, which was read to them, with the original Subscription Deed, he said, he never saw it: He hath a Family at but

could not say; whether or no he paid Scotland Lot.

That the Committee came to the following Resolutions; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of the Committee,

That the Petitioners for a Bill for erecting a Workhouse in the Town of Manchester, have fully proved the Allegations of their said Petition.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the House be moved for Leave to bring in a Bill for erecting a Workhouse in the Town of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, for the better main- taming and employing the Poor of the said Town.

And ,the House being moved, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the last Resolution of the Committee;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, upon the Debate of the House, for erecting a Workhouse in the Town of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, for the better maintaining and employing the Poor of the said Town; and that Sir Henry Hoghton,

Mr. Plumptre, the Lord Malpas, and Mr. Brooksbank, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Applicaiie: resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to otthe considerof the Application of the growing Produce of the Sinking Fund, and what Ease may be given to the ' Trade and Manufactures of this Kingdom, be now read;

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do considerof the Disposition of that Part of the Produce of the Sinking Fund, which is now remaining in the Exchequer.

Ordered, That the Surpluses, dated at One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Surplusses, dated at One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty, be referred to said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the gross and net Produce of the Duties upon Candles for Three Years, to Midsummer lad, distinguishing each Year, be referred to said Committee.

Ordtrtd,

t

fei.

It'k

'y>

I':-

3 il -'

1V, k',

t:;K

t;

p

ill's

IK

Supply Bill; . Land Tax.

i fcaywentsout of the Sinking Fond.

i,

Cv

ft Committeeof ;r fririleges.

x:

Woollen

Manufacture.

a*'*

u

4 Geo. II. *4° — 25°

Ordered, That the Account of the gross and net Produce of the Duties upon Candles for Seven Years, to Midsummer 1729, distinguishing each Year, presented to the House in the latt Session, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account, shewing, what publick Funds are now in being, how for they are incumbered, and what are, or are not, appropriated to the Sinking Fund, presented to the House in the last Session, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles 'turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles turner reported from the Committee, that they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, reloive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great,

for the Service of the Year 1731.

Ordered, That Mr. Pulteney have Leave to make a Motion, it being past Four of the Clock,

And he moved the House accordingly:

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account, shewing, what further Part of the Sum of One hundred S.veoty-six thousand Four hundred Ninety-four Pounds, Hiree Shillings, and Three Farthings, for the Charge of circulating Exchequer Bills, and Fifteen thousand Four hundred Ninety-three Pounds, Ten Shillings, and Three Pence Farthing, for Management, which was paid out of the Sinking Fund (ince the 12th Day of April 17 27, and what other Sums, if any, have been paid for the like Service, fmee that Time, out of the Sinking Fund, and how the same has been replaced.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 25® die Februarii;

Anno 40 Georgii IIdI Regis, 1730. Prayers.

A PETITION of the Mayor, Aldermen, Common-council, free Burgesses, and Inhabitants, of the Borough of Dunheved, alias Launceston, in the County of Cornwall; and also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, and Freemen, and others Inhabitants, of the Borough and Parish of Lyme Regis, in the County of m behalf of them-

selves and others; and also,

A Petition of the Mayor, and Burgesses, and other Inhabitants, of the Borough of Devizes, in the County of Wilts, and the adjacent Parts, concerned in the Woollen Manufacture; and allb,

A Peti|ion of the Seige-makers, Stuff-makers, and others, Traders and Dealers in the Woollen Manufacture, in Kettering, in the County of Northampton, and Places adjacent, on the behalf of themselves, and all others, Traders and Dealers in the same Manufacture, throughout the said County of Northampton;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; complaining of the great Decay of the Woollen Manufacture, and Increase of the Poor, occasioned chiefly by the running of Wool, from England and Vol. 21.

Februarii. 645

Ireland into foreign Parts, to the Ruin of our Manufacturers: And praying such Redress, as to the House shall seem meet.

' And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Matters, and Members, of the Company ox Weavers within the City of is referred.

A Petition of the Mayor, and Aldermen, and principal Traders, of the Borough of West bury, in the County of Wilts; and also,

A Petition of the principal Traders, and Shopkeepers, of the ancient Town and Borough of Denbigh, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of their Brethren; and also, A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens, of Exeter; and also,

A Petition of the Shopkeepers, Manufacturers, prin-, cipal Tradesmen, and others, of the Borough of Malmf-bury, in the County of Wilts, and Parishes and Places adjacent; and also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, Burgesses, and Commonalty, of the Town of Bedford, in the County of Bedford-, and also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common-council, of the City of Canterbury, in Burghmot atfeaibled,

in behalf of themselves, and other the Citizens, Freemen,. Manufacturere, and Traders, of the said City;

Were fevera.ly presented to the House, and read; praying such Relief, as the House shall think fit, against the pernicious and destructive Trade, carried on by Hawkers and Pedlars, in vending prohibited and uncuttomed Goods, and otherwise, to the Ruirt of the fair Traders and Shopkeepers, who are forced to pay Taxes, and bear Parish Offices, which Hawkers and Pedlars do not.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Makers of English Sail-cloth, in behalf of themselves, and many Thousands of the Poof of this Kingdom, employed in the making thereof; and also;

A Petition of the under-written Merchants, in behalf of themselves, and many others, concerned in Navigation. and for employing the Poor of this Kingdom; Were severally presented to the House, and read; complaining, that the Laws, made for encouraging the making of Sail-cloth in this Kingdom, are in a great Measure defeated by the Importation of foreign Sail-cloth, particu'arly from RnJJja, though Worse than that made here, to the great Impovef'fhftienc of our Manufactory, and Danger of loung the feme: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and give such Encourigement to the said Manufactory, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And the said Petitions are referred to Mf. Alderman Barnard, Mr Campbell, Mr. Mr. Drumond,

Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Earle, Mr. Mr. Papillen,

Mr. Dan. Pulteney, Mr. Clutter buck, Mr. Mr.

Lewis, Sir Geo. Cafwall, Mr. Scrope, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. thompson. Lord VereBeauclerk, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Bacon, Sir Charles turner. Sir tho. Hates, Mr. G/an-ville, Mr. titfon, Mr. Fane, Mr. Mr. Gybbon,

Mr. Sandy;, Mr. Clayton, Sir Edinund Bacon, Colonel Bladen, Mr. Pelham, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir Charles Wages-, Mr. Cock burn, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Aiftabie, Mr. Smelt, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Midaleton, Mr. Bootle, Mr.

Edwards -, and all the Merchants of the House, and that serve for the Sea-ports: And all, that come, are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the-Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers and Reconds.

8 A A Petition

Hawken anil Pedlar*.

Manufacture of Sail-cloth.

ie

646

5° Februariu

A. 1730.

t)undee Town and Harbour*

A Petition of the Provost, Baillies, and Town Council, Drummond, Sir Tko. Clark, Mr. Alderman Child, Mr. of the Burgh of Dundee, under the common Seal of the Plumer, Mr. Burton, Mr. Mr. Edwards,

said Burgh, waspresented to the House, and read; pray- Mr. Palmer, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Mr. Mr.

ing, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for con- Pitt, Sir Sir Vernon, Mr. Baron

tinuing the Payment of the Duty or Imposition of Two Birch, Sir Geo. Downing, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Bramston,

Penies Scots, or the Sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, granted to the Magistrates and Town Council of the said Burgh by an Act, passed in the Parliament of Scotland in the Year 1707, for every Scots Pint of Ale or Beer, over and above the Duty of Excise, that shall be for Sale either brewed, brought in, vended, fold, or tapped, within the said Town, and Privileges thereof, for Payment of the Debts of the said Burgh, and repairing their Harbour, Piers, Town-house, Prisons, and publick Works, and giving proper Salaries to Matters, for instructing the Youth of the said Town, for such Number of Years, and under such Regulations, as shall be thought proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con

Mr. Lowther, Mr. Annesley, Lord Mr.

Heathcote, Sir Richard Lane, Mr. Cross, Mr. Norris,

Mr. Conduit; and all the Members, that serve for the Counties of Chester, Lancaster, and Stafford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons,

Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this Money* House, an Account of what publick Money is now I?m^"tke remaining in his Majesty's Exchequer, which has not been brought to any Account, laid before this House in this Session.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this C0®*®*

(ideration of a Committee , and that they do examine House, an Account of the several Competitions, which

have been made in pursuance of an Act, made in the the Ow* First Year of his Majesty's Reign, to enable the Commissioners of the Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer, for the Time being, t? compound with George Montague Bacon, John Atwood, and John Burton, Esquires, late Commissioners for licensing Hawkers, Pedlars, and

Ordered, That the proper Officers do lay before this House, an Account of the Debt, dill remaining unpaid after the several Compositions, which have been made with any of the said late Commissioners for licensing

the Matter thereof, and report the tame, as it shall appear to them, to the H tufe:

And it is referred to Mr. Drummond, Sir James Campbell, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Douglas, Mr. P/umptre,

Mr. Earle, Mr. Dodington, Mr. Burton, Mr. Byng, Mr.

Clayton, Mr. Hamilton, General Wade, Mr. Sandy*, Mr.

Foley, Mr. Forbes, Mr. Lowther, Lord Palmerjton, Mr. petty Chapmen, for a Debt, they stood charged with to Alderman Child, Sir Geo. Savitle, Sir Nathanael Curzon, the Crown.

Mr. Aiflabie, Mr. Smelt, Sir Robert Abdy, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Mr. Cartwright; and all the Members, that serve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber -, and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Hawkers, Pedlars, and petty Chapmen, and what Pro-Records. ceedings have been had, and against whom, for recover-

ing the fame, what has been recovered, and also, if any, SfAnith A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and others, Mer- and how much, is still unpaid, and what there is to be

Depredation* chants, trading from the Port of Liverpool, in the County had towards satisfying the fame.

Trade. Lancaster, to his Majesty s Colonies in the Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Perry have Leave to go West Indies, was presented to the House, and read; com- to the Bath, upon account of the Indifpofitton of his plaining of their bufferings by the continued Depredations Lady, who is now there, of the Spaniards, who have treated such, as h ve fallen 1 into their Hands, in a very barbarous and cruel manner:

And praying the Consideration of the House, and such Redress, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom

| Tcii; bo.

hand

Abftnct.

Mr. Talbot reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the High Sheriff, Justices of the Peace, Grand Jury, and other Gentlemen, met together at the Assizes, held at New Saturn, in the County of the 7th of March, in the 3d Year of the Reign of his

Wiltfliw

GuL

the Petition of the Merchants, and others, of the City of Majesty King George the Second, was referred; that Bristol, trading to and from his Majesty's Colonies and Plantation* in America, is referred.

klDtOt, &C< Roads.

A Petition of several of the Gentlemen, and Freeholders, of the County Palatine of Chester, was presented to the House, and read , alleging, that the Roads leading from the most Southern Part of Butt Lane, in the Parish of Lawton, to Lawton, and from thence to the upper End of Cranage Lane, leading from Cranage Bridge to Rud Heath, arc in a ruinous Condition; and the Inhabitants are unable to amend the fame: And praying, that in the Bill, depending in this House, for repairing

the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

That, pursuant to the Order of the House, bearing Date the 4th Instant, the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and, to make auk the Allegations thereof,

Mr. Robert Thorpe was called; and he produced a Report, made by Mr. Naij who was directed by the

the Roads leading trem Lawton Gate, in Lawton, in the Justices of the Peace for the County of Wilts, at the said County, to the Township of Allostock, in the same General Quarter Sessions, held at Marlborough the 9th of County, Provision maybe made for repairing the Roads December 1712, to enquire, whether there was Room leading from the most Southern Part of Butt Lane, in sufficient within the Bridewell at Fisherton Anger, the th foid Parish of Lawton, to Lawton, and from thence Garden, Court, or County Gaol, to build a House for the to the upper End of Cranage Lane, leading from Cranage Bridge, to Rud Heath.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee-, and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the some, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referted to Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr. Myddelton,

Keeper thereof, and the Prisoners, committed to his Custody , in which Report the said Naifh, after having surveyed the Premises, and consulted with several skilful Workmen, certifies, that a fofe and convenient House might be built thereon, to answer the Ends intended, but, for want of more Ground, than what is contained within the Boundaries of the Gaol, such House, if built, would

Mr. Hamilton, Lord Palmerston, Mr.' Bond, Mr. Orie- not be so convenient, as the annexing bar, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Smelt, Mr. Fernon, Mr. Ong- ing-house, and Garden, to what now belongs to the said

ley, Mr. Byng, Mr. Knight, Mr. Lister, Mr.

Sir James Campbell, Sir NathanaelCurzon, Mr. Gold, Sir

Henry Hogkton, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Pelham, Mr, Hucks, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Longueville, Mr,

Gaol, without any new Building, it being, as it now (lands, one of the most commodious lYifons in England.

The foid Mr. Thorpe likewise laid before the Com-paittee another Report, made to the Justices of the bid

County,

4 Geo. II. 250 — 26® Februarii. 647

County, at their Quarter Sessions, held the 7th of March Exchequer, the Resolutiort, they had directed him to 1729, by Mr. Harris, and others, appointed by them report to the House; which he read in his Place, and to consider of his Proposal, made to the said Justices; afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table j where wherein they also certify, that no House can be ere died the same was read, and is as followeth; viz within the Gaol, so convenient, accessible, or well situ- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, ated, for the Gaoler, as the Dwelling-house of the said That out of the Moneys arisen, or to arile, for the Sur- Mr. Thorpe, which is a strong well-built House, and has plufies, Excesses, or overplus Moneys, commonly called all Sorts of Offices belonging to it, besides a Garden of the Sinking Fund, there be issued and paid to the South considerable Extent. Sea Company the Sum of One Million, in Part of that

And Mr. Thorpe, signified to the Committee his Con- Moiety of their whole increased Capital, as. beingdivided, lent to the Agreement, in the Petition mentioned, for in pursuance of an Act, of the Ninth Year of the Reign the Purchase of the said House at £. 1,75a he being of his late Majesty King the First, now remains the determined to quit the said Office of Gaoler. joint Stock of South Sea Annuities, and for redeeming a

That, upon the whole Matter, it fully appeared to the proportional Part of the Annuities attending thereon. Committee, that the Dwelling-house of the said Mr. The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, Thorpe is the most convenient for the Purposes proposed, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by and that the purchasing thereof will be attended with the the House.

least Difficulty and Expence. Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to said Resolution; and that Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Chan-enable the Justices of the Peace of the County of Wilts, cellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Doddington, Sir George or Trustees, to be appointed, to purchase an House, and Mr. Clayton, Sir Yonge, Mr. Scrope,

other Conveniences, for the Habitation of the Gaoler Mr. Tilfon, and Mr. do prepare, and bring in,

of the said County, and for making the common Gaol the fame, of the said County more commodious; and that Mr.

Talbot, Mr. Earle, and Mr. Howe, do prepare, and bring A Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for

in, the fame. the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters,

was read a Second time.

Whitechapel A Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Road*. subscribed, appointed to put in Execution an Act, passed That the Bill be committed to a Committee

in the Eighth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, for repair- of the whole House.

ing the Highways from the Stones End at Whitechapel Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn-Church, in the County of Middlesex, to Shenfield, and to ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole the furthermost Part of the Parish of Woodford, leading House, upon the said Bill, to the Town of Epping, in the County of Essex, and of several Gentlemen, and other Persons, living in, and And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

near, the Highways aforesaid, was presented to the House, Morning, Nine of the Clock,

and read; alleging, that the Road from the Green Man, on Epping Forest, to the White Hart near Woodford

Bridge, in the said County, is so bad, especially in the Winter Season, that it cannot be effectually amended by the Laws now in being: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making the said Act more effectual, by explaining, and enlarging, feme of the Powers thereby given, and for repairing the said Road A BILL for repairing, and keeping in Repair, the from the Green Man, on Epping Forest, to the White Pier and Harbour of Ilfordcombe, in the County

Hart near Woodford Bridge. of Devon, was read the First time.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con- Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time, sideration of a Committee; and that they do examine

the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear A Petition of the Shopkeepiers, and Manufacturers, irt to them, to the House: and about the Borough of Warwick, in the County of

And it is referred to Sir Robert Abdy, Lord Castlemain, Warwick, was presented to the House, and read; pray- Mr. Lyster, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Gould, Sir James Camp- ing such Relief, as the House shall think fit, against the bell. Sir Joseph F.yles, Mr. Stuart, Mr. Harley, Mr. pernicious and destructive Trade, carried on by Hawkers Chetwynd, Mr. Bramflon, Mr. Bromley, Sir George Caf- and Pedlars, in vending prohibited and uncustomed wall, Mr. Baron Birch, Mr. Conduitt, Lord Malpas, Mr. Goods, and otherwise, to the Ruin of the Fair Traders Thompson, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Pafons, Mr. Alderman and Shopkeepers, who are forced to pay Taxes, and bear Child, Mr. Hucks, Mr. Martin, Sir Tho. Read, Mr. Parish Offices, which Hawkers and Pedlars do not. Shepheard, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Heathcote, Mr. Clave- That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

ring, Mr. Annejley, Mr. Geers, Sir Nathanael Curzon,

Mr. Myddtllon, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Edgcumbe, Sir Gilbert A Petition of several of the Trustees, on behalf of Heathcote; and all the Members that serve for the Coun- themselves and the other Trustees. named and appointed ties of Essex, Cambridge, Suffolk, and Norfolk: And they in, and by virtue of, an Act of Parliament, passed in the

are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for George the First, intituled, "An Act for repairing and Persons, Papers, and Records. " amending the Road from BigleJ'wade, in the County of Bedford, to Bugden, and through Alconberry to the Ilfordcombe Mr. Rolle presented to the House (according to Order) "Top of Alconberry Hill, or cross Port, leading into Harboor. a Bill for repairing, and keeping in Repair, the Pier and " Sautery Lane, on the York and Edinburgh Road, and Harbour of Ilfordcombe, in the County of Devon', and " from the said Town of Bugden to the Town of the feme was received. " and from Cross-all in Eaton Soken, in the said

" County of Bedford, to Great Stoughton Common, in Application sir Charles Turner (according to Order) reported from the said County of ," whose Names are

F nd* fr*e Committee of the whole House, to whom it was refer- thereunto subscribed, and also others, who have lent Mo-Ac. ° red to consider of the Application of thegrowing Produce ney upon the Credit of the said Act, whose Names are of the Sinking Fund, and what Ease may be given to the likewise thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, Trade and Manufactures of this Kingdom, and who were and read; alleging, that the Toll granted by the said also to consider of the Disposition of that Part of the Pro- Act, and the Moneys borrowed thereupon, have bee.i duce of the Sinking Fund, which is now remaining in the duly applied to the Amendment of the said Roads, out Voi. 91. it

Veneris, 2 6° die Februarii;

Anno 40 Georgii IIdl Regis, 1730.

Praters.

Puniftilnf

Mu-inv anil Desertion*

Ilfordcombe

Harboor,

Hawkers and Pedlar!.

Regulating Weights of Carriage*

4

468 26° Februarii. A. 1730.

it will be impossible to repair the same effectually, unless Waggoners are restrained from drawing, in the Winter Seaion, especially, such excessive Loads, as they do, or the said Term be enlarged: And therefore praying, that such great and excessive Weights may be prevented, and that it may be ascertained, what Weights Waggoners and Carriers shall lay on one Carriage at one time, with proper Powers, Penalties, Restrictions, and Limitations, touching the fame, or that an additional Toll may be laid on such Carriers, who shall draw with such Weights, or that an additional Term may be added, or such other Remedy provided, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Byng, Sir Rowland , Mr. Thompfcn, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Laroche, Mr. More, Mr. Pelham, Mr. , Mr. Huxley, Mr.

tre, Mr. Edwards, Mr. Mr. Tufnell, Mr. Burton, Mr. York, Sir Wm. Milner, Mr. Lord Vere

Reavelerk, Lord Malpas, Mr. Gregory, Mr. P Sir James Campbell, Colonel Onslow, Sir Thomas Sebright, Sir Humphry Moncux, Mr. Bevan, Mr. Harley, Lord Colerain, Sir John Williams, Mr. Annejley, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Towrjhend, Mr. Oglethorpe, Sir Roger Brad-Jhaigh j and all the Members, that serve for the Counties of Hertford, Bedford, Huntingdon, and Cambridge: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Dunstable A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Grand Jury> Road*. Freeholders, and others, Inhabitants of the County of Bedford, assembled at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, at the Town of Bedford, in and for the said County, on the Eighth Day of October, in the Third Year of his Majesty's Reign, Annoque Domini 1729, was presented to the House, and read; praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term granted by an Act, of the Ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for repairing the Highway between Dunstable and Hockliffe, in the said County, which is the great Road between London and Chester, and for explaining and amending the said Act, and also another Act, of the Twelfth Year of her said late Majesty's Reign, for making more effectual the aforesaid Act, (b as the said Road, which is still in bad Repair, may be effectually amended, and maintained in Repair, which cannot be done, unless the said Term be enlarged.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. , Mr. Byng, Mr.

Hamilton, Lord Fitzwilliam, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Moor, Colonel Handafyde, Colonel Read, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Gregory, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Pelham, Sir Roger Mere-

dith, Mr. Powlett, Sir Geo. Downing, Mr. Clutterbuck, Mr. York. Mr. Longueville, Mr. Duckett, Mr. Edwards, Mr. Pierce, Mr. Bevan, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Plumptre, Sir Wm. Milner, Mr. Burrard, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Nicol, Mr. Crowle, Mr. Norris, Mr. Alderman Child, Mr. Gybbon, Sir John RufhMr. Hughes, Mr. Annejley, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Plu, Sir John , Mr. Harley, Mr. Burton, Mr. Bigg; and all the Members,

that serve for the Counties of Bedford, Northampton, and Bucks: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

De Sali»* An ingrossed Bill to naturalize de Solis, was

Nat. read the Third time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing Hieronimus de Salt's, Esquire.

Ordered, That Mr. Hamilton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Sir George Downing, Baronet, have Lwed Leave to go into the Country for a Week, upon extraor- Abfoce. binary Occasions.

Ordered, That the proper Officers do lay before this Brand? House, an Account of the Quantity of Brandy, imported import from Dunkirk to the Port of London, from 1729,

to Christmas 1730, and under what Denomination of

Brandy the Duties were paid for the same respectively.

Ordered, That the proper Officers do lay before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Brandy, imported from Dunkirk to the several Out-ports, from Christmas 1729, to Christmas 1730, and under what Denomination of Brandy the Duties were paid for the same respectively.

The House being informed, that Mr. Crookfhanks, Prcgre&of Secretary to his Majesty's Commissaries at the Court of Spain, attended at the Door, he was called in, and, at against^i*. the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, An Account of the Progress, which has been made by the Commissaries, appointed by his Majesty in consequence of the Treaty of Seville.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read:

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses; in Parliament assembled.

In humble Obedience to his Majesty's Commands, signified to me by his Grace the Duke of Newcaft/e, one ©this Majesty's principal Secretaries of State, in pursuance of an Address of this honourable House, That his Majesty would be graciously pleased togive Orders for an Account to be laid before them, of the Progress, which has been made by the Commissaries, appointed by his Majesty and the King of Spain, in consequence of the Treaty of Seville, foradjufting the Demands, and Reparations, due to the Merchants of Great Britain, in the Matters to them referred, requiring me to lay before this honourable House an Account of the Proceedings of the said Commissaries, and what I, as their Secretary, have transiufted in the Execution of his Majesty's Commission for the Purposes above-mentioned, I humbly lay before this honourable House the following Account:

His Majesty having been pleased to name Benjamin Keene, Arthur Stert, and John Goddard, Esquires, his Commissaries for the Purposes aforesaid, and to order a Commission for them, in that behalf, to be prepared, and passed under the great Seal, the same was issued accordingly, and bears Date the ad Day of April, io the 3d Year of his Majesty's Reign; by which any One or Two of them may act in the Absence of the rest.

His Majesty's Pleasure having been signified, by a Letter from the said principal Secretary of State to the Lords Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, dated the Stli Day of the same Month, that they shouldgive Notice to the Merchants and others, who had any Claims to belaid beforethe said Commissaries, to bring them to their Board, with the necessary Proofs and Vouchers annexed, to be by them put into the Hands of the said Commissaries,

Care was taken, by publick Advertisements, dated the 9th and 23d of the same Month of April, inserted in the London Gazette, and frequently repeated, and by other proper Notices, to call upon the Merchants, and others concerned, to bring in their Claims to the said Lords Commissioners.

In the mean time Mr. Stert and Mr. Goddard, Twmof the Commissaries, attended the Board of Trade, to con-fult upon the most proper and regular Method of authenticating the Proofs and Vouchers, to be annexed to the said Claims; and, after several Confutations with his Majesty's Advocate-general, as well as with the Merchants, and others concerned, it was thought for the Advantage of the Claimants, that their respective Demands should be authenticated in the Court of Admiralty, according to the general Practice of other Nations in the like Cafes; and an humble Rep refen tat ion being made to the 17 King,

4 Geo. II.

26° Febru

King, of the Expence this would be to the Merchants, his Majesty was graciously pleased to take upon himself the Payment of the Fees for authenticating such Claims in the ("aid Court; of which publick Notice was also given in the Gazette the 23d of and that it would be necessary to have Spanish Translations of all Proofs and Documents annext to the

The laid Commissaries also attended the several Offices of the Secretaries of State, of the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, the Lords Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, and the Directors of the South Sea Company, and had frequent Meetings with the Merchants, and other Persons concerned, to procure the proper Lights and Informations, for the better enabling them to discharge their Trull.

On or about the 23d of , Messieurs Stert and Goddard set out from London to Plymouth, where One of his Majesty's Ships of War was to take them on board, having, before their Departure, acquainted the several Offices before mentioned; and other Persons concerned, with their Design of setting out for and of leaving me behind, to receive the Claims, and bther Papers and Documents, and given me Orders, to use my utmost Endeavours for having every thing dispatched in the most char and authentick Method possible.

By Letter, dated the 27th of August, they inform me, that Three Days before they had received their instructions by a Messenger, and Orders to set out for the Court of Spain without Loss of Time; so that they only

waited the Arrival of the Hefl Man of War, then at PortJmoUth.

By Letter, dated Plymouth, the 27th of,

they advile me, that they should embark that Afternoon.

By Letter, dated from the Bay of the 20th of November, N. S. they advise me of having had a long Passage from Plymouth to Lisbon, and liom thence to that Bay.

On the 25th of November, N. S. they got to Seville-, and upon the 6th ot December, N. S. Mi. Keene and they wrote a circular Lerter to the British Conl'uls in Spain, for an Account of such Grievances as any Merchant in their respective Factories, or other British Traders, might have sustained by Infractions of Treaties subsisting between the Crowns of Great B. and Spain.

By Letter from Seville, of the 2111 of December, N. S. they advise me, that his Catholick Majesty had not yet named Commissaries, but had promised, it should soon be done.

Since the Departure of Mr. Stert and Mr. Goddard from London, I have pursued their Directions in the following Manner:

ill, In getting, from his Grace the Duke of Newcastle's Office, C >pies of all Treaties with from 1667 to

1729, inclusive, certified by a proper Clerk, and me, to have been collated with the Originals. Thele Copies made a large Volume, and hath since been sent from his Grace's Office by a Messenger to the Commissaries at Seville:

2cily, In getting, at the said Office, Copies of several Letters and Papers relating to the Spanish Ships taken by the English in 1718} in the same Manner collated and dispatched to Seville:

3d)y, In getting, pursuant to his Majesty's Orders to the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, Copies of ail Letters and Papers in that Office, relating to the Prizes taken by, or from, the Spani, since the Peace at Utrecht-, which were compared by the proper Clerks, and myself, and certified to be true Copies, and have been in like manner sent from the said Secretary of State's Office to the Commissaries at Seville:

4thly, In attending on the Agents to the Captors of the Spanish Ships taken in 1718, for obtaining from them a full Account thereof, with authentick Vouchers, for settling that Matter; which Account, and Vouchers, have been lent to the Commissaries at Seville from the said Secretary of State's Office, in manner as aforesaid:

V01. 21.

5thly, In attending at DoHors Commons, on his Majesty's Advocate-general, for his Opinion in some Cafes which occurred; in waiting on his Majesty's Procurator-general, and the Examiner in the Court of Admiralty, with several Claimants, for the dispatching their Claims:

6th!y, In attending at the South Sea House, to receive the Company's Demands and Instructions; but the Papers, being very voluminous, were not in Readiness:

7thly, The Lords Commissioners for Trade and Plantations thought it proper to keep exact Copies of all the Claims, for Security of the Claimants, and for maintaining a regular Correspondence with the Commissaries in Spain; and, as the original Claims were to be delivered to me, upon my Receipt, their Lordships Secretary, and I, compared the Copies with the Originals, certifying them to be true Copies:

As Claims were brought in daily, a constant Attendance was requisite: Many of the Claims were very long, and one above 100 Sheets of Paper, being swelled with several Autos in Spanish, and sundry Documents in Italian, French, and other Languages; the Copies whereof, taken at the Office of the Lords Commissioners for Trade, make several large Volumes in Folio:

8thly, In comparing at the Office of the Lords Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, with the Originals there, several Memorials, Letters, and Papers, relating to the Trade to the Canary Islands, and several Places in Spain, &c. Copies whereof were made in Two Books in Folio, one containing 169 Pages, and the other 247 Pages, certified by their Lordships Secretary, and me, to be true Copies.

Upon the 30th of September last I received from the Secretary to the Lords Commissioners for Trade 48 Claims upon 37 Ships; which Claims, with the Two Books before mentioned, were sent by a Messenger from his Grace the Duke of Newcastle's Office to the Commissaries at Seville.

Upon the 16th of januetry last I received from the Secretary to the Lords Commissioners for Trade 54 Claims, 20 of which were upon Four of the said 37 Ships, and the remaining 34 Claims were upon 33 other Snips; which Claims have been in like manner forwarded to the Commissaries at Seville.

Upon the 25th of this instant February I received from the Secretary to the Lords Commissioners for Trade Eight Claims, Three of which were upon Three of the aforesaid Ships, Three upon Three other Ships, and the other Two for Effects and Prov.lions seized; which last mentioned Claims will be speedily conveyed to the said Commissaries at Seville.

London, 26th February, *730.

With humble Submission.

Jcr Crookjhanks Secretary to his Majesty's Commissaries at the Court of Spain.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Colonel Bidden, from the Commissioners for Trade Proceedings and Plantations, presented to the House, pursuant to «f Commifla-their Address to his Majesty, an Ext raft from the r'«onClajms Journals of the Lords Commissioners for Trade and *®un ^ain' Plantations, containing an Account of what hath passed at their Board relating to the Matters referred to the Commissaries appointed by his Majesty to treat with those of the King of Spain, in consequence of the Treaty of Seville, for adjusting the Demands, and Reparations; due to the Merchants of Great Britain.

And the Title of the said Extract was read.

Ordered, That the said Extract do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The said Extract is bound jjp With the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed, that the Prothonotary of Admlffiooiof North Wales attended at the Door, he was called in, and, Attomks.

8 B at

6 50 26° Februarii — i° Mar tii ' 1730.

at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, A Lift of all such Persons, as have been admitted Attorneys and Solicitors of his Majesty's Court of Great Section for the several Counties of Merioneth,

and Angle fey in the Principality of Wales, in pursuance of the Act, passed in the Second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for the better Regulation of Attorneys and Solicito.s; with the Places of their usual Abode, when and where admitted, and by whom, since the last Lift Lid before the House.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Lift was read.

Ordered \That the said Lift do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Lift is bound up with the other Papers of this Section.

Suits Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to

respedhng prevent Suits for Tythes, where none, nor any Compo-^tlcs" fition for the fame, have been paid within a certain Number of Years; and that Sir Gilbert Heathcote, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Glanville, and Mr. Papillon, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

of°Gtat'on Petition of the Gunpowder-makers, and of several powder" Merchants Traders in, and Exporters of, Gunpowder, to divers foreign Parts, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, that for lorne Years past, the Price of Salt-petre in Holland hath been considerably lower, than here, partly occasioned by its not paying any or a very inconsiderable, Duty there; which had led the London 'Merchants to lend their Ships thither for Gunpowder, and hath not only greatly prejudiced the Powder-makers here, but hath in a great measure given the Dutch the whole Trade; and there is a Necessity of encouraging this Manufacture, at home, which is so very material for the De fence of our Trade, and so considerable an Article in Traffick to several Parts, particularly to Africa: And therefore praying the Consideration of the House, and such Relief, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Seven-

night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

God (lone Mr. Pelham presented to the House (according to

Road. Order) a Bill for the more effectual repairing the Road leading from Godstone, in the County of Surrey, to

gate, at the Entrance into Ashdown Forest, in the Parish of East Grinfted, in the County of Sussex; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Supply BUI; Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House L*nd Tax. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-one, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that they had made a further Progress in the Bill, and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ways and Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-Means. night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn- Supply,

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Committs Elections be adjourned- of Privilege.

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Petition WooOw of several Mailers, and Members, of the Company of MauMm. Weavers within the City of Brijand other Petitions relating to the Woollen Manufacture, are referred, have Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 2° die Mar tii;

Anno 40 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1730.

Pravkrs.

A PETITION of several Merchants, Traders, and iiawkert and others, Inhabitants within the City of and IVdlan.

also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Mercers,

Drapers, and other Traders, of the Town and Borough of Leeds, in the County of York;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; praying such Relief as the House shall think fit, against the pernicious and destructive Trade carried on by Hawkers and Pedlars, to the great Diminution of his Majesty's Revenue, and Ruin of the fair Traders and Shopkeepers, who are forced to pay Taxes, and bear Parish Offices, which Hawkers and,

Pedlars escape.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the acting Trustees, whose Names are St.Albaa thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and others, R<uii5-appointed to put in Execution an Act, of the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, of glorious Memory, for repairing the Highways through the several Parishes of St. Michael, St. Albans, St.

Shenley Ridge, and South Mims, in the Councies of Hertford and Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, that the Toll granted by the said Act, and the Moneys borrowed thereupon, have been duly applied to the Amendment of the said Highways, which are never-theless very ruinous, by reason of the excessive Weights and Carriagescontinually drawing thereon; and that there is a Debt of £.1,380. still subsisting, for Moneys borrowed, for repairing the said Highways, which cannot be repaid, and the Highways sufficiently repaired, and so kept, unless the Term granted by the said A cl, be enlarged; And therefore praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term granted by the said Act, or that such other Relief may be given in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examioe the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Grimston, Mr. Campbell, Sir James Campbell, Sir Hum. Monoux, Mr. Heathcote, Mr.

More, Mr. Bernard, Mr. Bancks, Sir fVm. St.

Mr. Clutterbuck, Mr. Alderman Child, Mr. Lowther,

Sir fVm. Stapleton, Mr. Shultleworth, Mr. Sir

Wm. Milner, Sir Or/. Bridgman, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Vernon,

Mr. Bacon, Mr. Bertie, Sir Roger Meredith, Mr.

Mr. Polhi/l, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Mr.

Mr. Lifter, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Bowes, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir Charles Turner, Sir John Mr. Fane,

Sir Edward Stanley, Sir Tho. Aston, Colonel Berkeley,

Mr. Viher, Mr. Scrope, Sir John Norris-, and all the

Members, that serve for the Counties of Middlesex,

j 7

26 Mar

4 Geo. II.

ford, and Bedford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Tower to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Land Tax. The House being informed, that Mr. Chocke, from the Exchequer, attended at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House pursuant to their Order,

An Account of what Money has been paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer upon account of the Land Tax for the Year 1728, distinguishing, what was paid in upon the account of , and what upon the

account of Scotland; and distinguishing also, what was

paid in before the 29th Day of September 1730, and what paid in since that time; and also.

An Account of the Produce of the several Land Taxes

for Ten Years last past, with the Charges offnterest, and other Deductions, which have been made thereout; and also,

An Account of what Money has been paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer upon account of the Malt Tax for the Year 1728, distinguishing what was paid in upon the account of England, and what upon account of Scotland, and distinguishing also, what was paid in before the 29th Day of September 1730, and what paid in since that time.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are as followeth;

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled:

An ACCOUNT of what Money has been paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer upon account of the Land Tax for the Year 1728, distinguishing, what was paid in upon the account of England, and what upon the account of Scotland; and distinguishing also, what was paid in before the 29th Day of September 1730, and what paid in since'that time.

ENGLAND. SCOTLAND. total.

Paid into the Exchequer before 29th September £ d. iC d- £ s. d.

*73° 1,429,549 3 5 29,200 1 >458.749 3 5

Paid into the Exchequer since 29th September 18,122 14 5

1730, to 17th Feb. 1730 - - 14,922 14 5f 3,200

L 1,444,471 17 10* 32,400 1,476,871 17 10*

Exchequer, 2d Day of

March, 1730. Alexander Chocke.

Vol. 21.

To

2° Martii. 7j0i

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled:

Am ACCOUNT of the Produce of the several Land Taxes for Ten Years last pad, with the Charges of Interest

and other Deductions* which have been made thereout.

For the Year 1721.

The Land Tax, at 3 ih. perLibr. for this Year, hath produced into the Exchequer between Lady-day 1721, and the 17th of February 1730, after deducting out of the said Produce £ 3*364- 5 s‘ °i d. to rectify Over-payments, made by the Receivers upon their Account, the Sum of ——

The Interest of the Loans, charged on the said Land Tax, and paid out of £. s. d. the fame, amounts to - -- 68,677 3 10

For the Year 172!.

The Land Tax, at 2lh perLibr. for this Year, hath produced into the Exchequer, betweeen Lady-day 1722, and the 17th of February 1730, the Sum of -

The Interest of the Loans, charged on the said Land Tax, and paid out of s-

the fame, amounts to ----- ----- 64,383 7 4

For the Year 1723.

The Land Tax, at 2lh. per Libr. for this Year, hath produced into the Exchequer, between Lady-day 1723, and the 17th of February 1730, the Sum of - -The Interest on the Loans charged on the said Land Tax, and paid Out of d.

the lame, amounts to-----1-^----- 38,297 11 8

For the Year 1724.

The Land Tax, at 2(h. per Libr. for this Year, hath produced into the Exchequer, between Lady-day 1724, and the 17th of February 1730, after deducting out of the said Produce £.425. iij. 8 d.to rectify Over-payments, made by Receivers upon their Accounts, the Sum of ——

The Interest of the Loans, charged on the said Land Tax, and paid out of £. s. d. the fame, amounts to - -- 35,311 16 —

Few the Year 1725.

The Land Tax, at afh. per Libr. for this Year, hath produced into the Exchequer, between Lady-day 1725, and the 17th of February 1730, after deducting out of the said Produce £.14. 7 s. 10 d.to rectify an Over-payment, made by a Receiver upon his Account* the

Sum of - - - . ——

The Interest of the Loans, Charged on the said Land Tax, and paid out of s. d.

the fame, amounts to ----- --- 40,639 19 5

£s. d.

1 >489*546 3 2t

92I>729 4 11

992>1 % 7 14 9

99°>354 2 rot

9S5*787 7 7

For the Year 1726.

The Land Tax, at 2(h. per Libr. for this Year, hath produced into the Exchequer, between Lady-day 1726, and the 17th of February 1730, after deducting out of the said Produce £- 2,995. iij. i id.to rectify an Over-payment, made by a Receiver upon his Account, the Sum of ----- ----- --- - 964,481 3 3J

The Interest of the Loans, and Circulation of Exchequer Bills, charged on £. d.

the said Land Tax, and paid out of the fame, amounts to - - 35,465

For the Year 1727.

The Land Tax, at 4II1. per Libr. for this Year, hath produced into the Exchequer, between Lady-day 1727, and the 17th of February 1730, after deducting out of the said Produce £. 1,360. to rectify an Over-payment, made by a Receiver upon his Account, the Sum of - 1,980,888 11 gi The Interest of the Loans, and Circulation or Exchequer Bills, charged on £. s. d.

the said Land Tax, and paid out of the lame, amounts to - - "75,786 18 9

For the Year 1728.

The Land Tax, at 3II1. per Libr. for this Year, hath produced into the Exchequer, between Lady-day 1728, and the 17th of February 1730, after deducting out of the said Produce £. 788. 15 j. iof d. to rectify an Over-payment, made by a Receiver upon his Account, the Sum of - -- - -- 1,476,083

The Interest of the Loans, and Circulation of Exchequer Bills, chained on £. t. d.

the said Land Tax, and paid out of the fame, amounts to 37,022 6 3

For the Year 1729.

The Land Tax, at 3Q1. per Libr. for this Year, hath produced into the Exchequer, between

Lady-day 1729, and the 17th of February 1730, the Sum of ----- 1,393,430 to 7

The Interest of the Loans, and Circulation of Exchequer Bills, charged on £. s. d.

the said Land Tax, and paid out of thp fame, amounts to 28,180 3 1

For the Year 1730.

The Land Tax, at 2lh. per Libr. for this Year, hath produced into the Exchequer, between

Lady-day 1730, and the 17th of February 1730, the Sum of - ----- 306,796 10 —

The Interest of the Loans, and Circulation of Exchequer Bilk, charged on . £. s. d. the said Land Tax, and paid out of the fame, amounts to 9>769 8 7

Memorandum: The other Deductions out of the several Land Taxes do not appear at the Receipt of Exchequer; but by several Acts, granting the fame, there is to be allowed, by the Auditors, in passing the Receivers Accounts, the following Deductions; viz. id. per Pound to Receivers:

3 d.per Pound to Collectors:

1 id. per Pound to Commissioners Clerks:

As also Moneys discharged by Certificates from the Barons of the Exchequer, to reduce the double Tax to a single one, in Cafes, were Papists take the Oaths, or their Estates come to Protestants.

And likewise by the Act for Mutiny and Desertion, the Justices of the Peace, by their Warrants, are authorized to charge the Collectors of the Land Tax with the Payment of 20lh. for every Deserter apprehended within their respective Districts or Collections.

Exchequer, 2d Day of Alexander Chocke.

March, 1730.

To

iy

u

I:

4 Geo. II. zb Mar tit. 6$$

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled:

An ACCOUNT of what Money has been' paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer upon account of the Malt Tax for the Year 1728; distinguMhing what was paid in upon the account of England, and what upon I" account of Scotland,; and distingnishing-also, what was paid in before the 2gtli Day of September 1730; and what paid in since that time.

Paid into the Exchequer before 29th September 1730 ——

Paid into the Exchequer Cnee 2igth September 1730, to 17th February 1730 -

Exchequer, 2d Day of £.

March 17 30. =,

ENGLAND. SCOTLAND. TOTAL.

/» s. d. £ s. d. l. s. </.';

551,6S4 14 11,000 — — 562,684 14* 6f?

- 7,300 — - I 7;30o — —

551,684 14 £ =BB 18,300 569,984 14

Alexander

Regulation^ A Petition of the several Merchants, and Traders, of London, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was pre-on' fented to the House, and read; complaining of many Inconveniences in their Trade, by unllilful Persons acting . as Brokers of the said City; which, they conceive, is from

Defects in the Act now in force, relating to Brokers: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making the said Act more effectual, or l'uch other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Co#i-sideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the lloufe:

And it is referred to the Lord Mayor of London,

Sir William Milner, Mr. Mr Sir John

Rushout, Mr. More, S\r J Mr

Mr. Vernon, Sir George Mr. Sir

Justinian Isham, Mr. Booth; Mr. Alderman Barnard,

Air. Bertie, Mr. Alderman Child, Major Compton, Mr.

J Palmer, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Harley,

Mr. Walcot, Mr. Brttnifton Mr. Geers, Mr. Sambreoke, Mr. Haller, Mr. Longttevi Air. Gower, Mr. Lewen, Sir John /Villiams, Sir Charles Wager, Mr. Conduit, Mr.

Cmingham, Mr. Gould, Mr. Pdjullon, Mr. Oglethoipe, Mr. Ntwland, General , Sir Roger Bradjhuigh; and 1 all the Members that serve for the County of Middlefer,

and City of London; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, 1 in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to said for Persons, Papers, and Records.

WooUmMi* A Petition of the Merchants of trading to

: BttU&uxe. Spain and Portugal 1 And also,

A Petition of the Portreve, Mailers, Fullers, Weavers, and principal Inhabitants, of the.apcient Borough of Tavistock, in the County of Devon: And also,

A Petition of the Clothiers, and Woollen Manufac-- turers in the County of Oxon, in behalf of themselves,

and many others of the Woollen Manufactory;

Were severalty presented to the House, and read; complaining of the great Decay of the Woollen Manufacture, and Increase of the Poor, occasioned chiefly by the running of Wool from England, and Wool, and Woollen Goods nianufactured, froni Ireland, into foreign Parts, to the Ruin of our Manufacturers: And praying such Redrels, as to the House shall lleni meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Mailers, and Members, of the Company of Weavers within the City of Bristol, is referred.

eftbrough. A Petition of Richai'd Esquire, Lord of

anlndoiuie. the Manor of ICejlbroughton, in the Parish of Dovebridge,

in the County of Derby, and of George Venables Vernon, Godfrey Clarke, Paul Elers, Esquires, George Buxton, William Ebb, Richard Stubbing, William Bowyer, James Bate, Gentlemen, and George Colcaine, Clerk, and others, Vol. 21.

whole Names are thereunto subscribed, Freeholders within the said Manor, was presented to the House, and read; praying that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Inclosure and Division of the Commons and Waite Grrounds lying in the said Manor and Parish, pursuant to Articles of Agreement for that Purpose, dated the 1 oth Day of September 1730, or in such other Mariner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a' Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Nathanael CtirzOn, Sir Hum.

Mohoux, Mr. Palmer, Mr. lllutworth, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr.- Clutterbiick, Mr. Iducks, Mr. Kerr, Air.

Norris, Lord Alayor of London, Mr. Cross, Mr. Chot-mondiley, Mr. Hard, Mr.- Windham, Mr. Pelham, Mr.

Crowle, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Clark, Mr. Earle, Mr.

Sir Tho. Saunders, Sir John Rushout, Sir William Milner,

Air. Turner, Mr. More, Sir Robert Sutton, Mr. Sandys,

Air. Digby, Sir Thomas Leigh, Lord Morpeth, Mr. Pul-teney, Major Compton, Sir Roger Meredith, Mr. Master, Mr. Conduit, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Hamilton; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Derby,

Stafford and Cpesler: And they are to meet this After-

noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Cham-.-ber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Air. Pelham, of Lewes, presented to the House (accord- Newlaven ing to Order) a Bill for repairing, and keeping in Repair, Harbour, the Pier and Harbour of Netohaven, in the County of Suffer:And the laine was received; and read the Firlttime'.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

' , r ' v

Mr. Leveson Gower presented to the House (according GodolpUin'a to Order) a Bill for naturalizing Maria 'ISat<

phin, Wife of the Right honourable William Godolphin,

Esquire, commonly called' Alarquis of And

the same was received; arid read tliri First tinrfc.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Merchants, and Owners of Ships, Manufacture trading to and from the Port of Liverpool, and others,-, of Sail-cloth.-Makers and Dealers in English Sail-cloth, in and about Liverpool, wa6 presented to the House, arid read; complaining of the great Importation of foreign Sail-cloth, particularly front Russia; which tends to the Rdiri of oui Manufacture* and the very great Increase of the Pobr;-And praying the Consideration of the House, and such Encouragement to this Manufacture, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-, flderation of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Afakers of English Sail-cloth, in behalf of themselves, and'

many Thousands of the Poor of this Kingdom, employed in the making thereof, is referred; and that they do examine the Alatter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

' 8 C A Petition

Dunn

Navigation.

Wick, &c. Inclosure.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Farmers, and Inhabitants, of the ancient Town of Whitby, in the Noctb Riding of the County of York: And also,

A Petition of the>Mayor, Aldermen, Gentlemen, Free-hokierS) Farmers*, and Inhabitants of the Townof Stockton, in the County of Durham: And also*

A Petition Of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Farmers, and Inhabitants, of the ancient Town of Sunderland, in the County of Dm ham: And also*

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen; Gentlemen, Free-holders, Farmers, and Inhabitants, of the ancient Borough of Beverley, ki the East Riding of the County of York; And also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen; Gentlemen, Merchants) Freeholders, Traders, and Inhabitants, of the JFown and County of Kingston upon Hull;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; alleging that the Powers, granted by the Afits, of the 12th and 13th Years of his late Majestys Reign* for improving the Navigation of the River Dunn, in the Wqft Riding of the County of York, have been found to be insufficierct; which Navigation will be of great Benefit to the Publick: And therefore praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for explaining, amending, and altering, the said Acts, and for the better perfecting and maintaining of the Navigation, thereby intended to be made, for the better establishing the Corporations, united for that Purpose, and the Rules and Orders for the good Government of the fame, and for carrying on the said Navigation, and for giving the Petitioners such further Relief, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Undertakers for making the River Dunn, in the West Riding of the County of York, navigable from Holmstile, m Doncaster, up to the utmost Extent of Titf/ky W eft ward, a TownftvipwithinTwo Miles of Sheffield, and also for improving the Navigation of the River Dunn, from a Place called Holmstile, in the Township of Doncaster, in the County of fork, to Witftck House, in the Parish of Barmby Dunn, in the same County, is referred; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the lame, with their Opinion* thereupon, to the House,

A Petition of Thomas Ilqfetwood\ Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Wick Burnell, near Parfhore, in the County of Worcester, and the Owners and Proprietors of the Common Fields, and tmindofed Grounds) lying in Wick and Brickkhampton, within the said Manor, whole Names are thereunto fobfcribedr by behalf of themselves, and other Owners and Proprietors of Lands ki the said Common Fields, and Grounds) was presented to the I Joule, and read; alleging, that the Petitioners have agreed to divide and indole the said Common Fields* and Grounds, and to atsign the reipe&iye Owpers and Proprietors thereof their Shares and JPropjqrt^onss according to their respective Interests there^; a«d that each of them will accept and take such Proportions, as shall be assigned for that Purpose; but, although dierOivision afUd inclosore will tend to the publick Good; yetthis cannot efife&ually be established, to answer the IiHpn^fons of the Perfops interested in the fame* without the A^d of Parliament rr And therefore praying, that Leavorgay be [given tobring.k* a Bill for dividing and inclosing ths Common Fields;and Grounds aforesaid, in fucti manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Rushout, Mr. Stindys, Mrt Digby, Mr. Drax, Mr. More, Colonel Hoarc, Sir Thomas Lee, Lord Morpeth, Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Whitworth, Captain Vernon, Mr. Owen, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Shuttlmortk; Mr. Annejlcy, Sir Nulhanact Citrzon, Sir Roger Meredith, Major Compton,1 Mt. Pullerf Mr. Ed-

A. 1730.

wards, Sir WHTuzm Jtfifoer, Mr. Moore, Mr. Turner,

Mr* Majfar, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Cittvle, Mr. Bertie, Mr.

Plmter, Mt.Ckctzvynd; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Worcester, Gloucester, and Hereford:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber: and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records*

A Petition of the Company of Bakers, in the City of Aflireof London, was presented to the House, and read; praying Brea<1* such Relief, as the House shall think fit, in the Hard-fiiips tli£y Ire under, by reason the Assize of Bread is taken from the Price of Wheat at BearAcey, where Wheat is not lb good as at Queen-kith ¥ at which la ft Place die Flour is much better, but dearer, and the Course of the Trade is- altered* from* dealing, in Wheat to dealing in Flour.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put,

That the said Petition , he referred to the Consideration of a Committee i And that they do examine tlfo Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, { ] >22'

Tellers for the Noes, y^YurkT-1 j , 2g

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table,

A Petition of the Company of Bakers, of the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent: And also,

A Petition of the Bakers, of the Borough of Soutine ark T ki the County of Surrey;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; praying such Relief, as the House shall think fit, in the Hardships they lie under, by reason the Assize of Bread is taken from the Price of Wheat at Bear-key, where Wheat is not lb good as at Queen-kith, at which last Place the Flour is . much better, but dearer, and the Course of the Trade, is altered, from dealing in Wheat to dealing in Flour.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table*. \

A Petition of the Lord of the Manor'of Ftecknoe, and Flecfenoe of the Impropriator, Freeholders, and Proprietors of Ir-dofa*-Lands, in the Common Fields, called Flecknoe, in the County of Warwick, was presented In the House, and read; alleging, that the said Common Fields, are very proper to be inclosed, and divided; and although such Ihclosure and Division will be of great Advantage to the Freeholders, and Owners of the said Common Fields, the same cannot be effectually done, without tire Assistance of an Act of Parliament: And therefore praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing and dividing the said Common Fields into just Allotments and Proportions.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

And it is referred to Mr. Digby> Major Compton, Mr.

Palmer, Mr. Yoj'k, Mr. Waller, Mr. Longueviltd, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Row my, Sir Justinim lsham, Mr. liar* ky, Mr, Walcot, Mr. Drax, Mr. Bramjion, Mr. Sam-brooke, Mr. Earle, Mr. Knight, Mr. Geers, Mr. Wither,

Mr. Nichols, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Alderman Child, Mr. Bertie, Sir Charles Turner, Sir Roger Meredith, Sir William Wyndhatn, Sir James Campbell,

Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Chetwynd, Sir Walter Bagot, Mr. Winnington; and all the Members that lerve for the Counties of Warwick and Northampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons,

Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Trustees, whose Names are Wigan, &c. thereunto subscribed, appointed to put in Execution an Roads.

A&,

3* Martii.

4 Geo.-II. i° Mart6$5

Act;, passed in the 13th Year of his late Majesty's Reign, for repairing, widening, and amending, the Roads from Wigan to P rest on, in the County of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, that it is im-pottibie to raise Money sufficient. by the Tolls already granted, to finish the Repair of the said Roads, without enlarging lbme of the Powers granted by the said Act: And therefore praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Pill for rendering the said Act effectual, by enlarging the Powers thereby granted, in such manner as the House Hi all think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Henry Hoghton, Sir Edward Stanley, Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Ongley, Sir Clobery Aoe//, Lord CoLrain, Mr. Law (on, Mr. iPliinington, Mr. Row-my, Mr. Alderman Child, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Bram ft on, Sir John Rushout, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Brooksbank, Mr. Badge, Mr. Drax, Lord Mat pas, Mr. Cox, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Bertie, Sir Thomas Aston, Mr. Cart-might, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Fane, Lord Morpeth, Mr. Schryn, Mr. Polhill, Mr. Bacon, Mr. A tines* ley. Sir Richard Lane, Mr. Conduit; and all the Members, that lcrve for the Counties of Lancaster and Clnjhr: And they are to inert this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in tire Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Offices and Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to

Employ- indemnity Persons, who have, through Inadvertency, cnl3‘ omitted to qualify themselves for Employments or Offices, by taking the Oaths, and receiving the Sacrament, according to Law, and to enlarge the Time for their doing the fame: And that Mr. Winnington, Mr. Scrape, Mr. Sandys, and Sir Richard Lane, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Worcester A Petition of the Guardians of the Poor of the City

Hop-market, of Worcester was presented to the House, and read;

alleging, that the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens, of Worcester have lately agreed to grant to the Petitioners, and their Successors, for ever, the Liberty and Power of keeping a Hop-market at the Workhouse, and the Tolls and Profits arising therefrom, at the clear yearly Rent of £. 60, reserving to themselves the Power of appointing a Hop-weightr, to attend the Market, the City allowing him £. 20. per Annum: That the settling the Hop-market at the Workhouse will greatly increase the Revenue of the Poor, and prove a general Advantage of the City: And therefore praying, that Leave may be glveh to bring in a Bill for settling and establishing a Hop-market at their Workhouse, and for veiling the fame, and the Tolls and Profits thereof, in the Petitioners; and their Successors, for ever, with such Powers, and under such ltestrictionsj as the House shall think lit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that thtly do exa* inine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Sandys, Mr. Winning ton, Mr. Cox, Sir Bichard Lane, Sir Tho. Sebright, Mr. Fox, Lord A a(Ja it Pozclet, Mr. Peers, Sir Edward Stanley, Lord Morpeth, Mr. Waller, Mr. Bex an, Mr. Bandies, Mr. Drax, Sir James Campbell, Sir Justiman Ijhani, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Withers, Colonel Read, Mr. Edwards, Mr. Bootle, Mr. NortJuy, Sir Roger Meredith, Mr. Selxeyn, Mr. Polhill, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Alderman Child, Mr. ileathcote. Mr. Annejley, Mr. Bramjton, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Lifter, Lord Mayor of London, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Bouses, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Walters, Mr. Clutter buck, Mr. Earle, Sir Nathaniel Curzon, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Fane, Mr. Gould, Mr. Banks, Sir Tho. Aston, Mr. Cartwright, Sir Wm. Milner, Sir John Norris; and alli the Members that lerve for- the County of Worcester:

Vol. 3L

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of tfaac Lacam and Peter Kortcn, was pfe- Lacam'« &c« fented to the House, and read; alleging, that they were Nat* born out of his Majesty's Allegiance, but are ProtcVtants:

And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for their Naturalization.

Ordered, That Iveave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Winnington and Mr. Harris do prepare, and brine in, the lame.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Parish of St John, St. John's, Clerkemocll, in the County of Middlesex, whole Names CWkenvvelJ, are subscribed, was pvefented to the l loufe, and read; S

alleging, that their Church was consecrated in 172}, and, nance, pursuant to Acts of Parliament, became a Parish Church and a District, taken out of the Parish of St. Janies,

Clerkenwell, became and was a Parish allotted thereto:

That the Duty on Coals and Culm, granted by an Act, made in the First Year of his late Majesty's Reign, being appropriated for and towards providing due Maintenance for the Ministers, to officiate in the Fifty new Churches; and the said Parish being very much burthened with Poor, and divine Service having been performed in the said Church ever since its Consecration, and no Proviljon having been yet established for the Rector thereof; the Petitioners therefore pray, that their laid Church, and the Rector thereof, may be endowed by and out of the parliamentary Fund, or by such Ways and Means, and in such manner, as to the House shall feeni meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Child, Mr. Digby,

Major Compton, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Sir John Williams, Mr. Moore, Mr.

Ward, Lord Colerain, Lord Mayor of London, Mr.

Cox, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Allington, Mr. Gape, Mr. Geers,

Mr. Harley, Sir Tho. Read, Mr. Cartwright, Colonel llcail, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Polhill,

Mr. Pelham, Mr. Annejley, Mr. Brainfton, Mr. Drtxve,

Sir Robert Abdcy, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Vernon, Mr.

Walter, Mr. Glut ter buck, Mr. Earle, Sir Nathanael Cw'zon, Mr. Turner, Sir John Rushout, Mr Fane, Mr.

Ileathcote, Mr. Gold, Mr. Banks, Sir Edward Stanley,

Sir Tho. Aston, Mr. Cartwright, Sir Wm: Milner,

Mr. Norris, Sir Edmund Bacon, Colonel Berkeley,

Mr. Viner; and all the Members that serve for the County of Middlesex, and the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber;, and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Gentlemen; Freeholders, and Fulham and others, living ill,-and near, and travelling through, the Hammer-Road, called Fulham Fields, leading through the Towns ^ml Roa of Hammcrftnith and Fulham, in the County of Middlesex, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, that1 the said Road is, by reason of the many heavy Carriages patting through the lame, in the Winter Seaion become in many Places irripattable, and cannot be effectually amended attd repaired, without feme further Provision be made for that Purpose: And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a BH1 for amending and repairing the said Road;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Cotntnittee: And they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to thferty to the House k

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Child, Mr. Bertie9 Sir GhaHes Wager, Sir Natkontid Cnrztoi, Lord Mayor

3° Martii

Recovery of Debts due from America.

Gravesend

Churtb*

Regulation of Pilots, &c.

A. 1730.

of-London, Mr Campbell, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Ailing ton, A Petition of the Bailiffs, Coroners, Coofcrvators of the Sarborw

Mr. Geers, Mr. Finer, Mr. Branston, Mr. Moore, Mr. Piers, Common. Councilmen, 'l'ruftees House, Hwbour.

Selwin, Lord Colerain, Mr Ccefar, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mailers and Owners of Ships, and oilier Inhabitants, of Mr. Norris, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Mr. Dockminique, the Corporation of Scarborough, in the County of York',

Colonel Bladen, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Tilfon, Mr. Conduit, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, that the Mr. Martin, Sir Roger Meredith, Mr. Polhill, Mr. Pel- Port of Scarborough is the only Place capable of ro ham, Lord Morpeth, Mr. Ilcathcotc, Mr. Anne/tey, ceiving Ships in Ditircfs of Weather, between NewcaftU

Mr. Ljjler, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Vernon, Mr. IFalters, and Humber, and many Ships are annually laved by the Mr. Clutterbuck, Mr. Earle, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Piers there: And therefore, for the more effectual Se-Fane, Mr. Gold; and all the Members that serve for curity of all Ships trading on the said Coast, the Peii-the Counties of Middlesex and Surry: And they are to tioners pray, that Leave nifty be given to bring in a Bill meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's for an Enlargement of the said Peers, so as to receive Chamber; and have Power to lend for Ferlbns, Papers, Ships of the greatest Burthen in the said Trade at neap and Records. Tides.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Mailer, Wardens, Assistants, and Commonalty, of the Society of Merchant-adventurers A Petition of the under-written Freeholders, in behalf St.Philipwd within the City of Bristol, under their Common Seal, was of themselves, and other Inhabitants, of the Parish of Jac°b>wwk-presented to the House, and read; alleging, that they, St. Philip anil Jacob, in the County of Gloucester, was pic- 0 *' being Traders to the British Colonies and Plantations lit fented to the House, and read; alleging, that the said America, are under very great Difficulties in obtaining Parish being contiguous to the City ol has oc-

their Debts, for want of a more effectual Method for the cafioned a great Resort of Weavers, and other Manu-Recovery thereof, and subject to great Discouragement farmers, to the fame, and is become very populous, con-in carrying on their Trade, by reason of the Duties and taining, by Estimation, more than Fifteen thousand Inlia-Impositions, which are laid by Afletnblies, without any bitaots, most of whom, by Decay of Trade, and other previous Notice, on the Trade and Navigation of this Misfortunes, are reduced to great Poverty, infoinuch that Kingdom: And praying the Consideration of the House, the Parish Rates, for Relief of the Poor, are of late much and such Relief, as shall be thought fit. advanced, and likely to increase to such a Degree, as to

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the become very burthensome; And therefore praying, that Table. Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for erecting, or

purchasing, a Workhouse, and to establish a Corpora-A Petition of the Mayor, Jurats, Common Council, tion, for the Government of the same Wofldioufe, and and the Minister, Churchwardens, and principal Inha- better Maintenance and Employment of such Poor within bitants, of the Town Corporate of Grctcejindand Milton, the said Parish, as shall need Relief, in the County of Kent, was presented to the House, and Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the read; alleging, that the Church of the said Town was Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine in Augijl 1727, burnt down and destroyed, together the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as k shall ap-with ahnoft the wh^le Town, the Loss amounting to pear to them, to the House:

£. 21,232. and upwards, exclusive of all Insurances, And it is referred to Sir Sir

which has reduced the said Town to so low Circum- nefe, Sir Roger Meredith, Mr. SJxcyn, Mr. Polhill, fiances, that they cannot rebuild the said Church, without Mr. Pelham, Mr. Alderman Lord

feme other AfiKtance: And, in regard the Petitioners Mr. Alderman Barnard, Mr. Ilcathcotc, Mr. are included in the Port of London, and always paid the Mr. Mr. Bertie, Mr. Lifter, Lord Mayor of

Coal Duty, to the Amount of above £. 300. per Annum, London, Mr. Mr. Bacon, Mr. Bowes, Mr.

they pray, that Provision may be made for rebuilding non, Mr. Mr. Sir Ah-,

the said Church, out of the Fund, appropriated for thana Sir John building Fifty new Churches, or that such other Relief Mr. Mr. Gouhl, Mr. Battles, Sir Edward Stanley,

may be given, as the House shall think fit. Sir Thomas Mr. Cart~cright, Sir

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table. Lord Sir John Norris, Sir Edmund

Bacon, Colonel Berkeley, . Mr. Mr. Scrape,

A Petition of the licensed and warranted Pilots of the Mr. Campbell, Sir Janus Campbell, Mr. Hamilton,

Trinity llouj'eof Deptford St rond, whole Names arc there- Sir and all the Members that l'erve for the

unto iiiblcnbed, in behalf of themselves, and the others. Counties of Gloucester, , and

licensed and warranted Pilots thereunto belonging, was And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the presented to the House, and read, complaining of great Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to Inconveniences, arising from ignorant and unskilful Per- lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ions, and Foreigners, taking upon them to pilot Ships and

Vessels up and down the River Thames, to and from the A Petition of Thdtpm Ojtland, Richard Stedman, d*ob'P* Downs, Orfordness, and other Places, contrary to the Thomas Noakcs, John Lovelock, Nathanael Constitution of the Society or Fellowship of Pilots of die Prisoners in his Majesty's Prison of the Fleet, London, in Trinity House of Deptford St rond, where all such Pilots behalf of themselves and many others in the like Cafe, ougiit to be examined as to their Abilities, and be regu- was presented to the House, and read; alleging, that the larly admitted; And praying that Leave may be given Petitioners have been declared Bankrupts, and several of to bring in a Bill for preventing Persons from piloting them have surrendered themselves 'to the Coipnniffioiiers,

Ships and Vessels down die River Thames, who Iliad not pursuant to Notice, and duly and truly delivered up all have passed an Examination, touching their Abilities in their Estate and Etfcfts, towards Satisfaction of their Pilotage, by some experienced and ikilfol Men, and for Creditors, and Dividends have been made thereupon; establishing a certain Number of licensed Pilots, and afeer- notwithstanding which, some, of them have been arrested tabling their Demands for piloting Ships down the said by foine of their Creditors for their whole Debt, and are.

River, in the like manner, as prescribed in an Act, of continued dole Prisoners, in a miserable and starving the Third Year of his late Majesty's Reign, for better Condition, and are like, lb to remain, without the Aid ol regulating of Pilots, for the conducting erf Ships and Parliament: That others of the Petitioners have been Vessels from Dover, Deal, and the Isle of Thanet, up: arrested, and confined close Prisoners, who have not yet the Rivers of Thamesand Medway, or otherwise, and delivered up their Eft'efts, though Statutes of Bankruptcy also for obliging foreign Ships to pay Pilotage, in such have been taken out against them, but are willing and manner as the House shall think fit,. ready so to do, provided- they can be discharged: And

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, praying*, that the House will coinmiferate their unhappy.

5 Cafe,

Dunn

Navigation

Widows of

HaJ&pajr

Officers.

Cal! ofths House.

Spanish Depredations on American Trade.

4 Geo. II. 20- — 3°

Cafe, and grant them such Relief as shall be thought meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the several Traders, Mariners, and Sailors, of the Towns of York, Newcajlte Tyne, Sunderland, Stockton, and Whitby, whole Hands are thereunto l'ub-feribed, was presented to the House, and read; praying, That in any Bill, which shall be brought in, for amending the Acts for improving the Navigation of the River Dunn, in the West Riding of the County of York, Power may be given to take away the Two lower Bridges, lying next to the River Otize, which are of little or no Use to the Country; and that the other Bridge, commonly called the New Bridge, over which the high Road lies, may be made lo convenient, that all Vessels, trading upon the said River; may, without Difficulty or Hazard, pass the lame, both, for the Safety of the Petitioners Lives and Vessels, and the Security of all Water-borne Goods, in such Manner as to the House thall feein meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to tire Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the» Undertakers for making the River Dunn, in the West Riding of the County of York, navigable from,

in Doncasler, up to the utmost Extent of Welt-

ward, a Township within Two Miles of and also

for improving the Navigation of the River Dunn, from a Place called I John flit c,in the Tounlbip of Doncasler, in the County of York, to H'ilfick House, in the Parish of Bai'mhy Dunn, in the same County, is referred; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Mr. Secretary at War acquainted the House, That he had received his M a jetty's Commands to lay before this House, a List of the Widow's of such reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, u'ho died upon the Establishment of Half-pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the 25th Day of December 1716; with an Ultimate of the Charge thereof, for the Year 1731.

And Mr. Secretary at War presented the said Lift to the House accordingly.

And the T itle thereof was read.

Ordered, That the said Lilt do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Lilt is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The Orders of the Day being read;

The Names of the Members who made Default, and were not excused, upon the Call of the I Ioule, but were ordered to attend the House this Day, were called over; and feme of them appeared, and the rest were excused, either upon account of Ulncfs, or extraordinary Occasions in the Country.

The Order being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of the Merchants, and others, of the City of Bristol, trading to and from his Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in America-, and also the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and others, Merchants, trading from the Port of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to his Majesty's Colonies in the West Indies;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the House do, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petitions, and nothing to intervene;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, [ Goers':

Tellers for the Noes, {

So it passed in the Negative.

Vol. 21.

Martii.

Rcfohed, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petitions;

Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned till Call of the" this Day Fortnight. ou e‘

The Order being read, for the House to resolve itself Punching into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for pun idling Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair.

The I louse divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for he Yeas, £ "Sf Tellers for the Noes, f b"Jo'‘.n

' £ Mr. lor

} 75.

94-

ortejeue:

So it passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question l>eing put, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Cl a use, to limit the Time for Soldiers being obliged to serve in the Army;

The House divided.

The Yeas, go forth.

Tellers for tile Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,

So it wasrefolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the laid Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 30 die

Anno 4* Georgii 21,1 Regis, 1730.

Prayers.

Jl/TARIA Catherina Godolphin, commonly called

Marchioness of Bland ford, took the Oaths appointed, in order to her Naturalization.

Colonel Reade presented to the House (according to Preftbury Order) a Bill for exchanging, dividing, and inclosing, the Inclosure-Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Common Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Preftbury, in the County of 67 oucester:And the same was received; and

read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Colonel Middleton reported from the Committee, to Aberdeen whom the Petition of the Provost, Baillics, and Council, Town Debts, of the Tow n of Aberdeen, in behalf of themselves, and of the Community thereof, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the I louse; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

That the Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, have examined the Matter of the said Petition; and to prove the Allegations thereof,

A Copy of an Act, passed in the Parliament of Scotland, in the Year 1695, was laid before the Committee; whereby it appeared, that a Duty or Imposition of Two Penies Scots, w as laid on every Pint of Ale, brewed and vended there, and likewise upon Goods and Merchandizes, to enable them tp pay off Debts, and make good the Losses they fultaiired after the Resolution; which Act was to have Continuance for 13 Years:

And a Copy of another Act, passed in the same Parliament, in 1707, for continuing the said Duties and

8 D Impositiona

65 8

3° Martii.

A. 1730.

Impositions for the further Term of 25 Years, which is County of was presented to the House, and near expiring. read; complaining of the great Decay of the Woollen

Then Mr. Thomas Morrison was called; who laid, That Manufacture, and Increase of the Poor, occasioned chiefly the Produce of the Duties and Impositions, lb granted, and by the running of Wool, and Woollen Goods, from

continued, had been duly applied, but the same have not been sufficient to pay off the Debts of the Town standing out, which were considerable; and that the annual Payments, and other unavoidable Expences, of the Town, exceed the Yearly Revenue thereof; and that, unless the

land into foreign Parts, to the Ruin of our Manufactures: And praying such Redress, as to the Iioule thall lean meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Matters, and

Duties and Impositions are continued for a longer Term, Members, of the Company of Weavers within the City of the Debts will greatly increase. is referred.

And being examined as to the Condition of the Church,

he laid, That the Church, called the old Church, is become lb ruinous, that the Inhabitants are afraid to assemble therein; and that it will require a considerable Sum of Money to put the same into Repair.

That he further gave Evidence, that a very considerable Trade is carried on at Aberdeen, by exporting the Manufactures of the Country: That there is a good Port and Harbour, and, whillt the Pier, which is on the South Side

The House being moved, That that Part of the Act, Children of made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of the late Queen naturai-lxm Anne, intituled, "An Act for naturalizing foreign Protestants," which is now in Force, might be read;

The same w as read accordingly.

Ordered, That Ixave be given to bring in a Bill to explain a Clause in an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for naturalizing foreign Protestants, which relates to the Children of the natural-born Subjects of this Realm; and that Mr. Bromley

thereof, continued good, it was a Safeguard to Ships of great Burthens, and the best Harbour upon all the Coalt from Montrose to Cromartie, which is above 80 Miles; and Mr. do prepare, and bring in, the lame,

but by Storms, and other Accidents, the said Pier is very much decayed, and, if the same is not soon repaired, the Harbour will be loft.

And being asked as to the Necessity of having a Pier upon the North Side of the Harbour, he said, That, for want of such a Pier, Ships have been driven from their

Mr. Inwin reported from the Committee, to whom ciaridge'j the Bill for enabling Richard C/Gentleman, and Name, his Issue, to take and ule the Surname of Turner, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and

Anchors, and loft; and Merchants are at great Expences had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report in loading and unloading their Goods by Lighters; all the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he which might be prevented, if another Pier was built on A u:n '* ‘u"

the North Side of the Harbour.

And he also said, That the publick Works of the Town have been kept in as good Repair, as the Money, arising by the Duties, w ould allow of.

That an Account of the Moneys received by the Duties, granted and continued by the former Acts of Parliament, was laid before the Committee; whereby it appeared, that

delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's 'Fable.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

A Bill so naturalize Mary Anne de la Fontaine, was Fontaine'* read a Second time. Nat.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. More,

Mr. Bacon, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Edwards, Sir Cttrzon, Mr. Lads, Mr. Bramjion, Mr. Vernon, Mr.

the same had been duly applied, according to the Direc- , Mr. Campbell, Mr. Mr. Geers, Mr.

tions of the said Acts. Roberts, Mr. OnAcy, jlr. Mr. Norris, Mr.

And that Provision maybe made, to payoff the Debts Conduit t, Mr. Mr. Sheppard, Mr.

Already due, and for repairing the Pier on the South Side Mr Sir James Campbell, Mr. Yorke, Mr.

of the Harbour, and a new one built on the North Side, Lowers, Mr. Mr. Mr. Philips, Mr.

and the great Church repaired, and so kept; and that Mr. Baron Birch, Mr. // kite, Mr. Gregory,

the Town-house may be rebuilt, and made convenient ^r- , Mr. Mr. Heathcote, Mr.

for the Courts of Justice, Records, and other publick Sir

Uses, the Inhabitants of the Town are delirous, the Duties, *r Mr. If ard, Mr. Sir

which were granted, may be continued for a longer Mr. Carr, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Inwin, Mr. Rolle,

Term. Mr. And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

further continuing the Duties, granted by an Act, passed in the Parliament of Scotland, in the Year 1C95, and continued by an Act, passed in the Year 1707, for paying off the Debts of the Town of Aberdeen, and for other

A Motion w'as made, and the Question being put, That Members a Committee be appointed to enquire, w hether any of the NwtgPei-Members of this House have, direCHy or indirectly, any fiDns'ic'

publick Uses of the said Town: And that Colonel Mid- Pens, ons during Pleasure, or for any Number of Years, dlcton, and Sir Archibald Grant, do prepare, and bring ?r any °ffi?es 1t,om, thf Crown> holden 111 1 rult lor d,em»

117 ® in r>nrt nr in thn ivhnln

Ilfordcombe

Harbour.

Woollen

iti, the fame.

A Bill for repairing and keeping in Repair, the Pier and Harbour of Ilfordcombe, in the County of Devon-, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Rolle, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr Conduit t, Mr. Scropc, Sir Edward Dejbouxerie, Mr Fortcfcuc, Mr, Sir

Stanley, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Chajin, Sir St. Aubin, Sir James Campbell, Sir Walter llagot, Mr.

Mr. Edwards, Mr. Lijle, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Mr.

Walcot, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Plummer, Sir Charles Turner; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Devon, Cornwall, Somerset, Gloucester, and Wilts: And they are

to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Viander, Freeholders, and other the

in part, or in the whole; The House divided. The Yeas go forth.

C Sir William Wyndham, ( Mr.

f Mr. Pelham,

\ Mr. Hen. Bromley: So it passed in the Negative.

Tellers for the Yeas, Tellers for the Noes,

j»43-

j 206.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House w ill, upon Monday Morning Supply Bill; next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Landlu. to consider further of the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven huniiFed and Thirty-one.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Supply, next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

Manufacture. principal Inhabitants of the Borough of Netvport, in the to consider further of the Supply granted to Jus

u

-C

4 Geo. II. 3° — 4°

unifliing Resolved, That this Ilouie will, upon Friday Morn-kj. Mutiny and next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Desert‘0D' House, upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army, and their !1|k Quarters.

<[ Committees. Ordered That all Committees be revived.

C‘ Committee Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec- of Privileges, tions be adjourned.

: And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovify 4.0 die Martii\

1 Anno 4" Georgii IP1 Regis, 1730.

' Prayers.

; Briitoi OIK JVUliamWyndham reported from the Committee, Roads. O to whom the Petition of the underwritten Trustees, authorized by an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act for amending the " several Roads leading from the City of was

referred; That the Committee lmd examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; anti he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth ;viz.

That the Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, bearing Date the 1 nth Instant, proceeded to take into Consideration the Matter of the said

r Petition.

And the Petitioners, to make good the Allegations of the said Petition, laid before the the said Act,

of the 13th Year of his late Majesty; whereby it appeared, that the Trustees, named in the said Act, have no Power to subdivide themselves, or to apply the Profits, arising on each Road separately, to the Repairs thereof.

Pei a' Day, Esquire, being examined, laid, That several Inconveniences, and Doubts, have arilen, in putting the said Act in Execution; and that the Trustees have not been able to borrow any Money on the Credit of the Toll, granted by the said Act; by which Means the said Roads are run very much to Decay; and that the same cannot be amended, and kept in Repair, without foine further Provision be made for that Purpose.

Mr. William H ood, and Roger Grant, being examined, laid. That the said Roads are in a very ruinous and bad Condition, and in many Places almost impallkble in the Winter Season; and that the same cannot be amended, and kept in Repair, as the Law' now bands.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Rill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for n amending the several Iloads leading from the City of " Brtfloland that Sir Win. Mr. Scrope, and Sir Abraham Elton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Lawton, tic. Mr. Cholmondeleyreported from the Committee, to w whom the Petition of several of the Gentlemen, and Freeholders, of the County Palatine of was referred;

That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed; vie.

That the Committee proceeded to examine the Matter of the said Petition, and, to prove the Allegations of the linne, called Mr. Robert harbor \who, being examined, find. That the Road, leading from the most Southern Part of Butt Lane, in the Parish of Lawton, and from thence to the upper End of Cranage Lane leading from Cranage Bridge Vol. 91

Martii. 659

to Rud Heath, is in a very bad and ruinous Condition; and, although the Inhabitants have-constantly done their Statute-work, yet the same hath not been sufficient to keep the said Road in Repair.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing the Roads leading from Lawton Gate, in Lawton, in the County Palatine of Chester, to the Township of Al in the said County, is committed; that they do make Provision in the said Bill, for repairing the Road from the most Southern Part of Butt Lane, in the said County, to Lawton Gate aforesaid.

Mr. John Drummond reported fresh the Committee, to Dundee whom the Petition of the Provost, Baillies, and Town Town and Council, of the Burgh of Dundee, under the Common Seal harbour, of the said Burgh, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

That the Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, have examined the Matter of the said Petition; and, to prove the Allegations thereof'

A Copy of an Act passed in the Parliament of Scotland, in the Year 1707, was laid before the Committee; whereby it appeared, that a Duty or Imposition of Two Peuies Scots was laid on every Pint of Ale, brewed and vended there, to enable them to pay off their Debts, which Act was to continue 24 Years, which said Act expires the 25th of March instant.

Then Mr. Patrick Grimes w as called; who said. That the Produce of the Duties and Impositions, so granted, and continued, had been duly applied; but the same have not been sufficient to pay off the Debts of the Town handing out, which were considerable; and that the annua) Payments, and other unavoidable Expences, of the Town, exceed the yearly Revenue thereof; and that, un-leis the Duty and Impositions are continued for a longer Term, the Debts will greatly increase.

And he further laid, That the Town-house, and Prisons, belonging to the said Town, were in lb ruinous a Condition, that there was Nertlfity to pull the same down, and the rebuilding w hereof will be a great Expence.

Mr. John Cranford, and Mr. Joseph Fakeney, being severally examined, said, That the Harbour of the said Tow n, when it w as in Repair, a large Trade was carried on, and Ships of large Burthens might enter the fame; but, being now choaked up, Ships cannot fail in or out hut at high Tides; neither can they lie there with Safety, the Piers of the said Harbour, and other Works belonging thereto, being in such a ruinous Condition.

A/id they further said, That the Town-house, and Pri-lons, the Harbour, Piers, and other publick Works, of the said Town, cannot be repaired, nor can Matters be provided, for inltructing Youth, unless the Term, formerly granted, be enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Duty on Ale and Beer, granted to the Mugiltrates and Town Council of the Burgh of by an Act, passed in the Parliament of ,in the

Year 1707, for Payment of the Debts of the said Burgh, and other pubiicfc Uses: And that Mr. John Drummond, and Mr. Forbes, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Gilbert Heathcote presented to the House (accord- reacting to Older) a Bill to prevent Suits for Tythes, where *n8 none, nor any Composition for the fame, have been paid within a certain Number of Years: And the same was received; and read the First time.

RtJ'olved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be printed.

A Petition of the Mayor, Jurats, and Commonalty, of Hawkers and the Town and Port of Hythe, in the County of in e art-

o behalf

66 o 4° — 5° Mar til. A. 1730*

behalf of them (elves, and others, Traders of the said Town: And also;

Hawkers and j\ Petition of die Mayor, Magistrates, Conunon-PeUl*t*. council, and other 'trading Inhabitants, of the Borough of Plymouth, in the Couanty of Devon;

W ere severally presented to the Houfo, and read; praying facii Relief, as the Horde limit think fit, against the pernicious and defirnftive I rade, carried on by Hankers and Pedlars, to the great Ui-minution of his Majesty's Revenue, and Ruin of the fair Traders and Shopkeepers, who are lorccd to pay Taxes, and bear Pariflt Offices, which Hawkers and Pedlars chcape.

Ordered, That the said Petitions do lie upon the Table.

Officers of the Ordered, That Lists of the several Officers, and their Courts in Deputies, belonging to the Courts in Hall,

Ha'ifT'lier a Table of the several Fees claimed by them, be

laid before this House.

Glonceder Mr. Geerspresented to the House (according to Order) Roads. a LIII for repairing the several Roads leading from Chapp-.t on the Heath, in the County of to the

Quarry above Bourtonon the Hill, and from Bridge, and St ret ton Heath, to the upper End of Broad-ti'c/l Wall, in the county of : And the fame

was received, and read the First time.

Rcjlilred, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Language of Sir George Saville presented to the House (according to Order) a Bill, that all Proceedings in Courts of Justice shall be in the English Language: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be printed.

God it one A Bill for the more effectual repairing the Road lead-

*oat*‘ ing from Godstone, in the County of Surrey, to Highgate, a:t the Entrance into Ashdtrwn Forest, in the Parish of East Grafted, in the County of , Suffer; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pelham, Sir Wm. Yonge, Mr AldinMr. Walpole, Sir Natha-

nael C'arson, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Hamilton, Sir Geo. Saville, Mr. Annejley, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Clayton, Mr.

Scrope, Mr. Tilfon, Mr. Nichols, Mr. Cluttcrbuck, Mr. York, Mr Grant, Lord Sir John Williams,

Mr.Waller, Mr Conduit, Lord Mr. Campbell,

Sir Oil. Bridgman, Major Compton, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Vaughan, Sir I Valter Bagot, Mr. Hales, Mr. Harley, Mr. Pturner. Sir James Pelham, Mr. Pelham junior, Air. 0,:gl<y, Mr. Bertie; and all the Alembers that serve for the Counties of Sussex, Surrey, Kent, and the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Admifliops of The House being informed, that the Prothonotary Anomies, of the County Palatine of attended at the Door;

he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, a List of all such Persons, as have been admitted Attorneys of his Majesty's Courts of Great Sessions for the Counties of and Flint, in pursuance of the Act, passed in the Second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for the better Regulation of Attorneys and Solicitors, with the Places of their usual Abode, when and where admitted, and by whom, since the last Lift laid before the House.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Lift do lie upon the Table, to he perilled by the Alembers of the House.

The laid Lilt is bound up with the other Papers of this Setiion.

Woollen A Petition of the Mayor and Commonalty, and Clo-Manufacture. thiers, of the City of New Sarum, in behalf of them-lelves, and many hundred poor Families, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of the great Decay of the Woollen Manufactures, and Increase of their Poor,

occasioned chiefly by the running of Wool from this Kingdom, and Wool and Woollen Goods horn Ircla. d, to foreign Parts: And praying, that the same may be prevented, and the Duty taken oft from Woollen and Bay Yarn, imported from Ireland, or liieli'other Relief, as the House shall think lit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Matters, and Alembers, of the Company of Weavers within the City of Bristol, is referred.

A Afotion was made, and the Question being put, Tnoflinoj That I cave be given to bring in a Bill to prevent Translations of Bishops;

It passed in the Negative.

The I louse (according to Order) resolved itself into a Spaoilt Dc-Committee of the whole House, to ceniider of the Petition of the Alcrchants, and others, of the City of Bristol, Trade"* trading to and from his Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in America', and also the Petition of the Alayor, Aldermen, and others, Merchants, trading from the Port of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of to his Majesty's Colonies in the West Indies.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Scrope took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker returned the Chair.

Air. Scrope reported from the Committee, That the Committee had directed him to move the House, that the Petitioners, if they think fit, may he heard before the said Committee.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That it he an Infiruftion to the said Committee, that they do hear the Petitioners, if they think fit.

Air. Scrope also acquainted the House, That lie was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will immediately resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petitions.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Scrope took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker returned the Chair.

Air. Scrope reported from the Committee, That they had made tome Progress in the Alatters to them referred; and that the Committee had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Petition of the Merchants, and others, of the City of Bristol, trading to and from his Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in America, and also the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and others, Merchants, trading from the Port of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Chester, to his Majesty's Colonies in the West Indies.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Alorning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 50 dieMarlii;

Anno 40 Georgii 2dl Regis, 1730.

PbA YEltS.

ORDERED, That Air. Wyndham be added to the Bristol Gentlemen, who are appointed to bring in a Bill to k°*<k explain and amend an Act, passed in to: Thirteenth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intitul||q ,f An Act for " amending the several Roads, leading from the City of " Brftoir

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this Dutiao# House, An Account of the net Produce into the Exchequer, for Three Years last past, of the additional "m* c'

Duties

Gho. II.

Martii.

66

hid upon Persons, to prevent the Carriage of excessive

Weights.

The Witnesses, being further examined, said, that the Materials are very indifferent, and not proper for

i; . K.'

Duties on damped Vellum, Parchment* and Paper, which by an Act, of the 9th and 10th Years of King William the Third, was, amongst other Things, charged with the yearly Fund of 160,000. payable to the united . _

Company of Merchants of England trading to the East repairing the Hoads; and that the Inhabitants of most of Indies, distinguishing each Year, as also, what hath been the Parishes through which the said Roads lead, have charged upon the said additional Stamp Duties, and paid constantly done their Statute-work, out of the lame, since the 25th Day of March 1730. And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee

came to the following Resolutions viz.

Ordered, That the proper Officers do lay before this That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

House, a List of the Ships or Vessels, together with an That the Petitioners have fully proved the Allegations*

Ships entered inwards and

New York"1 ^nvo^ce or Manifestof their Cargoes, which were entered Sec.

Exports to New York, &c.

contained in the said Petition.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee* That the excessive Weights, carried, during the Winter Season, on the said Roads, have been the Occasion of their being lately so very much out of Repair; and that

to

CUric?gc*3

Naipe-

Lacan)'*, Sec. Nar.

inwards and outwards in the Provinces of New York and Penjilvania, and from and to what Ports or Places in Europe and America, for the Years 1715 and 1716, 1720 and 1721, 1728 and 1729.

Ordered, That the proper Officers do lay before this proper Restrictions ought to be laid upon Persons,

House, the Amount of the Value of the Exports from this prevent such Carriages for the future.

Kingdom to the Provinces of New York and Penjilvania, The last Resolution, being read a Second time; was* for the Years 1708 and 1709, 1715 and 1716,1720 and upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the 1721, 1728 and 1729, distinguishing each Year, and, House.

particularly, what was the Amount, in each Year, of Ordered, That Leave be given, to bring in a Bill to the Woollen Manufacture exported to those Provinces prevent the carrying excessive Weights upon the publick from this Kingdom. Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England', and

that Sir Thomas Saunders , Sir John HyndeCotton,

An ingrossed Bill for enabling Richard Claridge, and Mr. do prepare, and bring in, the fame;

Gentleman, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname

of Turner, was read the Third time. Mr. Bromley presented to the House (according to Children of

Resolved, That the Bill do p afs; and that the Title be, Order) a Bill to explain a Clause in an Act, made in the natural-born An Act for enabling Richard Claridge, Gentleman, and Seventh Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Subiefls-his Issue, to take and use the Surname of Turner. Aunt, for naturalizing foreign Protestants, which relates

the Bill to the to the Children of natural-born Subjects of this Realm;

and the same was received, and read the First time.

Refo, That the Bill be read a Second time;

Ordered, That Mr. Inwen do carry Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Winnington presented to the House (according to Order) a Bill for naturalizing Ifaatn and Peter

Korten; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Leave of

A b fence.

Regularing Weight* of Carriage.

Ordered, That John Weaver, Esquire, have Leave to go into the Country, for recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That the Order for the House to refblve itself Spanish into a Committee of the whole House, to consider far- Depredation* ther of the Petition of the Merchants, and others, of the Sir Thomas Saunders Sebright reported from the Com- City of trading to his Majesty's Colonies and

mittee to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees, Plantations in America, and also the Petition of the on behalf of themselves and the other Trustees, named Mayor, Aldermen, and others, Merchants, trading from and appointed in and by virtue of an Act of Parliament, the Port of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty to his Majesty's Colonies in the West Indies, be now read*

King George the First, intituled, "An Act for repairing And the said Order being read accordingly;

the Roads from Stevenage, in the County of Hertford, Ordered, That the Petitioners, if they think fit, be further heard before the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itfelfinto the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Scrope took the Chair of the Committee.

M. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Scrope reported from the Committee, that the Committee had heard the Petitioners, and examined several Witnesses; and had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, and also to make a Motion to the House, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday

u to Biggie,[wade, in the County of Bedford," whose

Names are thereunto subscribed, and also of others, who have advanced Moneys upon the Credit of the said Act, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; that the Committee bad examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, together with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; where the Report and Resolutions were read; and are as followeth; viz.

That the Committee, pursuant ro the Order of the

House, of the Eighth of February last, have taken Morning next,

into Consideration the said Petition. The other Orders of the Day being read;

And \\r.Wm.Aftell, James Menafon, Surveyor, and Mr. That this House will, upon Wednesday

John Page, being examined, fold, that the Trustees, ap- Mor';og nexf> resolve jtfe)f into a Committee of the pointed to put the said Act in Ex ecuit ion, have borrowed, wj,0je to consider further of Ways and Means for

upon the Credit of the roil of the said Turnp.ke, the Sum raisi the Supply granted to his Majesty. of Six thousand Pounds, which still remains unpaid; and RThat this House will, upon that the said Roads from Stevenage to Btgglefwadehave Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the been in a very bad and ruinous Condition ever since the wj)0je House, to consider further of the Supply granted Winter before last; and that the Trustees were obliged tQ his Majesty.

to lay out f. 8co. this Year in the Repairs thereof Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mortt-

The Witnesses laid, that the heavy Loads of Corn, ing next> itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

Privileges and Commune of

And

Malt, and other Grain, often carried on the said Roads, have been the chief Cause of their being so bad; and that the Roads cannot be amended, and kept in sufficient Repair, by the Duties arising at present from the Toll, or the Moneys so borrowed at Interest, be repaid, unless some further Provision be made, and Restrictions Vox. 21.

vr»yt

Afld Means*

Supplf.

Punishing Mutiny and Dcfcnion.

Ordered, That the Committee Elections tfcadjourned.

8 E

of

662

8 — 9'

11

Martii.

A. 1730.

And theft the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Luncs, 8° Martii;

Anno 4* Georgii IIdI Regis, 1730.

Illnefeof rl' H E House being met; and having received In- Mr. Speaker. A formation, that Mr. Speaker had that Morning been taken suddenly ill, but that he hoped he should be able to attend the House Tomorrow; it was moved, that the House would adjourn till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

And thereupon the Clerk, to whom those who spoke applied themselves, according to former Practice in the Absence of the Speaker, by Direction of the House, put the Question, for adjourning the House till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock:

And the House was accordingly adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martisy 90 die Martii;

Anno 40 Georgii II41 Regis, 1730.

Iltness of f11H E House being met; the Clerk did, at the Table,

Mr. Speaker. JL acquaint the House, that he had received a Letter from Mr. Speaker; which he read to the House, and is as followeth;

Mr. Stabltst

I desire you would acquaint the House, that I am very fenlible of their kind Indulgence, and return them my most humble Thanks for it. The Favour they shewed me Yesterday, has made me so much better Today, that, if I can have the further Indulgence of the House till Tomorrow, 1 have no Doubt with myself, but that I shall then be able to attend their Service; which is, and always will be, of the greatest Concern and Importance to me.

Leicester Street, Tuesday, I am your faithful Friend, March 9th, 1730. and Servant,

Ar. Onslow.

But it was moved, that the House would adjourn till Thursday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Whereupon the Clerk, by Direction of the House, put the Question, for adjourning the House till Thursday Morning, Nine of the Clock:

And the House was adjourned accordingly till Thursday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

yovisy ii° Martii;

Anno 4° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1730. Prayers.

h,nkTth7 'TH? H®uf« being met, and Mr. Speaker having House. *- taken the Chair; he returned his humble 1 banks to the House, for their Indulgence to him, during his Indisposition.

Ceminitteei. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Regulation The Lord Mayor of London reported from the Com-yf Broker* mittee to whom the Petition of the several Merchants, in London. an(j Traders, of London, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Was referred; that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, together with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read; and the Report, and Resolutions of the Committee, are as followeth;

That the Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, proceeded to examine the Allegations of the said Petition; and, to prove the fame, Witnessls were called 5 viz.

Mr. Philip Devifme; who said, that several act as Brokers, who have no legal Authority for so doing, and many of whom, under, or making use of, the Names of such Jews as are licensed; and such Jews, so acting without Authority, cannot be hindered, as the Law noiv stands, although not only prejudicial to the Merchants, but to such Brokers as are Chriflia

He further said, that about Twenty-two Years since an Order was made by the then Lord Mayor and Court of Aldermen, for admitcingTwelve Persons to be Brokers, although not free of the City; whereupon the French and Dutch Congregations here in London made Application to the Court of Aldermen, that Six , and Six Dutch, might be licensed to act as foreign Brokers; but such Application proved fruitless: Nevertheless, about that time Twelve Jews were licensed by the Court of Aldermen to act as Brokers, and were confined to that Number for several Years; but of late the Lord Mayor and Court of Aldermen have thought fit to admit, without Limitation, Persons to act as Brokers, to the Prejudice of Merchants and Traders; and that now there are great Numbers of Persons, who are neither licensed, or qualified; and such Persons frequently impole on the Merchants; but if all Brokers gave Security for their just and faithful Behaviour, the Merchant imposed upon, might have fotne Relief, and no Persons, but such as were of clear Characters, would be admitted Brokers.

Mr. Thomas Baynton, being examined, fad, that all Brokers, except the licensed Jews, are obiiged to be Freemen of the City:

That the Penalties, to be recovered by the Act of the Sixth of Queen Anne, touching Brokers, are thereby directed to go to the Use of the Lord Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens, of L, but the Prosecutions are carried on in the Name of the Chamberlain, in behalf of the City; but the Person who is to give Evidence in this Prosecution. being a Freedhan, such Person must be disfranchised, before his Evidence will be received, in regard the Penalty, when recovered, is to go to the Use of the City; and restoring such Person to his Freedom again being attended with some Expence, and Trouble, many Prosecutions have for this Reason been dropt, or

?roved fruitless. He said further, that Freemen, upon a ury upon such Prosecutions, have been objected to, for being such; and, if Brokers are the Informers, it carries an Odium of an Informer:

That Merchants, or Traders, being Freemen of London, and subpoenaecl to give Evidence in Trials against any Person aiding as a Broker, and not duly licensed or admitted, such Freemen may refuse to be disfranchised, in order to give Evidence; so, consequently, the Prosecution mud drop. He further added, that these and other Inconveniences the Merchants and Freemen of the City of London labour under, by reason of the Defects of the Ad, made in the Sixth Year of her late Majesty's Reign.

Mr. Abraham Leftourgeon, Mr. isaac Mr. Wtn. Vaughan, Mr. John Walker, Mr. Theodore Van Rheden, Mr. Wm. Bearcroft, and Mr. being severally

called, and examined, confirmed the Evidence, given by Mr. Devifme and Mr. Thomas Baynton.

That, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to the following Resolutions:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committe.-, That the Petitioners have fully proved the Allegations of the said Petition.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved, that Leave may be given to biing in a Bill for making more effectual the Ad, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for repealing the Act of the First Year of King James the First, intituled " An Act for the well garbling of Spices," and for granting an Equivalent to the City of London, by admitting Brokers.

And the Lord Mayor of London moved the House, pursuant to the last Resolution of the Committee.

O/dcrtd,

V;

I)-

4 Geo. II.

11° Martii.

661

L,

Ordered, That Leave be givert to bring in a Bill A Bill for repairing, and keeping in Repair, the Pier Newbie*, for making more effectual the Act, passed in the Sixth and Harbour of in the County of Sussex, Harbour*

Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen dme, for read a Second time.

repealing the Act of the First Year of King James the Ref, That the Bill be committed to Mr. First, intituled, "An Act for the well garbling of Mr. Gape, Mr. Mr. Gould, Mr. Bacon, Sir

" Spices," and for granting an Equivalent to the City mund Bacon, Sir Richard , Mr. Bromley, Sir Orl.

of London, by admitting Brokers; and that the Lord Bridgman, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Finchs Mr. Campbell,

!o prepare, and Sir James Campbell, Mr. Sir Thomas Hales,

- WestWrnughton Inclosurt.

C:.-

Mayor of London and Sir John Williams do prepare bring in, the fame.

Sir Nathanael Curzon reported from the Committee to whom the Petition of Richard Fitzherbert, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Westbr in the Parish of Dovebridge, in the County of Derby, and of George Venablei Vernon, Godfrey Clarke, Paul Elers, Esquires,

George Buxton, William Ebb, Richard Stubbing, William Boivyer, James Bate, Gentlemen, and George Cockaine, Clerk, and others, whole Names are thereuntolubscribed, Freeholders within the said Manor, was referred; that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House: And lie read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at

Mr. Tufnell, Mr. Longitevil/e, Lord Mr.

Thompfoh, Mr. Offley, Major Compton, Mr. Chetzvynd,

Sir John Norris, Mr. Lyddel, Captain Fernon, Colonel Bladen, Mr. Harley, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir Edward Stanley, Mr. Conduit, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Pulteney, Sir John Williams, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Martin, Mr. Lyfiert Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Master, Lord Nassau; and all

the Members, that serve for the Counties of Kent, Sussex, and the Cinque Ports; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Traders, and Shopkeepers, redding Hawkef* in Colchester, in the County of Essex, on the behalf of and Pedlar*.

the Clerks Table; where the same was read, and is as themselves, and many others of the said Town, and

Parts adjacent, was prefen ted to the House, and read; praying such Relief, as the House shall think fit, against the pernicious and deftraftive Trade, carried on by Hawkers and Pedlars, as well in prohibited and uncustomed Goods, as otherwise, to the Ruin of the fair Traders,

followeth; viz.

That the Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, bearing Date the zd Day of March instant, have taken into Consideration the said Petition; and, to make good the Allegations thereof.

The Petitioners produced the Articles of Agreement w*10 Pay ^aroe Rents, and great Assessments to the Poor entered into by the Owners and Proprietors, fordividing as we^ as ot^er parochial and national Charges, and inciting the Commons, and walte Grounds, lying Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, in the said Manor of iFejlbroughton; by which it appeared,

thar all those avho had ligned the said Articles, or Peti- 'The Lord reported from the Committee to

tion, were willing and desirous that the same may be whom the Petition of the acting Trustees, wh fe Names divided, and inclosed. are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and

It likewise appeared to the Committee, that there are others, appointed to put in Execution an Act of the Ibme Proprietors who have not signed the said Articles, F*rft_Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George

St. Alban'* Roads.

and have some Iniereft in the said Common and watte Ground, but do not oppose the intended Inclosure.

Then the Petitioners called Thomas , and Robert Room; who said, that the said Commons, and walte Grounds, are at present of very little Benefit to the Pro

the First, of glorious Memory, for repairing the Highways through the several Parishes of St. Michael, St. Alban, St. Peter, Shenley Ridge, and South Mims, in the Counties of Hertford, and Mwas referred; that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said

prietors; but, if they were divided, and indofed, the Petition, and had directed him to report the lame, as it same will be a great Advantage to them. appeared to them, to the House; And he read the

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at

Supply Bill; Sinking Fund*

Woollen

Manufacture.

inclosing and diving the Commons, and waste Grounds, lying in the Manor of Westbroughton, in the Parish of Dovebridge, in the Coun*y of Derby, and that Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Newland, and Mr. Legh Master, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Sir Charles Turner presented to the House (according to Order) a Bill for the further Application of the Sinking Fund; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Rejdved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Twelve Governors, Gentlemen,

Farmers, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants, of the Town and Parish of Crediton, in the County of Devon, laid Highways; which cannot be repaid, and the High-in behalf of themselves, and the neighbouring Parishes; ways sufficiently repaired, and so kept, unless the Term, and also, granted by the said Act, be enlarged.

A Petition of the Portreve, Bailiff, and other principal That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

Inhabitants, of the ancient Borough of AJlburten, in the enlarging the Term granted by an Act, passed in the County of Devon-, First Fear of the Reign of his late Majesty King Georgy

Were severally presented so the House, and read; —

the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

That, in pursuance of the Order of the House, the Committee proceeded to examine the Matter of the said Petition; and, to make good the Allegations thereof, Witnesses were called;

Mr. John Smith-, who said, that the Highways through the several Parishes of St. Michael, St. Alban, St. Peter, Shenley Ridge, and South Mims, are very ruinous and bad, notwithstanding the Toll granted, and the Moneys borrowed thereupon, have been duly applied, and the Inhabitants constantly done their Statute-work.

Mr. Wm. How said, that there is a Debt of £. 1,380. still subsisting, for Moneys borrowed, for repairing the

complaining of the great Decay of the Woollen Manufacture, and Increase of the Poor, occasioned chiefly by the running of Wool from England, and the First, intituled, "An Act for repairing the Highways through thy several Parishes of Michael, St.

" Alban, St. Peter, Shenley Ridge, and South Mims, in the Counties of Hertford and Midd/tfexand that the

Wool, and Woollen Goods manufactured, from Lord Grimston and Mr. Gape do prepare, and bring in,

Ireland, into foreign Parts, to the Ruin of our the fame.

Manufacturers: And praying such Redreis, as to

the House shall Icem meet. Sir Henry Hoghton presented to the House (according MancJieflrr

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be re- to Order) a Bill for erecting a Workhouse in the Town of ferred to the Committee to whom the Petition of several Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, for the Mailers, and Members, of the Company of Weavers better maintaining and employing the Poor of the said within the City of Bristol, is referred. Town; and the same was received.

Vol. 21.

Mt.

66^.

II0 Martiu

A. 1730.

l*rrfervaU#n Mr. Whittington present?J to the House (according to

of Game. Order) a Bill for the better Preservation of the Game; and the same was received, and read the First time.

And the House being moved, that the Third Section of the Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of the late Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for the better Preservation of the Game," relating to the Encouragement given to Destroyers of the Game to make Dif-coveries, might be read;

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be printed.

La ml and Malt Tax.

Ordered That the proper Officer do certify to this House, how much of the Sum of Eighteen thousand One hundred Twenty-three Pounds, Fourteen Shillings, and Five Pence Half-peny, said in an Account, now before this House, to have been paid into his Majesty's Exchequer since the 30th of September 1730, to t he 1 7th of February last, on account of the Land Tax for the Year 1728, was paid before the 5th of February last.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do certify to this House, how much of the Sum of Seven thousand Three hundred Pounds, said in an Account, now before this House, to have been paid into his Majesty's Exchequer since the 30th of September 1730, to the 17th of February last, on account of the Malt Tax for the Year 1728, Was paid before the jth of February last.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account of what Money has been paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer upon account of the Malt Tax for the Years 1725, 1726, 1727, 1728,

1729, and 1730, distinguishing what was paid upon account of that Part of Great Britain called England, and what upon that Part called; distinguishing

also the Years, together with an Account of the Charges of Interest upon the lame.

The House being informed, that Mr. , from tire Daiinm Exchequer, attended at the Door, he was called in, and, Sumped at the Bar presented to the House, pursuant to their '‘°"!| 4? Order, An Account of the net Produce into the Exchequer, fbrTinee Years last past, of the additional Duties on stainped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, which by an Act, of the Ninth and Tenth Years of King IVII/iam the Thtrd, was, amongst other Things, charged with the yearly Fund of £. 1 to,000. payable to the united Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies, d.stinguifhingeach Year; as also, what hath been charged upon the said additional Stamp Duties, and paid out of the lame, since the 25th Day of March 1730.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The laid Account is as followeth; viz.

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled:

Ah ACCOUNT of the net Produce into the Exchequer, for Three Years last past, of the additional Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, which by an Act, of the 9th and 10th Years of King William the Third, was amongst other Things, charged with the Yearly Fund of 160,coo. payable to the united Company of

Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies, distinguishing each Year; as also, what hath been charged Upon the said additional Stamp Duties, and paid out of the fame, since the 25th Day of March 173c.

£. s. d.

Produce for the Year, ended at Michaelmas 1728 - - 43,380 13 —

.....>729 .....-4-1 >327 6 9

.....>730 ..... 4M34 >7 5

£. 125,9^2 17 2

Charged on the said additional Duties, the Sum of £. 550,000. in Exchequer Bills.

Paid out of the said Duties since 25th of March 1730, to the 5th of March following, 173?: /. s. d.

To the Paymasters of the aforesaid Exchequer Bills ----- - 14,000 — —

To the Ulhcr of the Receipt of Exchequer, for Neccfiuries ----- j61 12 6{

To the Bank of England, for Circulation - -- -- - 972 12 9

rdt

£ I5»I34 5 3i

Alexander Choeke.

N. B. Besides the above Sum of £. 14,000. ififued to the Paymasters of Exchequer Bills, the further Sum of £. 25,600. was ififued to them out of the 28 d. per Bushel Salt, at Christmas 1730, whereby £. 39,600. in Exchequer Bills, Part of the £. 550,000. above-mentioned, were cancelled.

There is now in the Exchequer, towards cancelling further Part of the said Bills, £. 7,658. 3 j. 7 Id. Exchequer, nth Day of March 1730.

leave of Ordered, That Sir Robert , Knight of the most AblVnce. honourable Order of the Bath, have Leave to go into the Country, to attend the Funeral of his Father.

Supply Bill; Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Land Tax. Morning next, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land l ax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1731.

Spnnifli _ Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Depredatfotu whole House, to whom the Petition of the Merchants, and Tfajc]m*n others> of the City of trading to his Majesty's

Colonies and Plantations in America: and also the Petition of the M iyor, Aldermen, and others, Merchants, trading from the Port of in the Couniy Pa aiine

of Chester, to his Majesty's Colonies in the lnd.es > were referred; be received upon Morning next.

22

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, Supply, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty'.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- Exrorow night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of the Gunpowder-niake;s, p0"to' and of several Merchants, Traders in, and Exporters of, Gunpowder to divers foreign Parts.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- W» ing next, refoive itself into a Committee of the ivhoie House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will immediately refoive p^-, itfelt into a Committee of the whole House, up n the Mmr.i Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the bet- Dci<r:i« ter Payment of the Army, and their Quarters.

The

1).

4 Geo. II.

n

12

Martii

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said younger Children; to which the Lords desire the Con

Shafto's

Ntarriage

Settlement.

Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Char Its Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report he received upon Monday Morning nexr.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 12° Martii;

Anno 4* Georgii 11" Regis, 1730.

Pray sits.

ISAAC Lacam and Peter Korten took the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and Mr. Allen:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have patted a Bill, intituled,' An Act to enable John Sha/to, Efcjuire, to make a suitable Settle*

ment upon any Woman he shall marry, and Provision for

Payment* out of the

Currence of this House,

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The said Bill was read the First time*

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time*

The House being informed, that Mr. Clio eke, from the Exchequer, attended at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House* pursuant to their Order,

An Account, shewing, what further Part of the Sum of One hundred Seventy-six thousand Four hundred Ninety-four Pounds Three Shillings and Three Farthings, Sinking for the Charge of circulating Exchequer Bills, and ^und* Fifteen thousand Four hundred Ninety-three Pounds,

Ten Shillings and Three Pence Farthing, for Management, which was paid out of the Sinking Fund since the 12th Day of April 1727, and what other Sums have been paid for the like Service, since that time, out of the Sinking Fund, and how the same has been replaced; and also.

An Account of what publick Money is now remaining in his Majesty's Exchequer, which has nor been brought to any Account, laid before this House in this Session.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table* to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are as followeth; viz.

Money re*

maining in Exchequer.

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled;

Av ACCOUNT, ttiewing what further Part of the Sum of /. 176,494.31. o\d. for the Charge of circulating Exchequer Bills, and/. 1^,493. 10 s.3 'fd.for Management, which was paid out of the Sinking Fund since 12th Day of April 1727, and what other Sums, if any, have been paid for the like Service, since that time, out of the Sinking Fund, and how the same has been replaced.

Of the Sum of/. 176,494 31. ol^. mentioned in the aforegoing Order to be paid out of the Sinking Fund* for circulating Exchequer Bills, the Sum of/. 7,152. 16 s.8 d.was replaced, as mentioned in an Account delivered into this honourable House the 12th of April 1727, to the said Fund, to make good such Part of the said Sum of /. 176,494 3 s. o id.as went for circulating Exchequer Bills, issued on the Act 90 Georgii I"‘, for laying a Tax upon Papists, and on the Act 11* Georgii I"', for railing /. 500,000. towards paying the Jate King's Debts, (Ac. and the said Sum of/. 7,152. 16 s. id being so replaced, the Residue of the said Sum of /. 176,494. 3 j. o-f was for circulating Exchequer Bills, wholly chargeable on the said Sinking Fund, and no further Part thereof is to be replaced.

As to what other Sums have been paid for the like Service, since the 12th of April 1727, out of the Sinking Fund, the same appear to he as followeth; viz. /. s. d.

To the Bank of England, for Circulation 1,470 19 z

To Management 1,034 7 3

Exchequer, 12 th March, 1730.

Alexander Chockt.

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled:

Am ACCOUNT of what publick Money is now remaining in his Majesty's Exchequer, which has not been brought to any Account laid before this House in this Session.

hm

1 A39

2,743 *9 3* 723 12 r-

9

5 11

Relerved, to answer Demands upon the following Funds, but no Demands have been made many Years:

/. s. d.

Wines and Tobacco, for Subsidies 1707, 1701, and 1709 - -

For the first Gene- r

nl Mortgage. pal., and Glaft Wares.....-

For the 2d General f New Customs before ill August ijio - -

Mortgage. \ Marriages

For Land and Sea Services.

Duty on Malt 1726, for the Service of the Year 1728 -

Imprest Money, repaid on account of Richard Hampden, Esquire, late Treasuref of the Navy D* by the Executors of Sir Thomas Lyttelton, Baronet, late Treasurer D' on Account of Charles Mediycott, Esquire, Jate Comraiflary for Stores in Portugal

Contributions on 1 ft Lottery 1719 - -

Duty on Apples, Part of the Supply Anno 1722 - -

Contributions on Malt Lottery A* 1723....

D° Anno 1724 - - - k

Land Tax Anno 172a, for the Service of the Year 1725....

Unappropriated Revenues.

Profits arising by the Coinage of Copper Money - *

Arrears on Duty Malt 1715 Ditto - Ditto

Ditto

Vol. 21. gF

- 1718 -

1721

1723

92 19 a

17,672 IO -T-

287 9 4

284 3 3

1,479 10 if

S3 *4 — 395 '3 395 *3 3,017 12 1

1,666 14 10 138 a 4

300 ——

150 ——

81 7

Arrears

Bedford

Eie&ion.

Suiti

resptfting

Tythes.

Godolphin*

Nat.

Honiton

Election.

Gibraltir.

6 66

12° Martii.

A. i

730-

Land Tax Anno ijio Ditto - - 1723

Ditto - - 1724

Ditto - - 1725

Ditto - - 1726

Ditto - - 727

Ditto - - 1728

Arrears on fundiy Land Taxes, referyed to pay Receivers, unless otherwise disposed

of by Parliament.

For Disposition of Parliament.

Duty on compound Liquors....

Licence Money for retailing D* ——

Forfeitures on D" ——

Sales of Lands in St. Christopher's ——

Duty on Paper, the Surplus of Lottery Fund Anno 1714, at 1729 -

Duty on foreign Salt ——

Deductions on 6 d.per Pound on Pensions, dsV. after paying the Bank £.30,000. for Annuities, of £.3. perCent. for One Million, and £. 360. per Annum for Management, to

*727 - . - - ....

Referred for the Commissioners for building new Churches.

Duty on Coals since 25th of March 1719 ——

Loans on D" - -

Reserved to pay Interest on Nevis and St. Christopher's Debentures, which, is supposed, will

amount to above as much more as this Sum.

Contributions to Lottery Act 1714 ——

Reserved to pay Exchequer Bills Anno 1697.

Additional Tonnage Arrears..... ——

Esteemed to be Part of the late Queen's Civil List Money.

Money paid by the South Sea Company, in Consideration of the Contract -

Exchequer, 12th Day of

March 1730. Alexander Chocke.

191 15 6 3Si 9 3 1*264 O

2.638 5 5

6,876 8 9S3 13 10

20,2 10 3 si

3,664 3

5,859 14 -3 9 10 69'253 4 1,214 9 8f

121 15 91

1,206 3 5

78 13 6 625 17 4l

»43 4 374 5 -

Ordered, That Thomas Browne, Doctor in Physick, be at Liberty to withdraw his Petition, complaining of an undue Eieftion and Return for the Town of Bedford.

Ordered, That the Order, of the Nineteenth Day of February last, for hearing the Matter of the said Petition at. the Bar of this House upon the Eighteenth

Day of March instant, be discharged.

Ordered, That the Bill to prevent Suits for Tythes, where none, nor any Composition for the fame, have been paid within a certain Number of Years, be read a Second time upon Thursday Morning next.

1 ' A Bill for naturalizing Maria Catherina Codolphin, Wife of the Right honourable William Godo/pbin, Esquire, commonly called Marquis of was

read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Leveson Cower, Mr. Gybbon, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Scrape, iVlr. Campbell, Mr. Heath cote. Sir Mr.

Mr. Clayton, Sir Wilfrid Lawson, Mr. Tufnell, Mr. -detitt, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Bowes, Sir Roger Meredith, Colonel Onftozv, Mr. Douglas,"Sir. Wm Mr. Rowney, Mr. Mailer, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Oglethorpe, Captain Vernon, Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr. , Mr. New land, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Shafto, Mr.

Mr. Walpole, Mr. Williams, Mr. Harley, Mr. Evans, Lord Fane, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Clavering, Major Compton, Mr. Digby, Mr. Alderman Child, Colonel Read: And they are to meet this Afternoon,. at Five of tire Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

-Ordered,. That the Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Eieftion for the Borough of Honiton, in the County of Devon, be received upon Monday Morning next.

relating to the said Works, the same may be laid before this House, together with i'uch Orders as have been given thereupon.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's moll honourable Privy Council.

The House being moved, that the Fourth Section of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for the Junes better Regulation of Juries, for exempting Jurymen, MnWJtta who have served in some Counties within the Space of Two Years, might be read;

And the said Clause being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Third Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for the better " Regulation of Juries,' so far as the same relates to the County of Middlesex; and that Mr. , Mr.

Harley, and Sir William Yonge, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the Mayors, capital Burge flees, free Burgesses, and Inhabitants, of the Boroughs of East and West Looe, in the County of Cornwall, dated at Loo, the Fourth Day of March, 1730, was presented to the House, and read j complaining of the great Decay of the Woollen Manufacture, and Iricreale of the Poor, occasioned chiefly by the running of Wool from England, and Wool, and Woollen Goods manufactured, from Ireland, into foreign Parts, to the Ruin of our Manu-fasturers: And praying such Redress, as to the Home shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Maller«, and Members, of the Company of Weavers, within the City of Bristol, is referred.

Resolved, That an humble Addref* be presented to his Majesty, that he will be graciously plealed to give Directions, that, if any Memorials of his Majesty's Minister at the Court of Spain, or any Representations by h im, or the Governor of Gibraltar, in relation to the Works .-carried on- by the Spaniards before that Place, have been received- by his Majesty since the Address of this-House to his Majesty for the other Representations

Ordered, That the Commissioners fot Trade and Plan*. Woofa tations do lay before this House, wha6 Accounts or Informations they have received of the manufacturing or in making of Woollen, Linen, and Cotton Cloths in New England, New York, New Jersey, , and Rhode

Istand \and what Directions or Instructions have been given to the several Governors thereupon; and also aa Account of what Progress, they are informed, any of

the

4 Geo. II. i 2° Martu. 66'j

the said Provinces hate made in the planting of Hemp Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true i and Flax. \ and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and

made' several Amendments thereunto, which they had Fontaine'* Mr. More reported from the Committee, to whom directed him to report to the House: And he read t* e Nat* the Bill to naturalize Mary Anne de la Fontaine, was Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, committed; that the Committee had examined the with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table.

Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; Ordered, That the Report be taken into Consideration and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and upon Monday Morning next, had directed him to report theftme to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the , That the Petition of the Mayor, Jurats, Gravrfcnd

Clerk'sTable. Common-council, and the Minister, Churchwardens, and urc

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed. ' principal Inhabitants, of the Town corporate of Gravesend

and Milton, in the County of Kent, which was pre-punflable Mr. Orlcbar reported from the Committee, to whom fented to the House the Second Instant, and ordered to Road*. the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Grand Jury, lie upon the Table, be referred to the Consideration of Freeholders, and others, Inhabitants of the County of a Committee j and that they do examine the Matter Bedford, assembled at the General Quarter Sessions of the thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them,

Peace at the Town of Bedford, in and for the said County, to the House i

on the Eighth Day of October, in the Third Year of his And it is referred to Sir Roger Meredith, Mr. Whit- Majesty's Reign, Atmoque Domini 1729, was referred; worth. Sir Wtn. Tonge, Sir Charles Turner, Lord Morpeth % that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Mr. Walpole, Mr. Scrope, Mr Dr. Sayer, Mr.

Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it Gybbon, Lord Fere Beauclerk, Mr. Conduitt, Sir James appeared to them, to the House: And lie read the Campbell, Mr. Plumptre, Lord Mr. Gould, Mr.

Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at Longueville, Mr. Hales, Mr. Andrews, Mr. Alderman the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as Barnard, Mr. Alderman Mr. Sir Tho,

followeth; viz. Hales, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Baker, Mr. Bromley, Sir

That the Committee, pursuant to the Order of the Edmund Bacon, Sir Robert Sutton, Mr. Vincent, Colonel House, proceeded to exam ne the Matter of the said Onslow, Mr. Heathcote, Mr. Gibfoti, Mr. Master, Sir Petition: and, to prove the Allegations thereof, Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Oglethorpe, Captain Vernon, Mr.

An Act of Parliament, passed i.i the Ninth Year of her Cholmondeley, Mr. Moore, Mr. Mr. Bootle,

late Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Highways be- Mr. Shafto, Mr. Bramflon, Mr. Williams, Mr. Harley, Mr. tween Dunstable and Hockliffe, in the County of Bedford, Evans, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Clavering, Sir Robert - ,

was produced to the Committee; whereby it appeared, nesse, Mr. and all the Members, that serve for

that the Tolls, granted for repairing the said Highways, the County of Kent, and for the Cinque Ports: And were to continue for 21 Years: they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock,

And another Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of her said in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to lend for

late Majesty's Reign, for making more effectual the Persons, Papers, and'Records,

before-mentioned Act, was also produced; whereby additional Tolls were granted, for repairing the said Highways. The House being informed, that the Prothonotary of AdmHSon* Then William Farrer, Esquire, was called; who said, the Counties of and Denbigh attended at the of Attorneys*

that the Road between Dunstable and Hockliffe is very bad, Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the notwithstanding the Money arising by the Tolls, granted House, pursuant to their Order,

For repairing the fame, have been duly applied, according A Lift of the Persons admitted Attorneys, at the Great

to the Directions of the said Acts: And further said, that Session of the County of Montgomery, held at Poole, in a considerable Part of the Money, that was borrowed the said County, on Friday, the Thirty-first Day of July, on the Credit of the Tolls, remains unpaid; and, if the in the Fourth Year of his Majesty's Reign, before John Tolls collected, during the Continuance of the Act, arc Willes, Esquire, and William JeJJ'of, Esquire, Justices for applied to payoff and discharge the fame, the Roads the said Counties; and also,

will become much more ruinous. A Lift of the Persons admitted Attorneys at the Great

Mr. Weedon, Treasurer of the Tolls collected, and Session of the County of Denbigh, held at Ruthin, in the Surveyor of this Road, being examined, said, that a said County, on Thursday, the Sixth Day of August, in Sum of £. 1,800. was borrowed on the Creditof the Tolls, the Fourth Year of his Majesty's Reign, before the said granted by the aforesaid Acts, which has been laid out in Justices. amending the same; and that £. 400. is still remaining And then he withdrew.

Unpaid, and, if that is repaid, it wHl require the Money And the Titles of the said Lifts were read,

collected during the Continuance of the Term in being, Ordered, That the said Lifts do lie upon the Table, to

which expires the First of May 1732. be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Farrer and Mr. Weedon further gave Evidence, The laid Lifts are bound up with the other Papers ot that, unless the Term granted, be enlarged, and Provision this Session. made for railing Money for repairing the Roads, the fame

cannot be effectually amended, and kept in Repair, for Mr. Bramflon reported from the Committee, who were Expiring the Accommodation of Travellers. appointed to inspe.Ct, what Laws are expired, or near Law*.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for expiring, and to report their Opinion to the House, which the effectual repairing the Highways between Dunstable of them are lit to be revived, or continued; that they and Hockley, in the County of Bedford, by enlarging the had inspected the Laws accordingly; and come to several Term and Powers granted by Two former Acts, one of Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the Ninth, and the other of the Twelfth, Year of the the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and that Mr. afterwards delivered it In at the Clerk's Table; where

Orlebar, Sir Rowland Alflon, and Mr. Byng, do prepare, the same was read'; and the Resolutions of the Com* and bring in, the fame. mittee are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee*

Lr»ton, tec. Mr. Clofmoridefey^syp011 ed from the Committee, to That an Act, made in the Tenth Year of his late

Roads. yihom the Bill for repairing the Roads leading from Majesty Y'Reign, intituled, "An Act for the better view-

Lawton Gate, in Lawton, in the County Palatine of ing, searching, and examining, all Drugs, Medicines,

Chester, to the Towofhipof AHoflock, in the said County, Waters, Oils, and Competitions,' uled or to be used

was committed; that the Committee had examined the " for Medicines, in all Places, where the same shall be Voj.. 21. " exposed

12° Martii

Persons going armed in disguise.

66

" exposed to Sale, or kept for that Purpose, within the " City of London, and Suburbs thereof, or within S*ven Miles Circuit of the said City," which was to be in force for Three Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which Act was by an Act made in the Thirteenth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for continuing the Laws " thereip mentioned, relating to Copper Bars exported,

" and for better preventing Frauds, committed by Bankrupfs, and for searching Drugs and Compositions for Medicines," further continued, from the Expiration thereof, for the Space of Three Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and is fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act made in the Twelfth Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled,l< An Act for the better Encouragement of the making of Sail-cloth in Great Britain," which was to continue in force for Seven

Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, which was by an Act, made in the Fifth Year of his Jate Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act " for continuing the Act made in the Eighth Year of the " Reign of the late Queen Ann, to regulate the Price and Assize of Bread, and for continuing the Act made in the " Twelfth Year of her laid late Majesty's Reign, for the " better encouragement of the making of Sail-cloth in " Great Britain" further continued for Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which by an Act made in the Tenth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act " for continuing Acts, for preventing Theft and Rapine " upon the Northern Borders of , and for better

" regulating of Pilots, and for regulating the Price and " Assize of Bread, and for the better Encouragement of " the making of S.til-cioth in Britain" was fur-

ther continued for the Term of Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and is fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Fifth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for the better securing the " lawful Trade of his Majesty's Subjects to and from " the East Indies, and for the more effectual preventing " all his Majesty's Subjects trading thither under foreign " Commissions," which was to contiuuc in force for Five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which by an Act, made in the Ninth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act to prevent his Majesty's Subjects from subscribing, or being concerned in encouraging or promoting any Subscription, for an East India Company in the Austrian Netherlands, and for the better securing the " lawful Trade of his Majesty's Spbjefts to and from the " East Indies," was further continued for Seven Years, from the 25th Day of March 1723, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and is fit to be continued.

The laid Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolutions; and that Mr. Bramston, Mr. Lifter, and Mr. Geers, do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill, or Bills.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Ninth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for the " more effectual punishing wicked and evil-disposed Persons, going armed in Disguise, and doing Injuries " and Violences to the Persons and Properties of his Majesty's Subjects, and for the more speedy bringing " the Offenders to Justice;" and that Mr. Bramston, Mr. J.ejjop, Mr. Conduit, Mr. Lifter, and Sir John do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

22

A. 1730.

The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself Suppj. into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, being read;

Ordered, That the Account, shewing how the Money, given for the Service of the Year 173°' hath been disposed of, distinguished under the several Heads, until' the Fifth Day of February 17-j-?, and the Parts thereof remaining unfinished, with the Deficiency thereupon, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of what Money has been paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer upon account of the Land Tax for the Year 1728, distinguishing, what was paid in upon the account of England, and what upon the account of Scotland, and distinguishing also, what was paid in before the 29th Day of September 1730, and what paid in since that time, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of what Money has been paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer upon account of the Malt Tax for the Year 1728, distinguishing, what was paid in upon the account of England, and what upon the account of Scotland, and distinguishing also, what was paid in before the 29th Day of September 1730, and what paid in since that time, be referred tu the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Establjfoment of the Royal African Company of England, for their several Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa, with the Charges thereof for the Year 1730, distinguishing, how much of the same is on account of Trade, and how much for the Maintenance and Defence of the said Forts and Settlements, and also an Account how the Money, granted the last Session of Parliament towards the Maintenance of the said Forts and Settlements, hath been disposed of, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charges of the Royal African Company of England, for the Maintenance of the several British Forts and Settlements, belonging to the said Company on the Coast of Africa, for the Year 1731, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the State of the yearly Revenue and Expence of Greeenwick Hospital, be referred to the said Committee,

Ordered, That the Lift of the Widows of such reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, who died upon the Establishment of Half-pay in Great Britain and who were married to them before the 25th Day of December 1716, with an Estimate of the Charge thereof for the Year 1731, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Out-pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1731, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the net Produce into the Exchequer, for Three Years last past, of the additional Duties on stamp'd Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, which by an Act of the Ninth dnd Tenth Years of King William the Third, was, amongst other Things, charged with the yearly Fund of 160,000. payable in the united Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies, distinguishing each Year, as also, what hath been charged upon the said additional Stamp Duties, and paid out of the fame, since the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Royal African Company of England be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the«C©Hunittee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that they had come to several Resolutions^, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered,

jrf#

fit

J3*J

,-,;ti

Ijjv-

k

Ur.1

JV.

4 Geo. II.

12° — 150 Martii.

66 9

Bofiney

Writ.

Admission of Attorneys.

yr;.

r..:

-U

k

:U;!

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Sir Charles Turner also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bojiney, in the County of ,in the room of Robert Corker, Esquire, deceased.

Committee Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec-of Privileges, tfons be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 150 die Martii;

Anno 40 Georgii IIdl Regis, 1730. Prayers.

THE House being informed, that Mr. Eyre, Clerk of the Warrants, t£c. in the Court of Common Pleas, attended at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Lift of the Names of all such Persons, as have been admitted Attorneys of lhe Court of Common Pleas in pursuance of the Act, passed in the Second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for the " better Regulation of Attorneys and Solicitors," with the Places of their usual Abode, when and where admitted, and by whom, since the last Lift laid before this House; and also,

A Lift of the several Fees, claimed by Edward Eyre, Clerk of the Warrants, Inrolments, and Estreats, in the Court of Common Pleas, and John Ward, his Deputy.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Lifts were read.

Ordered, That the said Lifts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Lifts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. William Leveson Gower reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to naturalize Maria Godolphin, Wife of the Right honourable William Godolphin, Esquire, commonly called Marquis of -ford, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at. the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrafted.

A Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the Town and Borough of Ilfordcombe, in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, that the Petition, presented to this House the 2d Day of February last, in the Name of the Inhabitants of the said Town and Borough, was obtained by Surprize, and Practice of the Water Bailiff, and his Relations, for his private Benefit; and that, if the Duties, desired by the said Petition, be laid, the Town, and Trade thereof, will be destroyed: And complaining of Misrepresentations of the Cafe, and other Practices, by the said Water Bailiff: And praying, that the Bill brought into this House, for Vo 1. SI,

Ideots'

Estates.

Bishop's

Tachbrooke

Inclosure.

Fees takeu in Common Picas.

Godolphin1*

Nat.

Ilfordcombe

Harbour.

repairing, and keeping in Repair, the Pier and Harbour of Ilfordcombe, in the County of Devon, may not

pass.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the.Table, until the Report from the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed, be received.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable Ideots, and Lunaticks, who are seized or possessed of Estates in Fee, or for Lives and Terms of Years, in Trust, or by way of Mortgage, to make Conveyances,

Surrenders, or Assignments, of such Estates; and that Mr. Allington, Mr. Dennis Bond, and Mr. Wyndham, do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Digby reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for inclosing the common Fields, and uninclosed Lands, lying within the Manor and Parish of Bishop's Tachbrooke, in the County of Warwick, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the Report was read.

And the First Amendment, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being read a Second time;

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Alderman Child reported from the Committee, to St. John, whom the Petition of the Inhabitants of the Parish of Clerkenwell, St. John, Clerkenwell, in the County of Middlesex, whose

Names are subscribed, was referred; that the Committee n £ n had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

That the Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, bearing Date the Second of March instant, proceeded to examine the Matter of the said Petition; and to make good the Allegations thereof, the several Atts of Parliament following were read; and the said Committee do find,

That by the Act of Parliament, made in the 9th Year of the late Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for " building Fifty new Churches in and about the Cities " of London and Westminster, and Suburbs thereof, and " other Purposes therein mentioned," several Duties on Coals and Culm, imported into the City of London, or River of Thames, within the Liberty of the same City, from the 14th of May, 1716, and oefore the 28th of September, 1724, were granted to her Majesty, her Heirs, and Successors, and appropriated for the building the said Fifty new Churches, and for making such Chapels, as are already built, and capable thereof, Parish Churches, and for the other Purposes, mentioned in the said Act; whereby her said Majesty was also impowered to appoint, by Letters Patents, Commissioners, to execute the Powers of the said Act:

That by a subsequent Act, made in the Tenth Year of her said Majesty's Reign, the Time given by the said former Act to the Commissioners, was enlarged, and further Powers given to the said Commissioners:

That by an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, intituled, "An Act for making Provision for the Ministers of the said Fifty new Churches, which are to be built in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, and Suburbs thereof,

and for the rebuilding, and finishing, the Parish Church of St. Mary, Woolnoth, in the City of ," there

was granted to his Majesty a Duty upon Coa\s and Culm, to be imported into the Port of the said City of London, or the River of Thames, within the Liberty of the feme

8 G City,

U

670

15° Ma.

1730.

City, from the 27th September, 1724, and before the and that Mr. Alderman Child, Mr. Alderman Barnard, 28th Day of September, 1723 } and the Moneys, arising and Mr. Annejley, do prepare, and bring in, the lame, thereby, were by the said Act appropriated for and towards the providing due Maintenances for the Ministers to attend the Service of God in the new Churches, to be erected pursuant to the said former Acts, and to be for that Purpose issued, applied, and disposed of, in such manner, as should thereafter bedirested by Parliament:

Ordered, That the Bill, that all Proceedings in Courts Lmgoapf of Justice shall be in the English Language, be read a Second time upon fVednesday Morning next. m 1?

The House being informed, that the Sheriffs of the Charitable City- of London attended at the Door, they were called Corpjniii.

Andby the same Act it was further enacted, that it should in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House a Petition be lawful for his said late Majesty, his Heirs and Sue- of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the cessors, by Letters Patents, to nominate and appoint City of London, in Common-council assembled. Commissioners, who, or any Five of them, should have And then they withdrew.

Power to execute all and every the Powers, Matters, and And the said Petition was read, complaining, that the

Things, in and by that Act, and the said several before- Corporation, called "The Charitable Corporation, for mentioned Acts, appointed to be done and performed: " Relief of the industrious Poor, by assisting them with

That by an Act, of the Fifth Year of his said late " small Sums of Money at legal Interest," do lend large Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for continuing leve- Sums on Goods, boughton Credit by ill-designing Perral Duties on Coals and Culm, and for establishing fons, and do exact and take exorbitant and unreasonable " certain Funds, to raise Moneys, as well to proceed in Rates, and fell the Goods pledged, if not redeemed in the building ofnew Churches.astocompletetheSupply the Time stipulated, at such low Rates, as no fair Trader " granted to his Majesty, and to reserve the overplus can afford them; and do several other Acts contrary to " Money of the said Duties for the Disposition of Parlia- the true Intent of their Charter, repugnant to the publick " ment, and for more effectual suppressing private Lot- Good, and prejudicial to the fair Trader: And thereteries," the same Duties were granted to his laid late fore praying the Confederation of the House, and such Majesty, from the 27th Day of September, 1725, to the Relief, as to the House shall feemmeet.

Feast of the Annunciation of the blessed Virgin Mary, which shall be in the Year of our Lord 1751, and were thereby charged with a particular yearly Fund, for railing Three hundred and Sixty thousand Pounds, in lieu

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee.

Ordered, That the said Committee be a Committee of the whole House.

of the Provisions by the said former Acts: And by a That this House will, upon Seven-

subsequent Act, made in the First Year of his now night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Majesty's Reign, so much of the said Three hundred and House, to consider of the said Petition.

Sixty thousand Pounds, as was unraised at Midsummer, A Petition of the Merchants, and other Traders, inha-1728, was to be taken out of the Purchase-money, biting in, or near, the City of London, whose Names arising by virtue of that Act, and added to the Aggregate are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, Fund therein mentioned, and be issued out of the Pro- and read; complaining, that, although the Laws, for duce of the said Aggregate Fund from time to time, as lessening the Interest of Money, are the Support of the same should be wanting for the Services aforesaid. Trade, and of common Benefit to Mankind, yet divers That Five or more of the Commissioners, appointed Persons have contrived various Ways to evade their by his laid Jate Majesty, pursuant ta the said Act of Par- Force, and others, as a Corporation, have also of late liament, of the First Year of his late Majesty's Reign; carried on the same perncious Practices to a greater having purchased all that ancient Chapel, some time Degree, by mifufing and abusing a Charter, granted by called the Church or Great Chapel, situate within the the late Queen, for Relief of the Poor, by assisting the m

Precinct or Site of the late House or Priory of St. John of Jerusalem, near Clerkenwell, in the County of Middle-

Jex, did, in pursuance of the said Acts, by an Instrument in Writing, bearing Date the nth Day of December,

with small Sums, on Pledges, at legal Interest, and ailing contrary to the true Intent of that Grant; under Colour whereof they lend very great Sums to ill-minded and necessitous Persons on Pawns, for which, under Pretence

1723, and inrolled in Chancery the i6thDayof the same of Warehouse-room, Insurance, and stich-like Evalions, Month, declare and appoint, that the said Chapel, from they take such exorbitant Rates, as no lawful Trade can and for ever after the Inrolment of the said Instrument, afford, to the Destruction of Trade and Credit, the and Consecration of the said Chapel, should be converted Oppression of the Poor, and the encouraging ill-designing into and made a Parish Church; and did thereby describe Persons to take up Goods on Credit, pawn the same for and ascertain the District and Division of and for a new ready Money, and then withdraw from their Creditors: Parish to the said Church: And praying, that the Law may be made more effectual

That the said Church was consecrated by the Lord against Usury and Extortion, and such other Relief, as Bishop of London on the 27th Day of December, 1723, to the House shall seem meet.

and in the Act of Consecration named the Church of St. John, Clerkenwell, in the County

That the new Parish, allotted to the said Church, was a District taken out of the Parish of St. James, C/erken-well, in the said County, and contains about Eight hundred Houses; but is very much burthened with Poor, inlbmuch that near One-half of the said Houses are not

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committeee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common-council assembled, is referred.

A Petition of the under-written Silk and Worsted Manufacturers, in and about Spittlefields, was presented

charged to the Poor's Rates, and those Rates for many to the House, and read; complaining, that the Corpora-

Years pall have been Two Shillings and Six Pence, and now are Two Shillings, in the Pound:

That divine Service hath been constantly performed in the said Church, ever since the Consecration thereof, by Adam Batty, Clerk, Mailer of Arts, Rector of the said

tion, originally intended for Relief of the Poor, by assisting them with small Sums on Pledges, to answer their occasional Necessities, at legal Interest, with reasonable Charges, do, on the contrary, lend large Sums on Wares and Merchandize, thereby encouraging ill-designing Per-

Church, as being the Morning Preacher, usually official- fons to contract great Debts with the Petitioners, pledge ing therein for the Space of One Month next before the their Goods with the Corporation, and withdraw them-Consecration thereof; but no Provision hath been yet selves from their Creditors: That the Interest, and established for the Rector of the said Church, or his Charges, which the Corporation take, are what no fair Successors. Trade can bear; and they often fell the Pledges at

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Twenty per Cent, less, than they can be made for, to providing a Maintenance for the Minister of the Church the great Discouragement of the Manufacturers, the of St. John, Clerkenwell, in the County of Middlesex; lessening the trading Stock of the Kingdom, the Discouragement

4 Geo. II

15° Martii

6yi

ragement of Industry, and Encouragement of fraudulent Housekeepers, or Pot-boilers, and had no Right of vot-Bankrupts: And therefore praying such Relief, as to the ing; that Twenty-two were Inmates, and Boarders, at House shall seem meet. the time of the Election; that Eleven received Alms;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the that Eight were not Inhabitants; that Two of the Voters Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to were Servants, and had no Right to vote; and, that whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Daniel Akerman became a Parishioner only a Fortnight Commons, of the City of London, in Common-council before the Election.

assembled, is referred.

Admissions of The House being informed, that Mr. , Deputy Attorneys. King's Remembrancer in the Court of Exchequer, attended at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, prefen ted to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Lift of all such Persons, as have been admitted So-

To add Four to the Petitioner's Poll, who offered their Votes for the Petitioner, and were refused by the Portreve,

Evidence was given by Henry , and IVm.

Humphreys, that John Lowring and Thomas Palmer were

Housekeepers, and Pot-boilers, Two Months before the Election; and that James Gold and John Barber were

licitors in his Majesty's Court of Exchequer, and inrolled substantial Housekeepers, and kept Shops, and offered or entered in the Office of the King's Remembrancer, in their Votes for Sir , but were refused by the

pursuance of the Act, passed it the Second Year of his Portreve.

And no Counsel, or Witnesses, appearing, to support the said Voters, or the Return of Mr. Serjeant Shepktard, the late fitting Member;

The Committee came to the following Resolutions: Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

present Majesty's Reign, for the better Regulation of Attorneys and Solicitors, with the Places of their usual Abode, when admitted, and by whom, and when inrolled and entered, since the last Lift laid before this House, which Persons, very few, if any, excepted, had been before admitted in some Court of Law or Equity, that James , Serjeant at Law, lately deceased,

or both, pursuant to the Directions of the said Act; and was not duly elected a Burgess, to serve in this present also. Parliament for the Borough of Honiton, in the County of

Officers and A Lift of the several Officers belonging to the Office Devon.

Tp of S°urt of the King's Remembrancer of the Court of Exchequer That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

i xc equer Westminster, with a Table of the several Fees, claimed That Sir Pole, Baronet, is duly elected a Burgess,

by them. to lerve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of

And then he withdrew. Honiton.

And the Titles of the said Lifts were read. The laid Resolutions, being severally read a Second

Ordered, That the said Lifts do lie upon the Table, to time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Lifts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Honiton

Ele&ioo.

Mr. Earl (according to Order) reported from the

agreed unto by the House.

Oldered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return for the Borough of Honiton, in the County of Devon, by rafing out the Name of James Shepheard, Serjeant at

Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it Law, and inferring the Name of Sir IVm. Pole, Baronet, appeared to them, touching the Election for the Borough instead thereof.

of Honiton, in the County of Devon, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon: Which Report he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the Report and Resolutions were read, and are as followeth; viz.

Upon the Petition of Sir IVm. Pole, Baronet, complaining of an undue Election and Return of James Shepheard, Esquire, Serjeant at Law, deceased, to serve for the Borough of Honiton, in the County of Devon:

That the Committee proceeded to examine the Matter of this Petition.

The Petitioner's Counsel infilled, that this was a

Sir Charles Turner (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions, they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Thirty-four thousand Three hundred and Twelve Pounds, Fourteen Shillings, and Six Pence, be granted to his Majesty, to make good the Deficiency of the Grants for the Service Borough by Prescription; and alleged, they should make of the Year 1730.

a Majority for the Petitioner, by taking from the late Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, fitting Member's Poll, and adding to the Petitioner's; That a Sum, not exceeding Five hundred and Ten thousand that they could make good the other Allegations in land Four hundred Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, the Petition, but should not proceed upon the fame, to discharge such Exchequer Bills, as remain uncancelled, unless required: which were made forth in pursuance of an Act, of the

That the Right of Election was infilted upon to be ac- Third Year of his Majesty's Reign, and were to be recording to the last Determination of the House: Which paid out of the first Aids or Supplies, to be granted in was read; Parliament after the Twenty-ninth Day of September,

When it was resolved, That the Right of Election of One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty, and, until such Burgesses, to lerve in Parliament for the Borough of Supplies should be granted, were charged upon such Honiton, in the County of Devon, is in the Inhabitants, surplus Moneys, or Savings, as, from and after the Housekeepers, within the said Borough, commonly called Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand Seven hun-Potwallers, not receiving Alms of the Parish. dred and Thirty, should arise into the Exchequer from

The Poll was, the several Duties and Revenues, then charged with the

por ( Mr. Serjeant Shepheard - - 204; Annuity or yearly Fund of One hundred and Sixty thou-

or ( The Petitioner, J5ir IVm. Pole, Baronet, 167. land Pounds, payable to the united Company of Mer-

That the Petitioner's Counsel produced Evidence,

To disqualify Fifty-one Voters of the late fitting Member; and,

To add Four to the Petitioner's Poll,

Touching which the Evidence was as follows:

John Skinner, George Lott, Richard Minifie, Wm. Humphreys, and Henry Clarke, gave Evidence for the Petitioner, that Seven of the Voters for Serjeant Shepheard were not Vol. 21.

chants of England, trading to the East Indies.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, towards the Support of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, for the better Maintenance of the Seamen of the said Hospital, worn out and become decrepid in the Service of their Country.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That

Supply.

6 72

15° — 16° Martii.

A.

1730.

That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand Six hundred Sixty-two Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, for paying of Pensions to the Widows of such reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, as died upon the Establishment of Half-pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the Twenty-fifth Day of December, 1716, for the Year 1731.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-two thousand Four hundred Eighty-three Pounds, Two Shillings, and Six Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for Out-pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1731, including the Sum of Seven thousand Pounds, towards making good the Deficiencies of the Surplus of the Deductions of Poundage and Days Pay of the Forces, and of the annual Sums granted in Parliament on account of the Expences of Chelsea Hospital. as estimated to the 24th of December,

I72$*

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, towards the Maintenance of the British Forts and Settlements belonging to the Royal African Company of England, on the Coast of

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for defraying the Charges of his Majesty's Mints, and the Coinage of Gold and Silver Moneys, and other incident Charges of the Mints, and thereby to encourage the bringing in of Gold and Silver, to be coined, a Revenue, not exceeding Fifteen thousand Pounds per be made up, settled, and secured, for Seven Years, from the First Day of March, 1730, and till the End of the First Session of Parliament theii next ensuing.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Way* The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself and Means. jnt0 a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, being read j

Ordered, That the Account of the net Produce into the Exchequer for Three Years last past, of the additional Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, which by an Act, of the Ninth and Tenth Years of King William the Third, was, amongst other Things, charged with the yearly Fund of payable to the united

Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies, distinguishing each Year, as also, what hath been charged upon the said additional Stamp Duties, and paid out of the same since the 25th Day of March, 1730, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of what publick Money is now remaining in his Majesty's Exchequer, which has not been brought to any Account, laid before this House in this Session, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the Ciid Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To morrow Morning.

Sir Charles Turner also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Vunishing Sir Charles Turner (according to Order) reported from Mutiny and Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill Desertion. pQr pUni(hing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better

24

Payment of the Army, and their Quarters, was committed, the Amendments, the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the Report was read; and the Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Liwton, it whom the Bill for repairing the Roads leading from Lawton Gate, in Lawton, in the County Palatine of Chester, to the Township of Allostock, in the said County,

..... be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning, at Eleven of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 16° die Martii;

Anno 40 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1730.

Prayers.

COLONEL Middleton presented to the House Abdw (according to Order) a Bill for the further conti- TownDek nuing the Duties granted by an Act, passed in the Parliament of Scotland, in the Year 1695, and continued by an Act, passed in the Year 1707, for paying off the Debts of the Town of Aberdeen, and for other publick Uses of the said Town; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Dm

The Clerk of the Crown attended, and (according to HonitM Order) amended the Return for the Borough of Honilon, in the County of Devon.

amended,

Mr. West by reported from the Committee, to whom the Do*

Petition of the Undertakers for making the River Niripw. in the West Riding of the County of York, navigable from Holms tile, in Doncaster, up to the utmost Extent of Ttnfley, Westward, a Township within Two Miles of Sheffield, and also for improving the Navigation of the River Dun from a Place called in the Township of Doncaster, in the County of to Wilfick-house, in the Parish of Barmby Dun, in the same County, and also the several Petitions, which had been presented to the House, concerning the said Navigation, from the following Places, viz.from the Town of Whitby, in the North Riding of the County of York, the Town of Stockton, in the County of Durham, the Town of Sunderland, in the County of Durham, the Borough of Beverley, in the East Riding of the County of the Town and County of Kingston upon Hull, and also the Petition of the several Traders, Mariners, and Sailors, of the Towns of York, Newcastle upon Tyne, Sunderland, Stockton, and Whitby, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, were referred; that the Committee had examined the Matter of the fii ft-mentioned Petition, none attending upon the other Petitions, and bad directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, together with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, to the House:

And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; where the Report and Resolutions were read, and are as followeth;

That, in pursuance of the Order of the House, the Committee proceeded to examine the Matter of the First Petition, none appearing to give Evidence on the other Six Petitions; and, to make good the Allegations of the said Petition, Witnesses were called, and examined; viz.

Mr.

4 Geo. IL . i6° Martii.

Dun

Navigation*

♦ fcVw'

H.

Mr. Richard Middlebrooh ‘ wild said* that there are Three Bridges on the new River, One called the Second Rawcliffe Bridge, and the Third New Bridge; which said Goo/ Bridge and Raw Bridge hinder Vef-

fels passing, each of them a Tide, or Twelve Hours, in calm Weather, and in stormy Weather much more: That the said Bridge, called Gool Bridge, is very prejudicial, and a great Hindrance, to the Navigation of the River, it (landing too near the Mouth of the River Where the Bottom is so very soft, that their Anchors often iari taking hold, and the Force of the Tides drive the Vessels against the Piles of the Bridge* and oflate Yeast Three or Four have been loft there, and several damaged: That at Low Water there are Eleven Feet Water, and About Twenty-eight Feet at High Water, at this Bridge* and that the Ground, whereon it (lands, is very sandy, and loose, and Vessels cannot be brought near it, to pass the fame, without great Difficulty, by reason of the Ra-pidness of the Tide from the River Owze; which would be prevented, if the Bridge was removed between Five or Six hundred Yards nearer to Bridge, at which

Place there is a Clay and firm Ground, to anchor in, and the River will be Five Feet deep there at Low Water: That, by reasons of these Inconveniences, Vessels have often been obliged to (lay a Tide, or m^re, before they could get through this B idge, which is Eighty Yards over and, when removed, it will b.* only Sixty Yards, but will be a Benefit to the Navigation, and maintained at a muchleL Expence, and no Detriment to Passengers, or to the House, now built at the Foot of this Bridge.

And he find further, that several Vessels have been loft at Gool Bridge; and that the Piles, drove there, arefome Forty-five, and some Sixty, Feet long, and Fourteen Inches, or thereabouts, thick: And laid, that Rawcliffe Bridge is of so little Use, that, if the same was taken away, it will be of great Advantage to the Navigation, and no Detriment to any body, as New Bridge lies as convenient to answer the Purposes of Rawcliffe Bridge: That the Removal of Gool Bridge higher up the R.ver is as convenient to the high Road to Hozvden, and will be no Damage or Hindrance to Passengers: That the Sides of the Banks at Gool Bridge are held up by Siathes: That . formerly there was a Bridge nearer the Mouth of the River Owze, where it is Sixty Yards wide, but that being a very bad Foundation, the same was taken down and, if the present Bridge is removed, the River will not be widened, if the Ends be left (landing: This Bridge has Thirteen Rooms, One whereof is Two:and-twenty Feet wide: That there was Two Meetings of the Land-owners at . DoncaJler, touching this Matter:

That in order to make the Navigation, several Cuts and Locks have been made, and the Navigation carried Seven Miles above DoncaJler, lor Vessels of Twenty Tons; and, to make this Navigation commodious, it will be proper to make a Cut on the North Side of the ' RiVer, upon a Marlb, called Thorp Marsh.

M r. John Arthur said, that none of the Land-owners ligned the Petition, but only the Proprietors: And, being alkeS, if the Lord Irwin was not sent to in relation to this Matter, said, he believed, he was not sent to: And being further asked, whether the removing Gool Bridge would be of any Damage to my Lord, he said, it could be of no Detriment to his Lordship.

Richard Agar, Esquire, said, that Gool Bridge (land£ about One hundred Yards from the Mouth of the River Owze, but on very sandy and bad Ground *, and* if the same was removed higher, the same would be of great Advantage to the Navigation: That, about Twelve Years ago, there was several Jettees, which are since decayed, and almost gone: That there is a Road on the North Side of the River, and, if that Road was taken away, and another Road made on the South Side, it would be of very little Detriment to, or Inconveniencyto, Passengers: That the Participants are obliged to keep the Banks- in Repair, which the Vessels often break down: And added, that the Lord Irwin will not be damnified by removing the Bridge, called Gool Bridge.

Vol.21.

Mr. Richard Ellijon, being called, said, that Gool Bridge Handing so near the Alouth of the River Owze has occasioned the Lossof several Vessels: And said, that the River, near the Bridge, is deeper since the late A dt passed, for making.it navigable.

Mr. Isaac Ain/worth produced, and laid before the Committee, An Account of M -ney expended by the Towns of Sheffield and DoncaJler whereby it appeared,

£ s- d:'

That Sheffield laid out the Sum of - 8,69a 7 2$

And DoncaJler the Such of - 3,774 — 9

So that the wholeExpenceamountsto,f. 12,466 7 114.

Richard Agar, Esquire, being further examined, said, that last Summer was Twelve Months he was at Gool Bridge but did not fee there was any'Alteration, or any Leaves made on the Bridges; and that the lower Bridge can't (land long, the Ground being so extreme bad, that the same will be undermined, if not speedily taken care of: That they can't make any Leaves now, for fear the Bridge should fall: That there is some Clay and sandy Ground, where the Bridge is proposed to be set.

That, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to the following Resolutions:

Rejohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Petitioners have fully proved the Allegations of the said Petition.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved for Leave to bring in a Bill for explaining and altering Two Acts of Parliament, for making navigable the River D, in the County of , and for better perfecting and maintaining the said Navigation, and for uniting the several Undertakers, mentioned in the said Acts, under certain Rules and Orders for their Government.

And Mr. We ft by moved the House, pursuant to the last Resolution of the Committee.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and alter Two Adb of Parliament, for making navigable the River Dun, in the County of York, and for better perfecting and maintaining the aid Navigation, and for uniting the several Undertakers, mentioned in the said Acts, under certain Rules and Orders for their Government; and that Mr. Westby, Sir NathanaelCurzon, Mr. Liddell, and Mr. Bowes, do prepare, and bring in,

the fame.

A Bill for exchanging, dividing, and inclosing, the common Fields, common Meadows, and common and waste Grounds, within the Manor of in the County of Gloucester, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Colonel Read, Mr. Earle, Mt, Winning!on. Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr.

Bowes, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Burton, Mr. Longueville, Sir Edmund Bacon, Sir James Thornhill, Mr. Palmer, Mr. , Sir Robert

Abdy, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Drax, Mr. More, Sir . John Barrington, Mr Selwyn, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Lewis,

Mr. Thompson, Mr. Alderman Child, Mr.

Mr. Bowles, Mr. Potenger, Mr. Howard, Mr. Sandys,

_ Sir Hen. Hoghton, Sir John Rushout, Mr. , Sir Thomas

Read, Sir Geo. Cajwall, Mr. Neale, Mr. Martin, Sir Adolphus Oughton, Mr. Bromley, Sir Wm. Keyte, Sir

.. Abra. Elton, Sir Walter Bagot, Mr. Conduit, Mr. and all the Members, that serve for the Counties of Gloucester, Worcester, and Hereford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, Freemen, Merchants, and ether principal Inhabitants, of the Town or Borough of Bridgwater, in the County of Somerset, whole Names are fublcnbed, in behalt of themselves, and many others of the said Town, was presented to the House, and read alleging, that King John did, by Charter under the Great Seal, grant, that Bridgwater should be a free Borough, and that the Burgesses thereof

8 H should

Preftbury

Inclosure#

Ilfordcombe

Harbour.

LacamV, &c. Nat,

Feres taken in Common Pleas.

74

16* Martit.

A. I7JO.

should be free Burgesses, and (hmild have all Liberties, and free Customs, which to his said Majesty did belong, through all his Majesty's Land, and through'all the Ports, Creeks, and Harbours, of his Land, the City of London only excepted; which Freedom and Privilege hath been continued and confirmed by divers Kings and Queens of England, and the BurgdTes and Freemen of the said Borough have fully enjoyed tile same to this Time; but, they apprehendjthe same may be abridged and lessened, with respect totneirShips and Merchandize intiveirTrade to and from the Harbour of in the County of

Devon, unless in the Bill depending, for repairing, and keeping in Repair, the said Harbour, some Provision be made for Preservation thereof .: And therefore praying, that the Freedom and Privileges of the said Borough of Bridgwater, and the Bufgefl'es thereof, may not bf abridged or ledepfd by the said Bill, and that such Pro* vffion may be made therein for the Preservation of tbf laid Privileges, as the Hopfe shall think proper.

And the House being informed, that the Committee, to whom the said Bill was.committed, have gone through the fame, and have directed their Report thereof to be made to the House,

Ordered,'That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until die Report fjromthe Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing, and keeping in Repair, the Pier and Harbour of Vfordcombe, in the County of was cem*

mitted, be received.

A Bill for naturalizing JJaac and Peter

was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed-to Mr. Winning-ion, Mr. Harley, Colonel Read, Mr. Earle, Sir James, Campbell, Mr. (Tufnell. Sir Richard Lane, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Bacon, Sir Hen. Hogbton, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Whitworth, Lord VereBeauclerk, Mr. Sdwyn, Mr.

Sir John Barrington, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Alderman Child, Mr. fturton, Sir Edmund Bacon, Lord Sir Abra-

ham Elton, Mr. Hacks, Sir Roger Meredith, Colonel Onslow, Mr. Sandys, Mr* Conduit, "Mr. Harris, Mr. gueville, Mr. Campbell \Mr. Plumer, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Waller, Mr. Williams, Mr. Brmflon, Mr.

Cornewalf, Mr. Hughes,'Captain Vernon, Sir John Rujhpuf, Mr. Parpens, Mr. Gape, Mr. Doskmmque, £ir Geo. Cfif-wall, Mr. Finch, Mr. Glutterknek.Mr- Bayks, Mr. Mw,

Mr. Fox, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Drumond: And they ace to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's1 Chamber.

The House being informed, that Sir George Cooke attended at the Door, he was called io, and, at the Bar, presented to the-House, putfoant'to their-Order,

A Table of the aneienc Fees,..Claimed, and now-taken, by the ThreeProthonotaries-of-the Court of Common Pleas at Westminster; and a((b,

A Table of the ancien t Fees, claimed, and-now taken, by the Secondaries to the Three ;Frothonotaries< of -his Majesty's-Court of Common Pleas at Wtflm'mfler j and also.

Fees, claimed 4>y Riehard Darby only, as Secondary to the chief Prothonotary of his Majesty's said Court j

and also,

A Fee, claimed by. Charles as Secon-

dary to the-Second Prothonotary of his Majesty's -laid Court; and also,

A Table of the aneiect-Fees, claimed, and -now-taken, by the Clerks of the'judgments to the Three Prothono-taries of his Majesty's Court of Common Pfeas at Westminster; and also,

A Table of the ancient Fees, claimed, and-now taken, by the Clerks of the Reversals to the -Prothonotaries -of the said Court; and also,

A Table of the ancientFees, claimed,-and now taken, by the Clerks of the Doggets to the Three Prothonota-rics of his Majesty's said Court of Common Pleas.

And then he withdrew.

And the-Tiries of the said Tables of Fees were read.

J5

Ordered, That the said Tables of Fees do Ije upon tfc Table, to beperufed by the Members of the House.

The said Tables of Fees are bound up wjfh the ofoer Papers of this Session.

The House being informed, that a Pprfpn from foe fcetakah Return Office, for the Iprolmentspf Writ? for Fines ggjj Recoveries in the Court of Cocnmpp flttepdfd $ "*

the Door, he was called, in, atfo, at the Bar, pqefeofed to the House, pursuant to their a FfW gf the

Fee? of the said Office.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered That thje said Paper dp Jfe upon the T&ifc to be perused by the McwJber? of ffo?

Tfo? fold Paper is hound up with fof other of this Seffiun.

Mr. Alderman Child reported from the Committee, to Fulton ad whom the Petition offeveral Gentlemen, Freeholder?, fo®0* and others, living in, and near, and travelling through, the Road, called Fulham Fields, leading through the Towns of Hammerjtnkh and Fulham, in the County of Middlefnc, whose Names are thereunto subscribed,

-was referred; that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House:

And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the -Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

That the Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, proceeded to examine the Matter of the said Petition; and, to prove the Allegations thereof. Witnesses were called; viz.

Thomas Scott, and John Robinson j who, being severally examined, said, that the said Road is the direct Road from Fulham to Hammerjmith, and so to the Wgftern Parts of England; but is, by reason of the many heavy Carriages passing through the fame, in a very ruinous and bad Condition, and in many Places alnqoft irn-;

passable in the Winter Season.

The said Witnesses, being further examined, said, tfot the Inhabitants of the several Parities, through which foe said Road leads, are not able to amend the same by the -ordinary Course of the Laws now in force; and thatjt will require much -more to put the said Road into such Repair, that Passengers might pals and repais with Safety.

Ordered, That Lear? be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Fulham, in the Couaty of Middlesex, through Fulham Fields, so

the great 'Road near the Pound at Hammersmith, in foe said County; and-that Mr. Alderman Child, Mr.

Bacon, andrSiv Charles Wager, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

The House proceeded (according tQ Order) to take into Lwton,k, Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the-Sill for repairing the Roads leading from forafon Gate, in Lawton, in the County Palatine of Chester, jto the Tewaftiip of AUofleck, in the said County ..

And the Report was read:

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to -the said Bill, being read a Second time, were, qpon the ‘Question severally put thereupon, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Commissioners for executing the SakoftoA Office ot Treasurer of the Exchequer, do Jay before this House, an Account of what Proceedings have beenfod *"* since the Ninth Day of November, One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-eight, towards felling the I*ands in the Wand of'St. Christopher's, yielded by France to Gjat Britain by the Treaty of Utrecht,

' Mrio

'll

ft

Sptnish ^Depredations on American Trade.

4 Geo. II.

t 6" — 17*

&7S

k±

N

to*

S

*k

H,

S

:-rJr

kj

:Jsj

‘ffl!

' U

iK j

-ii

C3t

r;

:, L r

r

Mr. Scrope (according to Order) reported from the Cpjromittee of t)je whole House, to whom the Petition £f the fylerchants, and others, of the C(ty' of Bristol, trading to and from His Majesty's Colonies and Plan tactions in America, and the Petition.of the Mayor, Aldermen,

and others, Merchants, trading from the Port of pool, >-«> C,<j)up, tv Palatine Leafier* 19 his ^.effy's

Colonies jnfoe/^? hdic'f, wasxderie<L,thf E^oly/ions, which they had directed him to'report t,<p jtfe lio.y|e: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at tfe iGkrj&'s TM>fe jyhtfe fhf jfftmc y/?& r/rad, and is as foifeytebb; vj %

Ptfolved, That it is tfe Opinion of tfris C^g^tt^, That the Petitiofler? have fully prqyed and fipQd

the Allegations of their Petitions. 3

Rejplved, That it j$ tfe Opinio? of his OQ^niMtee, That the Hoyfe he moved, that an humble Addfefrtae presented to hU- Majesty, that he yvill be graciously p)qfl(§|d to continue Ids Endeavours to prevent the i)epi-£fiUuons of the Upwards for the future; to procure foil Satisfaction for the Damages already sustained; and to secure to the British Subjects the full and uninterrupted Exercise of their Trade and Navigation to and from the British Colonies in America.

And Mr. Scrope moved the House, pyrfuant to the last Resolution of the Committee.

And the Question hcing proposed accordingly^ That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, that he win he graciously pleaded to continue his Endeavours to prevent the Depredations of the Spaniards for the future; to procure full Satisfaction for the Damages already sustained; and to secure to the British Subjects the full and uninterrupted Exercise of their Trade and Navigation to and from the British Colonies in America;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out thele Words, " That he will be " graciously pleased to continue his Endeavours to prevent the Depredations of the and, instead

thereof, to insert these Words, " humbly to represent, " that, notwithstanding the former Applications of this House to his Majesty in relation to the Depredations, " made by the Spaniards upon the Effects of his Majesty's trading Subjects, and his Endeavours to procure Satisfaction for the fame, and to prevent the like for " the future, and notwithstanding the Treaty, concluded " at Seville, it appears to this House, that the Spaniards

have continued their Depredations, and treated his Majesty's Subjects with the utmost Barbarity; and " therefore most humbly to beseech his Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to take.such Measures, as may be effectual to prevent the like insults."

And the Question being put. That these Words, that he will be graciously pleased to continue. his Endeavours to prevent the Depredatipos of.4he.5jM- niards," do Hand Part of the Question;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas, J»7.

\ns-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Refo/ved, That an humble Address be presented <to his Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to continue his Endeavours to prevent the Depredations of the Spaniards for the future; to procure full Satisfaction for the Damages already fuftaioed; and to secure to the British Subjects the full and uninterrupted. Exercise of their Trade and Navigation to and from the British Colonies in America.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That the farther Confederation of the Report from the Committee,'to whom the Bill for inclosing the common Fields, and pninclosed Lands, lying within the Manor and Parish of Bishops Tdchbrooke, in the County of Warwick ..... be farther adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eleven of the Clock.'

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider fdrthefr of Ways and Means for raising the Sfipply granted to his Majesty, be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the Hopfe adjourned till To-morrow-Morning, Nine bf th'e Clock. '

Mercuriiy i y die;

Anbo 4* Georgii JI. Regis, 1739.

Pit a y e r s.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Jfhn S/taJio, Esquire, ,to make a fui table

Settlement upon amt Woman he shall marry, and Provision for younger Children, was read a Second time. ‘ flefolved, That the Bill b.ecom.rnitted to Mr- , Mr. York, Lord Mayor of London, Mr. Palmer, Lord Malpas, Colonel Onslow, Mr. Sa;idys, Sir Walter BagSt, Mr. Keif all, Mr. Crowte, Sir Robert Abdy, Mr. West-by, Mr. Roll/, Mr. Shiftleworth, Mr. Pltfmer, Mr. Bucks, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Secretary at War, Sir Robert Furness, Mr. Bacon, Sir Cfiarles burner, Mr. Vincent, Mr. , Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr- Shippp, Mr. Vane, Mr. Annef-Igy, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Tbwers, Sir Nathanael , Mr. Qonduit, Sir Nicholas , Mr. Dr ax, Mr.

Lyjler, Mr. Harley, Mr. Walcot, Mr. Bramjion, Mr. Gape, Sir Geo. Seville, Mr. Alderman Child, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Mr. Turner, Lord Vane, Mr. Hilton, Mr. Fenwick; ?nd all the Members, that serve for the Counties of Durham, Northumberland, and Tori: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Cleck, in the Speaker's Chamber,

Mr. Roll* reportedfrqm the Committee. to whom the Bill , for repairing, and feeping in Repair, the Pier and Harbqur of Ilfordfombe, in the County of Devon, waS committed, that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill^and found t;he feme to be true; and that the Committee h^ad gone through the B.ll, and made feveval Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to ,the., House: And he read the Report in his-Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in At the Clerk's Table.

Mr. Comptroller reported to the Hoyfe, that their Address, That his Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that if any Memorials of his Majesty's ;Minister at the Court of Spain, or any Representations by him, or the Governor of Gibraltar, in relation to the Works, earned on by the Spaniards before that Plate, have been rC^eived by his Majesty since the Address of this House to his Majesty for the other Representations, relating to the said Works, the same might be laid before this Housei together with such Orders, as have been given thereupon, had been presented to his Majesty; and that, his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint the House, that he will give Directions, that the Papers, desired by the said Address, be laid before this House.

j w

Call of th* Hoafe.

The other Orders of the Day being read; Ordered, That the Call of the House adjourned till this Day Sevennight.

V 01. 21.

The House proceeded to take into Confederation the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing, and keeping in Repair, the Pier and Harbour of llfordcombe, in the County of Devon ..

And the Report was read:

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the be further fa'td Bill, being read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by tfe House.

A Saving

BHhopt Tachbrooke Inclosure,

Wayt and Means*

Shafto's

Marriage

Settlement.

Ilfordcomhe

Harbodr.

'* j>

Gibraltar

llfordcombe

Harbour*

6 j6

tj°Ma

A.

1730.

A Saving Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, Hacks, Esqtiire (a. Member of this House) in Breach of respecting the ancient Rights and Privileges: of the Free- the Privilege of this House;

men and Burgesses of Bridgwater, granted and confirmed' , That it be referred to the Committee of Pri-

b yCharters from the Crown, , vileges and Elections, to examine the Matter of the said

And the said Clause was twice read, and, upon the Complaint, and report the lame, with their Opinion Question put thereupon, was agreed unto by the House, thereupon, to the House. to be made Part of the Bill.

£eave of

jAWence,

And another Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Ordered, That Sir George Oxe Baronet, have Leave

to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

I*j« of

Abfcfice.

Nuneaton,

See.

Inclosure.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. John Bennet and Mr. Lighthoun:

Mr Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Counry of Suffolk, in behalf of themselves, and the rest inclosing and dividing the common Fields, and common of the settled Traders and Shopkeepers therein;

Ordered, That Robert Fyner, Esquire, have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Petition of the Mayor, capital Burgesses, and Assistants, of the Town and Parish of Tiverton, in the County Man, of Devon, and of the Merchants, Shopkeepers, and Tradesmen, living and residing within the said Town; and also,

A Petition of the Bailiffs, principal Men, and Common-council, of the ancient Corporation of , in the Lord

Herbert's

Will.

Officers and Pee* of Common Plea*.

Grounds, in the Manor of Nuneaton and in

the County of Warwick; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

And allb, the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for exemplifying the Will of Henry, late Lord bert, and for making the same Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity in Great Britain and Ireland; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House,

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed, that fbme of the Filazers of the Court of Common PJeas at attended

Were severally presented to the House, and read; praying such Relief, as the House shall think fit, against the pernicious and destructive Trade, carried on by Hawkers and Pedlars, and their buying and selling run Goods, to the Ruin of the fair and honest Traders, who are not only charged with great Taxes, but also with heavy Rates to the Poor, and great Rents for their Houses and Shops, which Hawkers and Pedlars escape.

Ordered, That the said Petitions do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Winnington presented to the House (according to Office ml,

at the Door, they were called in, and, at the Bar, pre- Order) a Bill to indemnify Persons who have, through £"'4,;Bra| fented to the House, pursuant to their Order, A Lift of Ignorance of Law, omitted to qualify themselves for the Filazers of the Court of Common Pleas at Employments or Offices, by taking the Oaths, and

' minster, and of their respective Deputies, with a Table of ceivi/ig the Sacrament, according to Law, and to enlarge

the several Fees claimed by them.

And then they withdrew.

And the Title of the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Lid do lie upon the Table, to be perufd by t hr Members of the House,

The said Lift is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

liiiUtkl

Fees taken in Common Plea*.

the Time for their doing the lame; and the Bill was received.

Mr. Bramston presented to the House (according so fogaMjj Order) a Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Third Year of his Reign, intituled, "An Act

" for the better Regulation of Juries," so far as the same relates to the County of Middlesex-, and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

- Mr* Alderman Barnard reported from the Committee,

of Fees, taken by Francis Kcyte Dighton, Esquire, Ext- to whom the Petition of the Makers of . genter of the Court of Common Pleas at frejlminffer. jn themselves, and the Poot

And then he withdrew of this Kingdom, employed in the making thereof, and

And the Title or the said Lift was read. _ also the Petition of the under-written Merchants, in

Ordered, That the said Lift do lie upon the Table, to beh of themselves, and many others, concerned in be perused by the Members of the House. Navigation, and for employing the Poor of this Kingdom,

The said Lift is bound up with the other Papers of Were that the Committee had examined the

this Session. Matter of the said Petitions, none appearing upon the

The House being informed, that the Deputy Protho- Petition from the Town of Liverpool which was refeired

. _ _ . fha ( nmmiffAA «inrl hors rtiraArA/i Kim tn ranArt tnA

The House being informed, that the Deputy to the Exigenter of the Court of Common Pleas at PFe/iminster attended at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, ( presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, A Lift

Admissions

of Attorneys, notary of the County Palatine of at tended at

the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, An Account of the ' Names of Persons, sworn and admitted Attorneys of the Court of Common Pleas for the County Palatine of Lan-cajier, and the Times of their being so sworn and admitted, and before what Judges, pursuant to the Statute, made in the Second Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the " better Regulation of Attorneys and Solicitors,"

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Lift do lie upon the Table, to :be perused by the Members of the House.

to the Committee, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, together with the litmus* of the Committee thereupon, to the House: And be read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; where the Report and Resolutions were read, and areas followeth; viz.

That the Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, proceeded to examine the Matter of the said Petitions, none appearing upon the Petition from Liverpool, which was referred to the Committee; and, to prove the Allegations thereof, were called; viz.

Mr. Jo/. Chitty, Mr. James Church, Mr. John Burnaby, and Mr. Thomas Hyatn, being severally examined,

The said Lift is bound up with the other Papers of that they Sail-cloth, and find, it docs

this Session. moreService than Hollands Duck, or any foreign Sail-cloth.

And Mr. Chitty further laid, that Two Years ago he Privilege. Complaint being made to the House, that Thomas IVi/e imported 600 Bolts of Ruff a Sail-cloth, which coll him hath lately, in a forcible Manner, entered upon a Coppice and is 2 English Money; great

in the Parish of Ewelme, in the County of Oxon, and Part of which he exported, and bad the Drawback of lopped severalTrees, Part of the Possessions of William 14s. +d. Parts of a Peny, for every 120 which

is

'If. 4 Geo. II. 170 Marti/. £77

tUv

I4*.

r :*

K.

-I;-

;Ju-‘

U:

2.:;

-1*"-

Minufafiure. is called the great Handled; and for lopie Years past of Sail-cloth. great Quantities of foreign Sail Duck hath been imported into this Kingdom; particularly from Russia, which being made of Flax and Hemp of their own Growth, and ma-. nufactured, where Labour is exceeding cheap, a Bolt thereof, which is 36 Yards, costs but 5 6 d. making;

whereby small Quantities of British Sail-cloth have of late Years been made use of by the Merchants, the Manufactory whereof is in great Danger of being loft, and above -Jths Money is paid for Raffia Imports.

Mr. James Church further said, that in the Year 1743 many Thousands of poor People were employed in the manufacturing of English Sail-cloth, which was then allowed* though in its Infancy, to be very good, but are now arrived to a much greater Perfection in the making thereof.

Mr. John Butmaby further laid, that he exported 3,000 Bolts of English Sail-cloth to Spain, for the Service of their Navy, and it was allowed by them to be preferable to the belt Hollands Duck; and, if he could fell it so cheap, as they could buy foreign Sail-cloth, they had rather have it.

Mr. Samuel Gower, Sail-cloth-maker, said, that in the Year 1711a Contract was made, to furnish 30,000 Bolts of English Sail-cloth, and there was employed in the making thereof many thousand People, from Seven to Seventy Years of Age: And he added, that Ten People will make a Bolt of Sail-cloth, of 36 Yards, in a Week, the Labour whereof costs him 30 x. for the best Sort, and so in Proportion.

Mr. JVm. AJleR, Merchant, laid, that the Russia Imports are a Loss to this Kingdom near £. 200,000. per Annum, and the Exports to that Place, in February last, for One Year, did not amount to more than a Quarter of that Value: And he added, that the Russians now buy most Part of the Cloth they use, for clothing their Soldiers, of the Prussians, which they used to buy of the English, and have contracted with them for the present Year: And he also laid, that, notwithstanding Sail-cloth is dearer in Price, than foreign, yet it makes it up in Goodnels and Strength.

Captain IVm. Blakeway, Sail-maker, said, that, if J. 200,000. was paid for Sail-cloth, imported from Russia into this Kingdom, the Materials might be bought in Russia for -Jth of the Value, and manufactured at home, the Poor employed, and -Jths of that Money would be kept in the Nation, which in Proportion is sent t hit her.

Mr. Thomas Hyam further said, that Two Ships going to the East Indies, One of them used English Sail-cloth, and the other Hollands Duck; and, at their Return from the Voyage, the English Sail-cloth was belt, it being double Threads, made of Flax, and spun even; the Hollands Duck was a single Thread, made of Hemp, and not spun even, and (truck down with Tow, which they cannot use in making their Linen.

Sir Jacob Ackworth laid, that in his Majesty's Navy only English Sail-cloth is made use of, being better for Service, and preferable to the best Hollands Duck, the Thread being not so even spun, and the Shoot Yam in many Places very gouty, and little better than Tow, compared with the English: That, upon the Return of several Ships from foreign Voyages, the Officers have found, the Sails made of English Canvas, generally wore equal in all Places; the contrary of which has usually been observed of Hollands Duck, which is apt to fret into Holes.

Zepaniah Eadessaid, that Numbers of foreign Sails

are imported into England, for which no Duty is paid, and is a great Discouragement to the Manufacture of English Sail-cloth.

And all the Witnesses severally said, that, if a higher Dnty was laid on all foreign Sail-cloth, and Sails, imported into England, the Drawback taken off on Exportation, and the Duty taken off Flax, the Manufacture would be encouraged. Numbers of Poor may be employed, and enabled to support their Families, who are now a great Burthen to their several Parishes.

Vol. 21.

And several Pieces of English and foreign Sail-cloth were produed to the Committee; and it appearing to them, that English Sail-cloth was better thap foreign, and deserved Encouragement.

And that, upon the whole Matter* the Committee came to the following Resolutions; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Petitioners have fully proved the Allegations of their Petitions.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Duties upon Flax are great Discouragcments to the making of British Sail-cloth.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That further Encouragement be given to the Manufacturers of British Sail-cioth, by discouraging the Importation of foreign Sail-cloth.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That some farther Discouragement be laid on the Exportation of foreign Sail-cloth.

Resolved, That-it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Use of foreign-made Sails is a Discouragemeot to the British Manufactory of Sail-cloth.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of this Report be put off to this Day Three Weeks.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself itlto a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Heads for a Bill for further encouraging the Manufacture of British Sail-cloth.

Ordered, That the proper Officers do lay before -this House, an Account of the grols and net Produce, for Seven Years last past, of the Duty upon Flax, together with an Account, how the same stands appropriated.

Ordered, That the proper Officers do lay before-'this House, an Account of the Quantity of foreign Sail-cloth imported into this Kingdom for Seven Years last past, distinguishing each Year, together with an Account of the Duty paid lor the fame, and Low the same stands appropriated, and what Quantity has been re-exported, and what Drawback has been allowed thereupon.

Ordered, That the proper Officers do lay before this House, an Account of what Quantity of the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom has been exported to Russia for. Seven Years last past, disttnguiibifig ea^h Year.

Ordered, That the proper Officers do Jay before this House, an Account of what British Sail-cloth has beep . exported for Seven Years fall past, together with an Account of the Bounty, which has been paid thereupon.,

A Bill for-erecting a Workhouse in the Town of Mdh- Manchester cjiester, so the County Palatine of Lancaster, for the bettCi or om*' maintaining and employing the Poor of the said TWii, was read the First time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Bill be read a Second time;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth: ,

T.»tn for the ""* } m.

Tellers for the Noes, j Mafitr: j

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Barnard have Leave to charitable make a Motion, it being past Four of the Clock. Corporation.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That the Charitable Corporation, for Relief of the industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums of Money at legal Interest, do lay before this House, their Charter, and the several Licences granted to them from the Crown.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Report Billions from the Committee, to whom the Bill for inclosing the Tacborooke common Fields, and uninclosed Lands, lying within the lutlofure.

8 I Manof

678

17* — 18 0

A> 1736,

Manor and Tarish of Bishops Tachbrooke, in the County Duties upon Candles for Three Years, to Midjumaut of Warwick, was committed, be further adjourhed till last, distinguishing each Year.

Tomorrow Morning, Eleven of the Clock.

Supply BUI; Land Tax.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-one.

Language of Ordered, That the Bill, that all proceedings in Courts Proceeding* of Justice shall be in the Language, be read a

in Law.

Way* and Means.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The Cud Accounts are bound pp with the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed, that the Deputy to the fronts* Custos Brevittm of the Court of Common Pleas attended ^om*

at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, preCnted

Ptoi.

Second time upon Friday next, at Twelve of the Clock, to the House, pursuant to their Order, A Table of the

Fees, belonging to the Custos Brevittm of the Court of Common Pleas at Westminster.

Ponifting

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary at War have Leave to make a Motion, it being past Four of the Clock.

And he moved the House, That the ingrossed Bill

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Table of Fees was read. Ordered, That the said Table of Fees do He upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. The said Table of Fees is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

&r PuniQiing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better The House being informed, that a Person from the Payment of the Army, and their Quarters, might be Chirographer of the Court of Common Pleas attended

Ditta

St Albans Beads.

now read the Third time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read the Third time.

And the said Bill was read accordingly.

Refehed, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary at War carry the Bill to the Lords, and deflre... Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovify i S° Martii;

Anno 4* Georgii II41 Regis, 1730. Prayers.

/yRDERED, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term granted by an Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First,

at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, An Account of Fees, belonging to the Chirographer of the Court of Common Pleas.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed, that a Person from the Clerk of the Errors in the Court of Common Pleas attended at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, A Lift of the Fees, claimed by the Clerk of the Errors in the Court of Common Pleas.

And then he withdrew.

Ann the Title of the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Lift do he upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House being informed.

t1 ! k

Ksa.

'bW

that the Clerk of the Fewbfciii

Court of

intituled, "An Act for repairing the Highways through Errors in the Exchequer Chamber attended at the Door,

the several Parishes of St.foichacl, St. Albans, St. Jf was in> and* at Bar, presented to the

House, pursuant to their Order, A (able of fees, claimed by the Clerk of the Errors in the Exchequer Chamber.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Table of Fees was read. Ordered, That the said Table of Fees do iie upon the

<4

Peter, Shenley Ridge, and South Mims, in the Counties " of Hertford and Middlesex" that they have Power to insert in the said Bill such Claudes, as they shall think necessary, for making the said Act-more effectual.

Exiiapxr.

Brandy

imported.

Table, to beperufed by the Members of the House.

The said Table of Fees is bound-up with the other Papers of this Session.

A Bill for repairing the several Roads leading from Chappei on the Heath, in the County of Oxon, to the Quarry above Bourson on the Hill, and from Tidmington Bridge, and Stretton Heath, to the upper End of BroadwellWall, in the County of Gloucester, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Romney, Colonel Read, Mr. Annesley, Mr. Alderman Child, Mr.

The House being informed, that Mr. Oxenford, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders-,

An Account of the Quantity of Brandy, imparted

from Dunkirk to the Port of London, from Chrifim

to Christmas 1730,. and under what Denomination of Brandy the Duties were paid for the feme respectively; and also.

An Account of the Quantity of Brandy, imported from Dunkirk to the several Out-ports, from Christmas 1729, to Christmas 1730, and under what Denomination

of Brandy the Duties were paid for the feme; and al Bacon, Captain Vernon, Sir fames Campbell, Mr.

The Amount of the Value of the Exports from Mr. Digby, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Bevan, Mr. Barit, England to the Provinces of New York and Pensilvania, Mr. Bond, Sir Archibald Grant, Mr. Parsons, Mr. fufnell, for the Years 170S and 1709, 1715 and 1716, 1720

and 1721, 1728 and 1729, distinguishing each Year, ton, Mr. Ycrke, Mr. Potenger, Mr. Mordount, Sir John and, particularly what was the Amount in each Year of Rushout, Sir Nicholas Williams, Mr. Bromley, Lord the Woollen Manufefture, exported to those Provinces Morpeth, Mr. Gould, Sir Ciobery Noel, Sir Edmund from England; and also. Bacon, Mr.; and all the Members, tlwt

An Account of the gross and net Produce of the serve for the Counties of Oxford, Gloucester, Worcester,

Soap, See. Duties upon Soap for three Years, to Midsummer last, Warwick, Hereford, and Salop: And they are to meet

distinguishing each Year; and also, this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's

An Account of the gross and net Produce of the Chamber.

' ' The

Gloottfltr

k

Exports to New York*

'w

k

Duties on

to

4 Geo. II.

18* Afa.

679

Biflxops T*chbrook« lwlofurt.

The House proceeded (according to Order) to take Mr. Drummond prefehted to the House (according to into further Corifiderition the Report from the Com* Order) a Bill for continuing the Duty of Two Pcnies tnittee, to whom the Bill for inclosing the common Fields, Scots, of One-sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, upon every

ft ? 1 I*. 1 T 1 5______a. li - a I % M - _ I J C* a Da 4 f A I a m 4 L m a I I 1 % A VfA M /M" Ia 1

Dundee Town and Harbour*

*4

:!t;

; s»,

Ct

and uninclosed Lands* lying within the Manor and Parish of Bishops Tachbrooke, in the County of Warwick, was

committed.

And the Afnendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time* were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, that shall be vended or sold Within the Town of Dundee, tind Privileges thereof, for paying the publick Debts of the said Town, repairing the Harbour thete, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and the same was received.

Wigan, 4c. Roads.

laesm't,

fee. Nat.

Bristol

Roads.

Answer to

AddteL.

Mr* Winnington reported from the Committee* to

Whom the Bill for naturalizing Isaac Lac am, and Peter Korten, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrafted.

Sir Abraham Ellon prdented to the House (according t6 Order) a Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of his late Majeliv's Reign, intituled,

j!

:£li*

"! Erf

A I: vr:

V *rkf befor# Gibraltar.

, s"

l;f-

ii *' , ;> *X>

f' >;> xr- '

Godolphin'*

Nau

tmtaine'i

Nat.

Sir Henry reported from (he Committee, to

whom the Petition of the several Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, appointed to put in Execution an Act* passed in the Thirteenth Year of his late Majesty's R. ign, for repairing, widening* and amending the Roads from to in the County of Lancaster, was referred; that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House:

And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

That the Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, dated the Second Day of March Infrant, proceeded to examine the Matter of the said Petition; and, to prove the Allegations thereof.

The Petitioners laid before the Committee the Act of An Act for amending the several Roads leading from Parliament, mentioned in the Petition, whereby several the City of Brtfol-,' and the same was received. Tolls and Duties were granted for defraying the Expences

of repairing the Roads, which are to be paid for that Pur*

Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, that their pole for the Term of 21 Years, from the First Day of Address, That his Majesty would be graciously pleased to June 1727.

continue his Endeavours to prevent the Depredations of Roger , Esquire, and Benjamin Gregg,

the Spaniards, for the future; tc procure full Satisfaction Esquire, being teverally examined, said, that at the time for the Damages already sustained; and to secure to the of passing the Act of Parliament, the Roads were lo very British Subjects the full and uninterrupted Exercise of their bad, that many Parts thereof in the Winter Season were Trade and Navigation to and from the British Colonies in dangerous to Passengers;

America, had been prdented to his Majesty j and that That the Roads, directed to be repaired, being so bad, his Majesty had been pleased to command him to acquaint and Twelve Miles in Length, the Trustees, app -inted to this House, that his Majesty will not fail to continue his put the Ad in Execution, were obliged to borrow 500. best Endeavours, to procure to his Subjects all just and on the Credit thereof, in order to make the Roads reasonajble Satisfaction. passable j and, although the Money, so borrowed, and the

Tolls collected, have been duly applied, according to Mr. Comptroller also acquainted the House, that he the Directions of the Ad, yet the Roads, in the Winter had received his Majesty's Commands to lay before this Season, are in several Places very bad and ruinous.

House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, Copies That an Account of the Money, collected by the of such Memo.ialsof his Majesty's Minister at the Court Tolls, was laid before the Committee; whereby it ap-of Spain, or Representations by him, or the Governor of pears, there was collected the First Year no. 13X.

Gibraltar, in Relation to the Works, carded on by the 2I d. the Second Year £.85. os. 3d. the Third Year Spaniards before that Place, as have been received by his £ 80. o s. 1 and the Fourth Year £. 75. 8jx. Majesty since the Addressof this House to his Majesty for That the Money, raised by the Toll, being not near

the other Representations, relating to the said Works, sufficient to amend the said Roads, it will be impossible together with such Orders, as have been given thereupon, for the Trustees to put the same into good Repair, and And Mr. Comptroller presented the said Papers to the so keep them, without the Tolls, granted by the said House, with a List of them. Ad, be increased, and the Powers, thereby given, be

And the said Lift was read. enlarged.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, OrdThat Leave be given to bring in a Bill for 46 be perused by the Members of the House. making more effectual an Act, passed in the Thirteenth

The said Papers are bound up with the other Papers Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the of this Section. First, for repairing, widening, and amending, the Roads

from Wigan to Preftm, in the County of Lancaster and An ingrafted Bill for naturalizing Maria Catherina that Sir Henry Hoghton and Sir Roger Brad/haigh do Godolphin, Wife of the Right honourable William Godol- prepare, and bring in, the fame. phm, Esquire, commonly called Marquis of Bland ford, was

read the Third time. A Petition of the Heretors, and landed Gentlemen, Aberdeen

Resolved, That the Bill do pass j and that the Title be, in the County of Fife, was prdented to the House, and XowuD«T An Act for naturalizing Maria Catherina Godolphin, Wife read-3 alleging, that the continuing the Duties of Two °WU of the honourable William Godolphin, Esquire, commonly Pence Scots upon the Pint of Ale, fold within the Towns called Marquis of Bland ford. of Aberdeen and Dundee, as prayed by the Petitions from Ordered, That Mr. Leveson Gower do carry the Bill to those Places, will be very much to the Petitioners Preju*

dicej whose Rents are paid in Kind, and can only be affected by. the said Duties: That this Duty, granted to many Towns in Scotland, was thought inconsiderable, when first imposed, but is now become grievous, wheat added to the Malt Tax: That the Petitioners Rents are

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill to naturalize Mary Anne de la Fontaine, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title

be, An Act to naturalize Mary Anne de la Fontaine, Wife fallen a Third within these Two Years, occasioned by the of Charles deda Fontaine, of London, Merchant* great Taxes, and the Encouragement given to the

Ordered, That. Mr. More do carry the Bill to the Lords, Importation of foreign Spirits, to the Prejudice of the and desire their Concurrence. Coofumption of Malt at home: And praying the Con-

Vo 1. 21. Indexation

68o

18* — 190 Martii.

A. 1730.

Offices and

Employment.

deration of Ibe House, and such Relief, as the House for the Service of the Year Qne thousand Seveh hundred shall think fit. and Thirty-one.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Thar the Sam of Six hundred Sixty-nine Pounds^ Wine A Bill to indemnify Persons who have, through Shillings, and Ten Pence Half-pen remaining in the Ignorance of the Law, omitted to qualify ti>emselves for Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer on Arrears of former Employments or, Offices,. by taking the Oaths, and receiv- Duties on Malt, be applied towards railing the Supply, ing jthe Sacrament, according to Law, and to enlarge granted to his Majesty for the Service of the Year One

the Time for their doing the lame, was read the First: time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Children of iMtur?]-bori» Subjecti.

thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-one.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sam of Nine thousand Five hundred Twenty-eight Pounds, Three Shillings, and One Peny, remaining A Bill to explain a Clause in an Act, made in the in the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer for the Duty Seventh Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen on compound Liquors, and for Licence Monty for. Anne, for naturalizing foreign Protestants, which relates retailing the said Liquors, and for Forfeitures on the said to the Children of the natural-born Subjects of this Retailers, be applied cowards tailing the Supply granted Realm, Was read a Second time. to his Majesty for the Service of the Year One thousand

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. Seven hundred and Thirty-one.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

of the whole House. That for and towards railing a-Sum, not exceeding Fif-

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom- teen thousand Pounds per Annum, to be made up, settled, ing next, refblve itself into a Committee of the whole and secured, for Seven Years, from the First Day of House, upon the said Bill- March One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty, and till

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com* the End of the First Session of Parliament then next en-mittee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, to pre- suing, for defraying the Charges of his Majesty's Mints,

' vent the Children, of Persons outlawed, or attainted of and the Coinage of Gold and Silver Moneys, and other high Treatbn, or prohibited from returning into this incident Charges of the Mints, the Act, which was made Kingdom, or Ireland, or being in the Service of any in the Ninth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, forcon-Prince or State in Enmity with the Crown of Great tinuing the Duties for encouraging the Coinage of Money, Britain, who were born otit of the Leigance of his lb far as the same relates to the Coinage of Money, be fur- Majesty, from being deemed natural-born Subjects of ther continued for Seven Years, from the said First Day this Kingdom. of March 1730, and till the End of the First Session

of Parliament then next ensuing.

Colonial Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second Trade. whom the Petition of several Merchants, Planters, and time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, others, trading to, and interested in, his Majesty's Sugar agreed unto by the House.

Colonies in America, in behalf of themselves, and many Ordered, That a Bill or Bills, be brought in, pursuant others, was referred, be received upon Monday Morning to the said Resolutions; and that Sir Charles turner, Mr. next. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Doddinpon, Mr. Clayton, Sir Yonje, Mr. Scrape, Mr. Ttlfon, Mr. Kelfall,

Sir Charles ‘Turner (according to Order) reported from and Mr. Conduit, do prepare, and bring in, the feme. the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider farther of Ways and Means for railing The other Orders of the Day being read 5

the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions, they Resolved, That this House , Tomorrow Morning,

had directed him to report to the House; which he read resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to rfG«-in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's consider of the Petition of the Gunpowder-makers, and P0*-Table; where the same were read, and areas followeth;cf several Merchants, Traders in, and Exporters of,

Gunpowder to divers foreign Parts.

Way* $nd Meant.

VIZ.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That towards railing the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Sum of Fourhundred thousand Pounds be raised by Annuities, at Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Cent, per pa'l(] within a certain Number of Years, be read a Second Annum, and the Sum of Eight hundred thousand Pounds time upon this Day Month. by way of a Lottery, to be attended with Annuities,

Ordered, That the Bill to prevent Suits for Tythes, Siiu where none, nor any Composition for the fame, have been

after the Rate of Three Pounds, per Cent, per Annum; both which Annuities shall be charged on the additional Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, which by an Act, of the Ninth and Tenth Years of King William the Third, were, amongst other Things, charged with the year lyFund of One hundred and sixty thousand Pounds, payable to the united Company of Merchants, trading to the East Indies, and have since been discharged therefrom, and which by of Parliament, of the Third Year of his present Majesty* Reign, were charged with a Sum not exceeding Five hundred and fifty thou land Pounds, to be raised by Exchequer Bills, which were to be paid off out of the First Aids or

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock,

Veneris, 190 die

Anno 4* Georgii II" Regis, 1730.

Prayers.

THE House being informed, that Mr, from knrfwrf

1

_ the Exchequer, attended at the Door, he was called Tarn, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of what Money has been paid into the Supplies, which should be granted after the Twenty- Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer upon account of ninth Day of September, One thousand Seven hundred the Malt Tax for the Years 725, ijz6, 1727, 1728,

and Thirty, and, from and after the Discharge of the 1729, and 1730, distinguishing, what was paid upon said Exchequer Bills, were reserved for the future Dispo- account of that Part of Great Britain called England, and fition of Parliament. what upon that Part called Scotland, distinguishing a

Rejohcd, That it-is the Opinion of the Committee, the Years, together with an Account of the That the Sum of Thirty-two thousand Five hundred and Interupon the and a I to.

Sixteen Pounds, Twelve Shillings, and Eleven Pence Majesty's

Three Farthings, remaining in the Receipt of his Exchequer since the Thirtieth of September 1730, to the Majesty's Exchequer on Arrears of former Land Taxes, be Fifth or February 1730, on the Land Tax for the Year applied towards railing the Supply, granted to.his Majesty 1728; and also,

15 A Certificate

4 Geo. II. 19 ° M681

A Certificate of what has been paid into his Majesty's Ordered, That the said Account and Certificates do Exchequer since the Thirtieth of September 1730, to the lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of Fifth of February 1730, on the Malt Tax for the Year the House.

1728. ' The said Account Mid Certificates are as followeth j

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Account and Certificates were read.

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled:

An ACCOUNT of what Money has been paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer upon Account of the Malt Tax for the Years 1725, 1726, 1727, 1728, 1729, and 1730, distinguishing, what was paid upon account of that Part of Great Britain called England, and what upon that Part called Scotland, distinguishing also the Years, together with an Account of the Charges of Interest upon the fame.

For the Year 1725.

Paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer between Midsummer 1725, and nth March 1730, for

England ----- --. - -- - 588,828 5 9

For Scotland - -- - - - 23,000 — —

£. 611,828 5 9

s. d.

Charges of Interest upon the same ----- -- 26,521. 9. 2.

For the Year 1726. s. d.

Paid into the Receipt of Exchequer between Midsummer 1726, and 11th March 1730, for

England - -- -- - 617,514 17 4 f

For Scotland - -- -- - 20,007 18 ro-j-

£ 637,522 16 3

£. s. d.

Charges of Circulation of Bills upon the same ----- 25,899. a. 11.

For the Year 1727. s. ct.

Paid into the Receipt of Exchequer between Midsummer 1727, and nth 1730, for

England - -- -- - 497,044 8 4$

For Scotland - -- -- - 16,833 6 8

5*3>877 *5 — y

s. d. £ s. d

Charges of Interest upon the fame, for Loans - 17,959 3 — 7 . a

Circulation of Bills - - - - .1,36615 3} - W 3-

For the Year 1728. £, d.

Paid into the Receipt of Exchequer between Midsummer 1728, and nth March 1730, for

England - -- --.....551,684 14 64

For Scotland - -- -- - 18,300 — —

569»984 M

£ s. d.

Charges of Circulation of Bills upon the same - - - - 36,304. 5. 1.

For the Year 1729. d.

Paid into the Receipt of Exchequer between Midsummer 1729, and nth March 1730, for

England.....684,811 — 6

For Scotland - -- -- - 4,000 ——

£. 688,8 n — 6

Charges of Circulation of Bills upon the same ----- 30,704,. 16. 10.

For the Year 1730. £, s. d.

Paid into the Receipt of Exchequer between Midsummer 1730, and the nth March 1730,

(ox England.....36,651. 6. 6.

Charges of Circulation of Bills upon the same - - - 6,958. 3. n.

Exchequer, 19th Day of Alexander Chocke,

March, 1730.

t Vot. 21. 8 K These

t

682

190 Ma

A' 1730,

These are to certify, that there has been paid into his Majesty's Exchequer since the 30th of September 1730, to the 5th of February last, inclusive, on account of the Land Tax for the Year 1728, the Sum of Seventeen thousand Two hundred and Ninety-two Pounds, and One HaJf-peny.

Exchequer, 19th Day Alexander Chocke.

of March, 1730.

That the Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, bearing Date the Second Instant, have examined the Matter of the said Petition] and, to make good the Allegations thereof,

Mr. Joshua Lilly was called) who produced to the

Committee an Agreement, together with a Duplicate thereof, between the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens, of Worcester, and the Guardians of the Poor of the said

City, under their respective common Seals, and which be

Three hundred Pounds.

Exchequer, 19th of March iy % o.

Memorandum: There remained in the Exchequer on 30th September 1730 Paid in finee, as above -

Alexander Chocke.

2,i94

7,300

d.

3

£-9*494 2 3

Thefeare to certify, that there has been paid into r - . , r , .

hi, Myctiy's Eiehcquer fine, the 30th of Satmkr £» cuted i whereby the fa,d1 Mayor,.Aldermen, and

t7J0, to the 5th of Ftbrmry left, ioclofire, on the Malt 8"nt nf° the Gomans of such Poor, and

rp'x. r q c c r their Successors, for ever, all the Right andlitie to,

Taa for tie Year .728, the Sum of Seven thousand >n<J of k'eeping, , Hop-marketlt the Workhouse

of the fil'd City.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for confirming an Agreement, lately entered into between the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens, of the City of , and the Guardians of the Poor of the said City, for continuing the Hop-market of the said City in the Workhouse there, and for veiling the Right of the said

__________ Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens, of keeping a Hop-

' " market in the said City, in the Guardians of the Poor of

The House being informed, that Mr. Frecker, from the said City, and their Successors, for ever; and that the Treasury, attended at the Door, he was Called in, Mr. Sundys and Mr. do prepare, and bring

CHL to an<*» at ®ar> presented to the House, pursuant to in, the lame, the Crown, their Order,

An Account of the several Compositions, which have been made in pursuance of an Act, made in the First Year of his Majesty's Reign, to enable the Commissioners of the Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer, for the to the House, pursuant to their Order, A Lift of the Time being, to compound with George Towttfend, Mon- Names of the fieds in the Office of Pleas in the Court /ague Bacon, John Atwood', and John Burton, Esquires, of Exchequer, and the several Fees taken by them,

late Commissioners for licensing Hawkers, Pedlars, and And then he withdrew,

petty Chapmen, for a Debt, they Hood charged with And the Title of the said Lift; was read,

to the Crown; and also, Ordered, That the said Lift do lie upon the Table, to

An Account of the Debt, still remaining unpaid after be perused by the Members of the House.

Commit*-fionen of Hawkers,

The House being informed, that Mr. fy/rer, Deputy Officmaui Clerk of the Pleas in the Court of Exchequer, attended f at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, pfclcnted Cfcoart of£"

the several Compositions, which have been made with any of the late Commissioners for licensing Hawkers,

Pedlars, and petty Chapmen, and what Proceedings have been had, and against whom, for recovering the fame, what has been recovered, and how much is Hill unpaid, and what there is to be had towards satisfying the lame. Poor, by assisting them with small Sums of Money at

The laid Lift is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed, that a Person from the CiaritiWf Charitable Corporation, for Relief of the induilrious Coper

Officers and Fees of Court of Chancery.

legal Interest, attended at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, the Charter of the said Corporation, and the several Licences granted to rhem from the Crown.

And then he withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Charter and Licences do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the The House being informed, that Mr. James Allen, House. one of the AffiHants to the Corporation of Cursitors, ' X/r —

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, "to be peruled by the Afembers of the House. The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this SelUon.

attended at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Table of the ancient and usual Fees of the Cursitors of the High Court of Chancery, including therein the Six-pence, paid for the Seal of every Writ to the Paten- for inclosing and dividing the common Fields, and com

Memorandum: The said Charter and Licences were delivered back, pursuant to the Order of the Hou/c, of the 4th of May 1731.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An

mon Grounds, in the Manor of Nuneaton and Attleborough, in the County of Warwick, was read the First time.

Re/ohed, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Lord

Herbert's

Will.

tee of the Crown, and all other Duties, the Stamp Duty only excepted; and also,

A Lift of the Names, that the present Corporation of Cursitors consists of.

'And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Table of Fees and UH were And ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act read. for exemplifying the Will of Henry, late Lord Herbert,

Ordered, That the said Table of Fees and Lift do lie and for making the same Evidence in all Courts of Law upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the and Equity in Great Britain and Ireland, was read the House. First time.

The laid Table of Fees and Lift are bound up with Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time, the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed, that Mr. senior Worcester Mr. Sandys reported from the Committee, to whom Clerk of the Inner Treasury of the Court of King's Mop-market, the Petition of the Guardians of the Poor of the City of Bench, attended at the Door, be was called in, and, at the Ku)^< Worcester, was referred;that the Committee had exa- Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

mined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed Fees due to Thomas Gooda/l, Esquire, Custos Brevium him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the (A Recordorum of the Court of King's Bench, and his House: And he read the Report in his Place, and after- Clerks; and also,

wards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; where the Fees due to William Tullie, senior Clerk of the inner same was read, and is as followeth; viz. Treasury of tire Court of King's Bench; and also,

Fees

N iinatMf See. Incloi&t-

1 yj-

4 Geo. 11.

19" — 220

683

Dundee - Town and Harbour,

bunftab'e

Roads.

Lawton, Sec. Roads.

Expiring

Laws.

or kj before jibraliar.

nguageof oceedings Law,

Fees due to William Tu/liejunior Clerk of the outer Treasury of the Court of King's Bench.

And then lie withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Fees were read.

Ordered, That the said Lifts and Fees do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Bill for continuing the Duty of Two Penies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Perty Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, that shall be vended or sold within the Town of Dundee, and Privileges thereof, for paying the publick Debts of the said Town, repairing the Harbour there, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Orlebar presented to the House (according to Order) a Bill for the effectual repairing the Highways between Dunstable and Hockley, in the County of by enlarging the Term and Powers granted by Two former Acts, one of the Ninth, and the other of the Twelfth, Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne-, and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing she Roads leading from Lawton Gate, in Lawton, in the County Palatine of Chester, to the Townshipof A in the said County, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be,

An Act for repairing the Roads leading from the most Southern Part of But-lane, in the Parish of Lawton, in the County Palatine of Chester, to Lawton, and from thence to Henflialfs Smithy upon Cranage Green, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Colmondeley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to bring in a Bill, or Bills, pursuant to the Resolutions of the House the Twelfth Day of March instant, for continuing several Acts therein mentioned, that they do prepare a Claifie, or Clauses, to explain, and make more effectual, the Laws in being, for obliging the Possed'ors of Lands, adjacent to common Highways, to cut, and keep low, such Hedges, as are adjoining to the said Highways;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by adding, at the End thereof, these Words, " and " for removing Annoyances therein byTrees and Bullies."

And the Question being put, That those Words be added to the Question}

It passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question was put, and it waa resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to bring in a Bill, or Bills, pursuant to the Resolutions of the House the Twelfth Day of March instant, for continuing several Acts therein mentioned, that they do prepare a Clause, or Clauses, to explain, and make more effectual, the Laws in being, for obliging the Possessors of Lands, adjacent to common Highways, to cut, and keep low, such Hedges, as are adjoining to the said Highways.

Ordered, That Mr. Gybbon be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to bring in the said Bill, or Bills.

Ordered, That the several Papers, which have been presented to this House, in relation to the Works carried on by the Spaniards before Gibraltar, be taken into Consideration upon this Day Sevennight.

The Orders of the Day being read}

A Bill, that all Proceedings in Courts of Justice shall be in the English Language, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Vol. 21.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itfelfiiito a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Supply.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Supply Bill; Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the ^an" ^ax< Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-one.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Exportation of Gunpowder.

Resolved, That this House will, upon next, at

Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of the Gunpowder-makers, and of several Merchants, Traders in, and Exporters of, Gunpowder to divers foreign Parts.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Lunay2 2* die Martii;

Anno 4* Georgii II" Regis, 1730.

Piaters.

THE House being informed, that Mr. Smith, arid officers and Mr. Malthas, the Two senior Six Clerks of the Fee* of Court Court of Chancery, attended at the Door, they were Chancery, called in, and, at the Bar* presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Lift of the Six Clerks of the high Court of Chancery, and of the sworn Clerks, and waiting Clerks, in their respective Divisions, and a Table of the Fees taken in their Office j as also.

The Fees, claimed by the Six Clerks, as Comptrollers of the Hanaper, &c. and also,

A Lift of the Clerks of the Inrolments in the said Court, and of their Deputies, with a Table of Fees, taken in the Inrolment Office.

And then they withdrew*

And the Titles of the said Lifts, and Tables of Fees, were read.

Ordered, That the said Lifts, and Tables of Fees, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Lifts, and Tables of Fees, are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill for inclosing the common Fields, Bishop* and uninclosed Lands, lying within the Manor and Parish T«cbbrooke of Bishops Tachbrooke, in the County of Warwick, was " 0 ure‘ read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for inclosing the common Fields, and uninclosed Lands, lying within the Manor and Parish of Bishops Tachbrooke, in the County of

Ordered, That Mr. D'tgby do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Owners and Occupiers of Lands* Rd«ite, ice. lying in the several Parishes of Reigate and Horley, in the Rod. County of Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, that, pursuant to an Act, of the Tenth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, Two thousand Pounds were laid out in repairing the Road leading from Woodhatch, in the Parish of Reigate, by Salmon's , to Sedlow Mills,

in

684

2 2 ° Martii.

A. 1730.

in the said Parish, and the Lanes, called Horsehills, and A Tabic of Fees, claimed by Fitmer, Esquire,

Bonehurst, alias Boners, and Petterich Lanes, in the said Clerk of the Errors in the Court of King's Bench; and

Parish of Horley, which has proved inefficient for that also,

Purpose; and that the keeping the said Lanes in good A Lift of Fees, claimed by Richard Capper, Gentle-Repair will contribute much to the preserving the Road man, as Signer of the Bills of Middlesex in his Majesty's leading from Godstone, in the said County, to Highgate, Court of King's Bench at j and allb,

at the Entrance into Ashdown Forest, in the Parish of East Fees, claimed by and William Cooling,

Grinfted, in the County of Sussex, for more effectual Crier, and LJther, of the Court of King's Bench; and repairing which Road a Bill is depending in this House: al/i»,

That the Petitioners are willing to contribute, by working Fees, taken by Gentleman, Filazer

with their! earns and Servants, towards repairing the said for the Counties of Essex and Monmouth in his Majesty's Lanes, overand above the Work required by the Laws, Court of King's Bench, and the rest of the Filazcrsof for amending Highways; and it being reasonable, that the said Court,

some of the neighbouring Parishes, receiving Benefit thereby, should join therein, the Petitioners therefore pray the Consideration of the House, and such Relief, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Cox, Mr. Pelham, Colonel Onslow, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Campbell, Mr.

Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Tufnell, S'ir Walter Master of the Rolls, Sir John Ruflout, Sir Geo. Cafivall, Sir James Campbell, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Parsons, Mr. Oglethorpe, Mr. Cary, Colonel Read, Sir Yonge, Mr. Sandys, Mr, Plumptre, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Scrope, Mr.

Selwyn, Mr. New/and, - Mr. Til/on, Mr. Bacon, Sir Robert Abdv, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Gibbon, Sir

Mr. Potenger, Sir Abraham Elton, Sir John

Mr. Annesley, Sir John Williams, Sir John Shelley, Sir Wm. Stapleton, Sir Robert Anftin, Mr. Harley, Sir Roger Meredith; and all the Members, that lerve for the un-

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Lifts, and Tables of Fees, were read.

Ordered, That the said Lifts, and Tables of Fees, do lie upon the 'Fable, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The fiid Lifts, and Tables of Fees, are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Britt Thirteenth Year of" his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, kui. " An Act for amending the several Roads leading from the City of Bristol," was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Abraham Elton reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the under-written Freeholders, in behalf of them lei ves, and other Inhabitants, of the Parish of St. Philip and Jacob, in the County of Gloucester, was referred; that the Committed had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the

Bench.

ties f Surry, Stiffen, and Kent:And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's fame, as it appeared to them, to the House: And he Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it and Records. in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and

is as followeth viz.

That the Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, proceeded to take the Matter of the said Petition into Consideration; and, to prove the Allegations thereof, called the following nelfes; viz.

Mr. James Boyer said, that there is about 16,000 Inhabitants in the said Pari and

That the said Parish is very poor, and populous, the chiefest Part of the Inhabitants being Woollen Manufacturers: That the Poor's Rates are very much increal That in the Year 1725 they amounted to J. 446. and in the Years 1728 and 1729 they amounted to each Year; and apprehends, that this Year the said Rates will

Admitlion of The House being informed, that Mr. Clarke, Secon-Auomejrs. -dary on the Plea Side of the Court of King's Bench, attended at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, pre/ented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Lift of the Names of all such Persons, as have been admitted Attorneys of his Majesty's Court of King's Bench in pursuance of the Act, passed in the Second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act " for the better Regulation of Attorney's and Solicitors," with the Places of their usual Abode, when and where admitted, and by whom, since the last Lifts laid before this House; and also.

Officer* and A Tift of the several Officers on the Plea Side of Fcesof Court his Majesty's Court of King's Bench, and of their De- amount toff. 900. or upwards, occasioned by of King'* puties, and of the Filazers for the several Counties; and Trade being lessened, and the Manufacturers wanting a lf0 Employ: That the ercdling a Workhouse will tend very

Fees, claimed by Edward Ventris, Esquire, chief Clerk much to the employing the Poor, and Vagrants out of the Court of King's Bench; and also, of the Parish: That since the a Work noun- in

Fees, claimed by Mr. Samuel Clarke, Secondary of the the City of Bristol, by the great Care taken by the Guar-Court of King's Bench; and also, dians ro employ the Poor, and to punish Vagrants, ami

Fees, claimed by James Mundy, Clerk of the Rules on Persons, he apprehends, they are our

the Plea Side in his Majesty's Court of King's Bench; of that City into this Parish; the Numbers of such and also,

A Table of Fees, claimed by Edward Benton and Robert New, Clerks of the Paper of the Court of King's Bench at Westminster; and also.

Fees, claimed by Mr. Martin Lantrow, Clerk of the the great Decay of Trade, are very much reduced, which Doggets of Judgments entered in the Court of King's the great Increase of the Poor's Rate from 17 to this Bench at Westminster, and Clerk of the Committiturs and Time confirms:

Satisfactions of the same Court i and also. That erecting a

Fees, claimed by Charles Haddock, Clerk of the Bails to employ the Poor, and punish idle and disorderly Persons, of the Court of King's Bench; and also, will very much contribute to the Ease of the Parish, and

Fees, claimed by Ralph Day, Clerk of the Declarations make better Prcnifion for the working Poor, in the Court of King's Bench; and also. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

Fees, claimed by John Hawley, Signer of the Writs creating a Workhouse in the Parish of Philip and issuing out of his Majesty's Court of Kings' Bench; in the County of Gloucester, for the better and also, tabling and employing the Poor of the said Parish; and

j j that

Vagrants, and disorderly Persons, will still increase.

Abraham Elton, Esquire, laid, that he apprehends the Inhabitants of the said Parish to be 15, or 16,000, or upwards, many of which are Manufactureers, and, by

K

i:

l f!

. Supply Bill; iand Tax.

RegnlatJng Juries in litiddlesex.

Exports to Barbados, kc.

American Treaty with France in 1686.

Ways and Moans.

Children of natural-born Subjects.

4 Geo. II.

that Sir Abraham Elton, Mr. Sir William

Wyndham, and Mr. Scrope, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Charles Turner (according tc Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-one, . .*.. the Amendments, the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the Amendments were once read throughout, and several of them, being read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Wednesday Morning next.

A Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Third Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act " for the better Regulation of Juries," so far as the same relates to the County of , was read a

Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bramston, Mr. Harley, Lord Mayor of Mr. Alderman

Child, Mr. Bevan, Mr. Byng, Mr. Ward, Mr.

Mr. Turner, Mr. Cary, Mr. Scrope, Mr.

Mr Clayton, Mr. Vernon, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Clutterbuck, Mr. Fane, Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr. Major

Compton, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Selzvyn, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Totenger, Mr. Douglas, Mr. , Sir James

Mr. Wyndham, Lord Morpeth, Mr. , Mr Crowle, Mr. Pinch, Mr. Banks, Mr. More, Mr. Baron Birch,

Mr. Walpole, Sir A bra. Elton, Sir Stapleton, Sir

Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Philips. Mr Bromley, Mr. Digby,

Sir Walter Bagot, Mr. Pu/teney, Mr. Guidott, Sir John Williams, Mr. Fenwick, Mr. Newlond, Mr,

Mr. Tufnell, Mr. Cary: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do lay before this House, an Account of the Value of the Exports from Great Britain to Bar dadoes, Jamaica, and the Leezvard Islands, from Christmas, 1714, to Christmas, *729*

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that a Copy of the Treaty of Peace, good Correspondence, and Neutrality, America, between the King of Great Britain and the French King, dated the 16th of November, 1686, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain a Clause in an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for naturalizing foreign Protestants, which relates to the Children of the natural-born Subjects of this Realm.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bromley took the Chair of the Committee.'

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bromley reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Vox.. 21.

685

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir-John Rushout reported from the Committee, to whom the Petitition of several Merchants, Planters, and others, trading to,*and interested in, his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America, in behalf of themselves, and many others, was referred; that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as followeth;

That the Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, proceeded to examine the Matter of the said Petition, and, to prove the Allegations thereof, Witnesses were called;

Mr. Jonathan Sijfon; who said, that, (ince the Treaty of Utrecht, a considerable Trade has been carried on between New England, and other English Northern Colonies, and the French Sugar Colonies, especially at Martinique-, and that Horses, Lumber, Flour, and other Goods, are sent by the People of the Northern Colonies, and sold to the French, in Exchange for Molasses, and Rum, particularly Moialfes, of which the French make great Advantage, which.being formerly of lb little Ule to them, that they gave it to their Horses and H >gs, by Means of which Trade they have been enabled to enlarge their Plantations, and have cut down their W oods, to gain more Ground, being now supplied with Lumber, and other Plantation Necefl'aries, fromourNorthernColomes; vVherebv the French are greatly enriched, and the British Sugar Colonies impoverished; and this has caused the Necessaries, particularly Lumber, for the Plantations, to be very dear in the English Colonies, who can take off all

the Horses, and Lumber, they carry to Martinique: The French can't be supplied with those Necelfartes trom any other Place, by reason of the Navigation of Canada being so very difficult, and dangerous: The Northern Colonies may be supplied with Molasses, and Rum, from the English Sugar Colonies, at reasonable Prices; for Hum was fold the last Year at 11 d per Gallon, badoes Money, which is £.28 perCent. Difference between that and English Money.

He further said, that the French at Martinique fr ight English Ships from thence with Rum and Molasses on their own accounts, and fend the same to Boston, to their Factors or Agents there, the Produce whereof is laid out in the building of Vessels, and, when built, the Factors, Agents, or Builder, before they make a Bill of Sale to the right Owner, take an Oath before the Governor there, that they are not the Property of Foreigners, and that they are the true Owners thereof; upon which they obtain a Register in their ©wn Names, and the Oath taken, that they are not for foreign Service, is by these Means evadgd; and those Ships, and chiefly the small ones, are manned with English and Irish Sailors, hired by the French, and as they have Occasion, carry Molasses and Rum to the Northern Colonies, as well as to Cape Breton, from whence those Goods are carried in the New England coasting Vessels to Boston, and there disposed of, as before-mentioned. He added, that considerable Sums of Money were carried by those Ships from Barbadoes, and ourother Sugar Islands, to Martinique, in order to procure a more quick Dispatch to be given to their Loading of Sugars and Molasses, for which no more than £. 1. per Cent. Duty is paid, for the Produce of the French Islands, on Exportation; and that little else is carried to besides Molasses and Rum; but, if a Stop could be put to this Trade, a great Advantage would accrue to the English Sugar Settlements: Some of our Planters have' already removed to New Fork, and others are going, which, in a great Measure, is owing to this Trade: Formerly the Profits, arising to the Planter from Rum and Molasses at Barbadoes, was about One-third of the Value of the Produce of the Plantation, and generally paid more than the Charge of such Plantation.

8 L Captain

22* Martii.

Colonial

Trade.

Colonial

Trade.

686 2i° Martii. . 1730.

Captain Richard Natijan, Captain Robert , and Captain James Nijbett, being severally examined, confirmed the Evidence, before given by Mr. Sijfon.

Mr. Sijfon further laid, that the French have at present 300 Men, fit to bear Arms, settled on the Island of St. Lucia, £00 on the Island of St. , and 500 on the

Island of Dominique, all Subjects of 5but these

Three Islands are included in the Commission of the Governor of Barbadoes; and that the French have more Men On the Island of Martinique, than the English have in all their Sugar Islands, excepting Jamaica:

That on the Island of Hijpani there are, the King's Troops excepted, 6,oooo Men, able to bear Arms; but on the Island of Jamaica there are not many more than half that Number.

He being asked, if the French could not have Horses from the Spaniards-, he said, they could only have Mules, and those were purchased at high Prices, and by a contraband Trade, and the meaner Planters, of which there are great Numbers, could not purchase:

That the Islands of Guardalupe and Grandterre are half as large again as Barbadoes, and there are on those Islands 5,000 white Men, fit to bear Arms:

That the Extent of the Island of Barbadoes is 28 Miles long, and 14 Miles broad; and that the Governor does not receive above ,£.1,100. per Annum out of 000. per Annum, granted for his Salary, the Gentlemen of the Assembly chusing to pay the Penalty of f.£o. each, for not collecting the Salary, which, by a Law there, they are obliged to pay, because the Inhabitants thereof, since this Trade has been carried on, are greatly impoverished in many Respects:

That the English Sugar Colonies are in a very declining State; and that the Fortifications at Barbadoes are quite decayed, the Walls in many Places cracked, the Carriages broke, and the Guns dismounted.

Captain Richard Nan/an said, that he was Mailer of a Ship, which failed from Cork in 1727, loaded with Provisions for St. Lucia, and in his Passage touched at badoes, where one of the Merchants lived, to whom the Cargo was consigned; and that Merchant obliged him to stay there, and fell Part of his Provisions for Money ro carry with him to St. Lucia, to purchase Sugars, by reason the French would not Trade with him without half Money; and gave 23 s.for each Pistole, when the current Price in Payment was but 6 That he carried 500 Pistoles with him, being Part of the Money for which he fold some of his Loading, and the remaining Part was sent after him to St. Lucia, which were 400 Pistoles more; where he purchased 237 Hogsheads of Sugars, which came from Martinique, and intended to have purchased 500; but a French Man of War coming into the Harbour, he, the said Nan/an, believing, the French Man of War to be an Enemy's Ship, fired at her, to make her shew her Colours; after which the Man of War made a Signal, for all Mailers of Ships in the Harbour to come on board her, and there to shew their Clearings from the English Ports; when and where they confined the Witness, till his Ship could be got ready to Jail, which took up Six or Seven Days, and then carried him to Fort Royal at Martinique, and put him into Prison; where he continued, till he was examined by the Judge of the Admiralty there; after which he was re-Jeased; but the Ship, and Cargo of Sugars, were condemned (a Copy of that Condemnation, which he had from the proper Officer, he laid before the Committee) and from that Sentence he appealed to the supreme Council of Martinique, setting forth, that St. Lucia was a neutral Island, and that he was not liable to that Judgment: Some short Time afterwards he had his Ship restored, when he bad been at an Expence of near .200. but the Sugars were publickly fold, and the Money deposited, till an Order could be had from the Court of France.

Captain Robert Taylor, being examined, confirmed the last Evidence, given by Captain Nan/an, he, the said Taylor, being taken by the French at the same time with him and some other English Vessels.

They further severally said, that, while they were at Martinique, 16 or 17 New England Vessels arrived there, loaded with Horses, Lumber, Flour, and other Goods, which were fold, and Molasses and Rum bought, but chiefly Molasses, to carry back with them; for which they had a Writing, purporting a Permission from the Governor, or General there, so to do, because the French can't be supplied with Horses and Lumber from any other Place, iiut the English Northern Colonies, the Navigation of Canada being so difficult and dangerous; nor can they carry on their Sugar Works without them; which has greatly increased the Price of both at our Sugar Colonies, where all the Horses and Lumber, they can supply them with, may be disposed of.

And they also said, that the Spaniards frequently goto the Island of Martinique, and purchase Part of the Flour, brought from New England and New York, with ready Moneys for which the New England People have only Molasses and Rum in Return; and that a Duty of no more than £. 1. per Cent, is paid on the Export of the Produce from all the French {(lands.

Mr. John Tomlinjon, being examined, confirmed the Evidence, given by Captain Nanfan and Taylor.

Captain James Nijbett said, that he was Mailer of a Ship, and went to St. Lucia in 1717, loaded with Provisions, in order to buy a Loading of Sugar, Ginger, and Cocoa, for Rotterdam: He was obliged to carry half Money, orelfc the French would not trade with him; and the Sugars were then not fogood, as the Sugars, made at the English Colonies; but that now they are very good: And further said, that he went to Martinique, in 1721, where he was Three or F8ur Months; and, during that Time, several Vessels arrived there from the English Northern Colonies, loaded with Horses, Lumber, and Provisions, to be sold, in order to buy Rum and Molaf* fes, of which the French make great Profit: In 1718 they made no Rum, but gave their Molasses to their Hogs and Horses: And that the French can't be supplied with Horses and Lumber from any other Parts; but, since this Trade has been carried on, the English Sugar Colonies have not been supplied with Plantation Necessaries in so good or cheap a Manner, and the Prices of Horses have been advanced there about 10 or £. 15. per Cent.

And he further laid, that the Mailers of English Vessels purchase new Permissions every Year, to trade to the French Sugar Islands, for which they pay in proportion to the Value of their Cargoes; and that he paid to the Governor of Martinique 1,000 Livres for a Permission to

Trade there:

And that the French, by vending their Rum and Molasses at the Northern Colonies, are able to make much greater Quantities of Sugar from the clear Profit of their Rum and Molasses, which is greatly increased by claying their Sugars; and a greater Quantity of Molasses is made, than otherwise they would have; and by this Trade the French are able to undersell the English very much, no more than £. 1. per Cent. Duty being paid on the Produce of the said Islands:

That he went to Guardalupe, to freight his Ship with Ginger for Holland, and a Vessel from New England come

in, while he was there, loaded with Horses and Lumber, with which he bought Molasses and Rum, and carried the same to Boston:

The French Islands are called Martinique,

Granada, Grandterre, Guardalupe, Hijpaniola, and the Saints Islands; but Martinique Island is larger than either of the English Sugar Islands, excepting Jamaica:

That in 1716 the French could raise on the Island of Martinique about 15,000 white Men; and their Sugar Colonies are greatly enriched, and also increased, by this Trade, and the Goodness of the Soil: That the Islands of Grandterre and Guardalupe are much larger than badoes, and are well peopled.

Mr. John Tomlinjon further said, that he was at New England in September, 1729, and continued there till April, 1730; and, while he was there. Three or Four Ships came from the French Colonies, loaded with Rum

and

4,;

-i.

f.

:L

n,»'

n

I- \ ;r

u

Geo. IL MartiL 687

and Molasses, to Boston, where Molasses is distrlled; and that several large Distilling-houses are fef up for that Purpose: That he went from England, loaded with

Lumber, for Antigua. and, before he arrived there, which was in May last, the Planters had pulled down their Out-houses, to head up their Sugar Calks; where he fold all his Lumber for £.y per 1,000 Foot, which, before this Trade was carried on, was fold from £.4. to£. q.per 1,000; and that Lumber is become scarcer, and dearer, at New England', than formerly, from the greater Number of Trees, cut down, and carried to the French Sugar lllands: That he has known several Vessels, loaded with Horses and Lumber, to go to Surinam.

Major John Lewis laid, that he had several Vessels con-ligned to him at Jamaica, from New England, and other English Northern Colonies, to lend them 10 for

Mdalles; and that he sent by them several Barrels of Rials, to purchase their Loadings; and has bought French Sugars there for 20 Rials per Hundred Weight, which is 12 s.6 d.Jamaica Money, and would have cost at

Jamaica 45 s.per Hundred; and that little or no Rum

was at that Time'made at Hispaniola; and a great deal of Lumber is carried thither, there being but very little growing the re; and that Colony can't be supplied from any other Place, but the Northern Colonies; which has raised the Price of Staves at Jamaica from 6. and £. 7. per 1,000 to £20. and, before this Trade was carried on, the Rum, made at the English Sugar Colonies, used to defray the Charges of their Plantation, but is now become very cheap:

And he added, that the French Settlements at Hispaniola are extended from Cape Francois to Pedeguava, the Soil whereof is so rich, that they can do more with One Slave there, than can be done by Four at Jamaica:

That he knows, Vessels have come from the Northern Colonies to Jamaica, and fell their Loading for Money, which they have carried to Hispaniola, to purchase Molasses; and that the French, to make the bell Advantage of their Molasses, wrote to him, to fend Coppers, and -Stills, to make Rum, to have the Benefit of that Manufacture.

Mr. Wm. Frazier said, that in November and December, 1729, he went from Barbadoes to Martinique, and St. Lucia, for his Health, and saw about 30 New England and Rhode Island Vessels there, loading with Molasses, and some Rum, for Boston; was personally acquainted with several of the Matters of those Vessels, being a Rum and Lumber Merchant himself at; and

that the Mailers of those Vessels informed him, that, if they brought in 60 Horses alive, they paid nothing for their Permission to Trade, Horses, and Lumber, being absolutely necessary for the French, as well as English Sugar Plantations: That those Vessels loaded chiefly with Molasses, in Return for the Horses, and Lumber; which Molasses they distil into Rum at Boston, where there are near 50 Distilling-houses, and thereby lower the Value of Rum, made in the Sugar Plantations, about £.25. per Cent, by fending the same to Maryland, Virginia, North and South Carolina, to the Newfoundland Fishery, and also some to Guinea:

That he has frequently bought Cargoes of Lumber of the New England People at which when

paid for, they have carried the Money to be laid out at Martinique, and have given Two and a half per Cent, for Money, called light Bitts, being what they gain most by between Barbadoes and Matiniq and that Horses and Lumber, for Seven Years last past, have been 25 or 30 per Cent, dearer at Barbadoes, by reason of such Quantities of Horses and Lumber being carried to Martinique; and that Barbadoes Rum is £. 25. or f. 30. per Cent, cheaper, by buying Molasses at Marti, of which Rum was made in Boston, and supplied the Places before-mentioned:

That the Sugar Plantationscould takeoff all the Horses and Lumber of New England and supply the Northern

Colonies with Molasses and Rum enough, as was usually done, before this Trade was commenced.

That the French Colonies have of late very much

Vol. 21.

increased, by being supplied with storfes and Lumber, and other Plantation Necessaries, from New England, and other Northern Colonies, and also by the Consumption of their Molasses, which formerly they had no vent for: That the New England Mailers, rather than buy Rum at Barbadoes, have carried Moidores down to,

the Species of Money they lose most by between does and that Place:

That Sugars are brought from Martinique to the Vef* fels atSt.Lucia:

That lately some Barbadoes Sloops going to cut Wood

at St. Lucia, as usual, were hindered by the,

settled on that Island:

That the Sugar Colonies are in a declining State, upon account of this Trade, especially Barbadoes, Plantation Necessaries being fold there 25.0^. 30. Cent, dearer, and the Produce of the English Sugar Plantations 25 or £. 30. per Cent, cheaper.

Mr. Patrick Blake Paid, that he lived on the Island of St. Christopher' % 16 Years, and has a Sugar Plantation there, and makes 500 Hogsheads of Sugar yearly, from which he distils about 2,000 Gallons of Rum, and, if Encouragement was given, he could make 20,000 Gallons; but, as the Trade is now carried on, the New England Traders will take little or nothing in Exchange for their Commodities, but ready Money or Molasses; which Molasses they carry to Boston, and there distil: That there is made yearly on the Island of St. Christopher's about 14,000 Hogsheads of Sugar, from which might be distilled great Quantities of Rum, in proportion to what he himself can make; and that several Vessels go, loaden with Horses, from New England to , to purchase Molasses; and that a Nezv England Sloop, wherein were about 35 Horses, and some Lumber, was, by contrary Winds, drove into , where he

bought the whole Cargo.

Mr. Francis Blower and Mr. John Tomlinson, being severally examined, said, that. they were at Barbadoes in 1729; where was one Benjamin Duce, Commander of the Ship Lafcells, who had chartered his Ship to Mef-sieurs Blewett and Barret, to go from Barbadoes to Martinique, and from thence to Boson in New England, with a Lbad of Molasses and Rum; which Charter-party the said Blower, and Tomlinson saw: That he proceeded accordingly, and took in 480 Hogsheads of Molasses, and 80 Hogsheads of Rum, and carried the same to Boston, where there are several Distilling-houses, at the Risque of Monsieur Grangent ,a French Merchant, and delivered them to Captain Benjamin Clarke, who was employed there, as his Agent and Factor; and at the same time several other Ships went from the same Place, on the same Voyage, from 100 to to 250 Tons, loaded with Horses, Lumber, Cattle, Fish, and other Plantation Necessaries, and took in Rum, and Molasses; and that several Ships were building at Boston out of the Produce, arising from such foreign Rum, and Molasses: That some of the Ships were from 3 to 400 Tons Burthen; and several of them go from thence to Cape Briton, and are there made French Bottoms, and then go to to the Sugar lllands with Plantation'Necessaries; and that Duce was offered a Freight from Boston to Cape Briton, and the French Sugar lllands, which he refused; and that, when he, the said Duce, was at Martinique, several Spanish Vessels were trading the re, and among them was One large Ship, of about 300 Tons, which brought a great Quantity of Pieces of Eight, to purchase of the French Flour, which was brought from New York, and other Northern Colonies, and exchanged for Molasses.

Mr. Richard Harris, being examined, laid, that In 1730 Sugars fell in their Price 5 s. per Hundred Weight, and fell 2 or 3 s.per Hundred Weight the Year before, by reason of the great Importation of French Sugars into Europe; and that the French gain £ 25. per Cent, on their Molasses clear; which is a great Disadvantage to the English Sugar Colonies, the Produce whereof used to be worth to Great Britain about £. 1,500,000. per Annum.

Mr. Jeremiah Dunbar, being examined, laid, that most

Colonial

Trade*

688 a2s Martii. ' A. 1730.

fcohnial of the Timber, belonging to private Persons, near the That King the lid. purchased of the

Trade. Rivers, and inhabited Towns, in the Northern Colonies, Heirs or Assigns of the Lord and released the

was cut down; and the People are every Day destroying People of that Place from paying some Acknowledgements the King's Woods, and cannc" be prevented, but by great on account of their Lands j and it being necessary for his Numbers of Officers, and stronger Acts of Parliament, then Majesty, in order to reap a Benefit from that Pur-those in Force not being regarded by them: That great chafe, to have been at a constant and great Charge in Quantities of Oak Timber and Lumber, are exported building and repairing of Forts and otherpublick Works, from Boston, and the most Part of it is cutout of the King's and in Expences fof the civil Government, wherefore, to Woo'ds, and is the greatest Produce of that County for ease the Crown of that Burthen, the Island of Barbados the French Trade, and most of the principal People in took that Charge on themselves, and appropriated the that Country are concerned in it; and there has been so Duty of and Cent, for the publick Expences: great a Destruction of the King's fined and bed Pine That by an Act, of 25 Carol. II. cap. 7. Section 2d, a Trees, by this Trade, that, if a Stop be not put to it, Plantation Duty was laid, of 5 for every 112 lb. Weight the King's Woods mud be ruined: Some of the riched of white Sugar, which is not now paid, there being no Men in Boston have got their Estates by exporting Lum- such Sugars exported; and 1 6 for every 112 lb.

ber, made from his Majesty's Pine Trees, for which, in Weight of Muscovado Sugars, carried from one English Return, Molasses, Sugars, Rum, and Silks, are Colony to another:

imported from the French Settlements; which Silks are That Sugars, at a Medium; being 20 per Hundred,

generally worn there. this Duty of 1 6 per Hundred, was 7 and £ per Cent.

And he further said, that they make at and near Boston and the French Sugars, imported into the Northern Colo-fi ne Cambluts, Hits, some Linen (which is as fine, as nies, paid neither of these Duties before-mentioned; both Holland of 7 s. perEil) ordinary Woollen Cloths, and which Duties, paid by the Sugar Colonies, amount to Iron, of wlvch he has seen them make Nails, and several 12. per Cent, and this Plantation Duty, of 7 and I per of the belt Sorts of C rpenters Tools, which are preferable Cent, must be paid, before the Sugars are shipped, which

to those' sent from Great Britain; and if they are suffered is a double Hardship upon the Sugar Colonies; for, if the

to go on, they will have no Occasion to lend to Great Sugars were loft, or taken by Guarde deCofta's, or other-Britain for those Sorts of Goods. He added, that, if a wile, they had no Allowance of this Duty; whereas by Stop was put tothcfe Trades, the People of New England, the Act of Tonage and Poundage, 12 Car. II. cap. 4.

and some others of the Northern Colonies, would apply Section-4, if Goods, shipped from and paid

themselves to improving their Lands by railing of Hemp Duty, were loft, or taken, the Merchants have Liberty and Flax, and other naval Stores: to export other Goods Duty-free, to the Amount of the

That lie has seen several Ships and Vessels fail from Customs so paid for such Goods, so loft, or taken:

New England, loaded with Lumber; and that the 8th of That, if Sugars wtere brought to Boston from the British October Taft he saw Two Ships, of about 300 Tons each. Sugar Colonies, the Markets there may be so full of ready to fail, loaden with Lumber, for the French Settle- French Sugars, and such Sugars can be afforded cheaper ments: than the Sugars, brought from the Colonies,

That at Boston there arc Merchants, who are Factors, and therefore the Merchants must look out for another or Agents, for the French, who contract with Builders Market:

for Ship?, and take out the Registers in their own Names; That by art Act 7 and 8 K. III. 22. Section and they afterwards make the Ships over to the Masters, if Sugars from the Colonies have been exported

font there by the French, to bring them to their Set- from one Colony to another, and paid the Plantation tlements, which they navigate with English and I Duty, yet; if they are re-exported, a Bbncf must be Sailors: given, td carry them to some other of the British Colo-

That he has foized 2,000 Logs at a time in Nezv nies, or to bring them to Great Britain:

England, which, upon Proof they were cut in the King's If these Sugars are carried'to some other of the Woods, the Judge of the Admiralty condemned them; Northern Colonies, there may be the same bad Market, and at other Times Seizures have been made of great from the Quantity of Sugars imported there; and Quantises of such Logs, which have been condemned, if thele Sugars are imported to Great , they pay 7 but the Persons concerned cleared, tho' they have owned and £ per Cent, more, than if they were imported imme-the cutting thereof; and he ordered them to pay him his diately from the British Sugar Colonies; and, if they were own Fees, but not the Penalty, forfeited to the King; exported to foreign Markets from Great Britain, this the Judge himself being interested in a Saw-mill, for Duty would not be drawri back: converting Trees into Lumber, wherefore from whose That our Sugar Cdloriies lie under another great Dif-Judgment but little Justice can be expected. couragement; for by an Act 22 Car. II. cap. 26. Section

Mr. Forster said, that by an Act, of the 8th of King 11, enumerated Commodities are prohibited to be carried George the First, cap. 12. Section ift, Hemp may be to Ireland; and by an Act 7 and 8 K. Win. I If. 22. imported Duty-free; and by Section 2d, Lumber may Section 14, all the Produce of the British Colonies in be imported from America, for 21 Tears, Duty-free; and America is prohibited to be lent to; but the

by an Act, of the Second Year of his present Majesty, a People of New and other the Northern British

Bounty is given oh the Importation ofnavalStoresdirectly Colonies, may carry Sugars, and Rum, from the French from any of his Majesty's Plantations in Aider tea, for Colonies to Ireland, and the French may fend those Goods Mali's, Yards, and Bowsprits, person £. 1. formerchant- to the same Place in New England Ships, and both payable Tar, clear of Drofs and Water, per Ton £. 2. 41, for only the Irish Duty:

well-conditioned Pirchper Ton £. 1. for Turpentine, clear That this Trade is contrary to the Interition and Letter, of Drols, per Ton £. 1. jo s.in order to make the People of the Act of Navigation, of the 12 Car. II. cap. 18.

of New England and the Northern Colonies useful to Great Section 4th, it is dttafted, that the Produce of America

Britain, and not carry on a smuggling clandestine Trade shall not be imported from any other Place, but from the with the French, to the great Prejudice of the British Place of its Growth; but Sugars are imported from St. Sugar Colonies: Lucia, which is not its Place of Growth or Produce:

That the French Sugars, on Exportation in the West This Trade is contrary to the Act, of 15 Cat. H. cap. Indies, pay only a Duty of £. 1. per Cent, and that the 7. Section 5 arid 6, which condemn, and prohibit, the Sugars, exported from Barbadoes and the Leeward I Hands, Importation of European Goods into the English Planta-pay a Duty of Four and a Half per Cent, in Specie: tions, unless from Great Britain directly; and also con-

That thisFourandaHalf perCent.Duty was tile same trary to the Design and Intention of the Acts, of 22 in One Hundred Weight of Sugar, as £.4. ioj. Money Car. II. cap. 7. and 7 and 8 K. Wm. III. which designed is in £. 100. which was a great Charge and Load on that to make Great Britain the Staple of the Plantation Com-Commodity, and made them dearer than the French: modifies, and to make those Colonies dependent on

20 Britain,

Cota

V

Colonial

Trade.

4 Geo. II.

22°- — 2 3°

589

Britain, and one English Colony to be useful to another,

and to prevent their carrying on a clandestine Trade with Foreigners, agreeable to the constant Policy, and good Conduct of other Nations.

And he added, that the French have greatly increased in the Quantities of Sugar, made and exported by them to foreign Markets, particularly Hamburgh, the last Seven Years) viz.

Hhds.

In<7Z4 - - 7,607

*7*5 - - 9>397

*7*6 - - 9,394

1727 - - 10,569

1728 - - 7,104: And the Reason, why

there was a Decrease that Year, was, because of an Earthquake at Martinique:

1729 - - 12,750

1730 - - 14,546

The Total for the 7 Yean amounts to 71,707 Hogs-

heads, imported from France, of the Produce of the French Sugar Islands.

That Mr. Popple, Secretary to the Commissioners of Trade and Plantations, laid before the Committee an Extract from a Representation, made by the Board of Trade upon the State of his Majesty's Plantations on the Continent of America, the 8th of September 1721, which is to the Effect following, under the Title of the -chujets Bay, That the Products of tins Country, proper for the Consumption of Great Britain, are Timber, Turpentine, Tar, and Pitch, Malls, Pipe and Hogshead Staves, Whale-fins, and Oi:, and some Furs:

That Spain, Portugal, and the fVeJi Indies, are supplied from the Northern Colonies with considerable Quantities of Fish, and Lumber; and that the Commissioners of Trade are informed, that there are in those Colonies Mines of several Kinds, which might be wrought, upon proper Encouragement.

That their Trade to the foreign Plantations in America consists chiefly in the Exportation of Horses to Surinam, and, as the Commissioners of Trade were informed, to Martinique*, and the other French islands, which is a very great Discouragement to the Sugar Planters in the British islands; for w'shout these Supplies neither the French, nor the Dutch, could?carry on their Sugar Works to any great Degree, and, in Return for their Horses, they receive Sugar,. Molasses, and Rum.

That a Letter from Captain George Prothero, Commander of his Majesty's Ship Bland ford, dated from Boston, in New England, the 14th December 1730, was produced, and read; alleging that the French carry on a great Trade from the West Indies to Boston, under borrowed Names, to the unspeakable Detriment of the Plantations in the West Indies.

Then the Laws of Barbadoes were laid before the Committee; wherein is an Act, paRed in that island the 12th of September 1663, For settling an Impost on the Commodities of the Growth of that island; which Act was read; whereby it appeared, that the Acknowlegment of £.40. of Cotton per Head, and other Taxes and Impositions, formerly raised to the then Eari of Carlifte, was held very heavy; and, for a full Remedy of all the Defects, and quieting the Possessions, and settling the Tenures, of the Inhabitants of that island, all the then rightful l'offeffors of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within that island, according to the Laws and Customs thereof, should at all times repair uiito their Governor for the full Confirmation of their Estates and Tenures, and then and there should and might receive such full Confirmation and Afl'urance under his Majesty's great Seal for that island, as they could reasonably advije or desire, according to the true Intent and Meaning of the Act:

That all Payments of £.40. of Cotton per Head, and all other Duties, Rents, and Arrears of Rents, were from thenceforth absolutely released; and that the Inhabitants should hold their several Plantations to them and their Heirs for ever, upon paying an Ear of Indian Corn to Vox.. 21.

his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in full Discharge of all Rents and Services for the future.

And, for defraying the necessary Charges and Expences of supporting the said island, and other Purposes, in the said Act mentioned, an Impost, or Custom, of Four and a Half in Specie, for every Five Score, was laid upon such native Commodities of that island, as should be shipped off the fame, and to be paid to his then Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for ever.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America; and that Sir John Rushout, Mr. Bromley of Cambridgeshire, and Mr. do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 2 30 die Martii; Anno 4* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1730.

Prayers.

THE House being informed, that the chief Proda- Fee* taken in mator of the Court of Common Pleas attended at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented e*®‘ to the House, pursuant to their Order, A Table of the ancient Fees, claimed, and now taken, by John Walker, chief Proclamator of his Majesty's Court of Common Pleas at Westminster.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Table of Fees was read.

Ordered, That the said Table of Fees do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Table of Fees is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The Lord VereBeauclerk reported from the Committee, Reflating to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, Thame*5 and other Persons, whose Names are thereto subscribed, Watermen. Inhabitants of the Town of Windsor, in the County of

Berks, and also the Petition of several Proprietors and Owners of several Ferry-boats, Luggage Barges, and Coal Barges, employed between Kingston Bridge, in the County of Surrey, and Windsor Bridge, in the said County of Berks, were referred; that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, together with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; where the Report and Resolutions were read, and are as followeth; viz.

That, pursuant to the Order of the House, dated the 24th of February last, the Committee proceeded to examine the Matter of the said Petitions; and, to proye the Allegations thereof, the following Witnesses were called s

BrentReynell Sfiller, Esquire; who laid, that fiuce the Commencement of the Act, mentioned in the Petition, for making more effectual several Act. % relating to Watermen, Wherry men, and Lightermen, rowing on the River of Thames, several Owners of Ferries between Kingston Bridge and Windsor Bridge, and their Servants, have been prosecuted for working in such Ferries, they not having served such Apprenttceships as the said Act diiefts, those Ferries having been adjudged by the Justices of the Peace at their Quarter Sessions, held for Surrey, to be within the Meaning of that Act: That Four of his Servants were prosecuted for working in his Ferry at Shipperton, but the Prosecutors not having Two Witnesses to convict them, they were acquitted:

That, before the passing of this Act, be hired Persons to work his Ferry for 3*. and 6 d.per Week; and now gives 1 or. a Week, besides Lodgings, to such as are free of the Watermen's Company, although they are not

8 M capable

ifr.MartiLyr 1730.

Regulating offWorking such Ferries with so much Skill*-and

Thames Safety to Passengers'and Goods; and that, although he atermen. gives greater Wages, yet he canpot raise the ancient Ferry:1 Rates; and, should he difcbntiriue the Ferry, would bq tiable to an Iiyftftmeqt.

He further added, that, since aTT Perfo'ns Lave been excluded* but such as are, free W^terq^en, from working in Rarge^ within the Limits before-mentioned, the Price of the Carriage oPOoods had been advanced.

Beingralked, what are deemedJ Western Barge^ and excepted out of the before-mentioned -Act; said,‘ they were Fuch, as pome from Places above' Windsor Bridge.

John Sedgwick, Richard Hooper,*.. Henry Barney, and Henry Saunders, Barge matters, severally gave Evidence^ that Persons, serving ApprentiCeships to Watermen,1 are' not(so capable of navigating flat-bpttooled Boats, as those who have beehusually employed in that business none can be so capable, but such as are Bred Up thereto from

thetr Youth; thofr Boatsbftngiiavig^ed-with Pole&r 1 &-

or 18 Feet long, which require much Strength and Art to manage; and the Manner thereof 'i&juite different from Vessels or, Boats*, rowed on the River with Oars: Tha , being now obliged to employ tree Watermen in navigating their Boats, they have suffered: coniidcrible - Damages'thfough their ^releflhefs andrUnfkilfulness; tfaa Gobdson board having been fometicnes loft, and damaged; for* which the Bargemasters are dnfwerable; and; their, Bufinefi bath vei^dftch been neglected and delayqd and they are frequently put to great difficultly to get; Wafer? men; besides, Pefforis are hot willing: to ventur^|G<)qds; on board their Barges, as they^are nouMnanaged :;..*;

That, when their Barges happen to cun aground, they cannoLunload therdh, by!r^fbn People are now afraid;, if theyicorne todheir Assistance- of incurring the Penalties of theiflid; Act for so.doing.: . f

: John, Sedgwick, further laid, that he now. gives; 9s. a Week to a Waterman's Apprentice!, though formerly he gave but 8r. to a Person, who loaded and unloaded his h Barger; land about 13: Months ago he commiUeiiJ'to Bridewell for working his own Barge, not having servedt

1 ‘ r / his: Apptenticeship according to the Direction$of: the (kick

Act.: .;

The said Henry Berney zn&JVidiaW' Saunders said, like-, Wife, that the Prices, now paid by them to Waterjiaefly aae advanced from 12 j. to i6r. a1 Voyage; and that some> Voyages cost them 40s. more than usual, being obliged: to hire Watermen; to unload their Ba/ges in Drforefs y . And Bemey added, that Four of his Men were font to; Bridewell, and a Warrant wats ifl'ued out.ag^iinft him, fof-working in his own Barge, which had obliged hitiKtQ' abscond: That, if he works his Barge with Warermen*. he cannot continue his Business, without raising the Price: of Carriage. ...;

John Adrey, a Servant to one Williams, a Rargen)vfl^r>t said; that the Wages, formerly givten to.those qrrjpte)ied in Barges, were ioj. and 12 j. a Voyage; but; as the Watermen, now employed, are paid, by the Week* J heir Wages amount to neat double the Simr formerly, paid for such Voyage: That, though his Maftfer U a free Waterman, yes a Warrant was issued out agaipll him, the said Adrey, for working his Master's Barge. j . r:

Edward Goldhank and Richard Sturt, one a Gardener, , and the other a Maltster, laid, that fines; ther passing the said Act, the Price of the Carriage of Goods as canfider-' ably increased; the one pays 20 d. a Load more for Goods brought from Shipperton, and the other 2 d. in a: Quarter for Malt brought fronuCket tfey, more, than was-formerly paid; and the Carriage, of such Goods is-not so: -well performed as usual. - tj.:! j;:7 *0

And that, upon the whole Matter; the Committee came to; the following Resolutions :.v. c 1. ..<

Refo/ved, That it is the Opinion ofi this.G6mmifctee,6

Tint the Petitioners have fully proved: the Allegations,

of their Petitions.:

‘Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee^ That the House be moved, that, Leave be given to* bring in a Bill to explain and amend.an Act, patted ia.theu

Second Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, tc An Act }

‘' for making more effectual several Acts, relating to

" Watermen, ‘ Wherrympn,>nd Lightermen, rowing on " the River of Thames, and fop the belter ordering and *.* governing such \Vaterniepf Wherry men, and Lightermen."1 \ ,... !

And the Lord :. Fere Beauclerk moved the House, pursuant to the last RefolUtion of the Committee.

Ordered, That Leave ,b& jgiven to bring in a Bill 'to explain and amend an Asti passed in the Second Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for making €t more effectual several Acts, relating to ^Watermen,

" Wherrymen, and Lightermen, rowing on the River of " Thamesx and for the betrtfr ordering and governing such " Watermen, WHerrymch^and Lightermjen and th^tj the Lord Fere Beauclerk, the Lord Mal^a\v Mr. Scawenf Mr. Fotenger, Mr. Vincent, a^nd'Colonel do prepare, and bring in, the ‘ C

A biirfdr the further ephtinuing the J7ufics, granted Abcrdc« by an Aftf passed in the Parliament of Scotland in the °'vnI>elx^ Year 16^ and continued by an Act, piffled in the Year 1707, for*paying'offth^ D/efets of the Towjirof Aberdeen^ and for other publick' Uses of the said Town, was read Second time.' , f -X

Resolved,/That the Bill be committed to Colonel JG^: diet on. Colonel Onslow, Sir James Campbell, Cglohel Negus, Sir Wm* Willys, ' Mr. Lyddell, \\z* Whit worth,

Mr. Parsons, Mr. Palmery Mr, Sjlip:, Mr. Lloyd, >Ir,

Plumptre, Mr. Bladen', Mr. Baron '^Vr//, Sir Tho. Halts*

Mr. Butler, Colonel Read, Mr. Fin cent, Mr. Bramston;

Mr. Earle, Mr. Digby, Mr. Pox, M*r.: Orletar, Mr. York,

Mr. Moor, Mr. Byng, Mr. Hbivard, Mr* "Knigltf, Mr<

Tufnell, Mr, Cross, Sir Nicholas Williams[lN[\\- Luff, ^ir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Longueville, Mr. SeIwJh, Nir. Lyster; and all the Members that serve ibr^Nort//Britain: And they" are to meet ibis' Afternoon,' tit Five of thej"Clgcl^ ifj the Speaker's Changer.

Ordered, That it'fee an Ipstruction to the Gentleineo, Expiring who are appointed to bring in a Bill, or Bills, pursuanf L3"'5-to the Resolutions of the Hoyfe the Twelfth Day of March instarif, ‘ for continuing several Laws therein mentioned, that they do prepare a Clause, or Clauses^ for explaining and amending aClause in an Act, rnacje in the First Year of his MajestyTs Reign, intituled, "An Act for making the Laws, for repairing the Highways,

"^more effectual," which relates to fthe appointing of Scavengers,1 and repairing of Streets.

Ordered, That Mr. P(denser be added'1 to the Gentlemen, whdrare appointed to, bring in* the" said Bill, or

Bills. ' ‘:

..... i; j J.. .:; t . ;n.

f An, iqgrotted Bill, for naturalizing Ijfaac L,acam, ancT hacom's, &c. Peter Korten* was read the Third time. ‘ ar'

Refolded, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be,

An Act for naturalizing'^ Lacam, and Peter Korteh.

Ordered, That Mr. Winningion do carry the ill to the,

Lords, and defife their Concurrence.

A Petition of divers Merchants;, Traders, Shopkeepers, Charitable Master-workmen, and Manufacturers^ of the City of Corporation. Westminster, , in behalf of themselves, And others, was, presented to the House, and read; ajleging, that -the Charitable Corporation is ofgrea^ Use; ai^d the Benefit of being, relieved, at anealy Rate, for a Day, ora Weekv as the Exigenciesf of their Aftairs may require, is ofvaft Importauce to the Merchant, Trader, Shqpkeeper, and Manufacturer; and, for want of such a ^prporation, the Necessitous would be obliged to pledge their Goods ta Pawitbroltqxs, a,t exorbitant Interest, and for a longer time, than they may have Occasion, or to fell them to Bargain-buyers; which is now -avoided by Means of the said Corporation, the Preservation whereof is of great.

Ule and Benefit to the Publick, and a Remedy against all usurious.Practices: And praying the House to t^ke^ tJL^e Prernifes into Consideration.

Ordered,

Dunstable

Roads.

Preservation of Game.

Gatwick

Indofare.

Encourage-

ment of Cjhiage,

Offi. cs and Employments.

4> G^Oi II. 2 30 Ma,691

Ordered, That the said Petition be. referred, to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of Loin Common-council

assembled, is referred.

A Bill for the effectual repairing the Highways between Dunstable and Hockley, in the County of

by enlarging the Term and Powers,' granted by TwO former Acts, One of the Ninth, and the other of thb Twelfth, Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Bytig, Mr. Lydde/l^ Mr. Clayton, Sir Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Wither, Mr. More, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Earle, Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Bond, Colonel Onslow, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Burton, Mr . Plumer, Mr. Tower, Mr. Gregory, Mr.

Mr, Winnington, Colonel Read, Mr. Fox, Mr;

Mr. Howard, Mr. Thompson, Mr. , Mr. Lyster, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Selwyn Mr. Levefott Gower, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Mr. Palmer, Sir Thomas Reed, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Andrews, Mr Heathcote, Mr. Hucks, Mr. Crispe, Mr. Nicoll, Sir James Campbell; and all the Members, that l'erve for the Counties of Bedford, Bucks, and Northampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for the better Preservation of the Game, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That ihe Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That i his House will, upon Monday Morning nexr, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. 'Thomas Bonnet and Mr. Burroughs:,

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bilt intituled, An Act for making Divisions, Inclosures, and Allotments, of the open Corn" Fields and Failures in the Lordship of Catr wick, in the County of York, and for settling and efla-blishing the Payment of a yearly Sum to the Rector of Cal withr aforesaid, and his Successors, in lieu of Tythes, pursuant to Agreement between the present Rector, and Proprietors of the said Lands , to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Conduit presented to the House (according to Order) a Bill to continue the Duties for Encouragement of the Coinage of Money; and the same was received.

A Bill to indemnify Persons who have, through Ignorance of Law, omitted to Qualify themselves for Employments or Offices, by taking the Oaths, and receiving the Sacrament, according to Law, and to enlarge the time for their doing the fame, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning nexr, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Inflrudion to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, to quiet and indemnify Members of Corporations, who have neglected to take the Oaths'required, upon their being admitted Members of such Corporations, and for rendering their Acts valid, notwithstanding such Omission, upon their taking the said Oaths within a Time to be limited.

Ordered, That it be an I nft.ru ft ion to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, to

Vol. 21.

indemnify such Persons, who have not read the Common Prayer, and declared thef AlTent and Consent to the ‘ '

fame, within the time limited by the Act, made in thd Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King C the Second,

intituled, An Act for the Uniformity of publick " Prayers, and Admirilstration of Sacraments, and other " Rites and Ceremonies, and for establishing the Form of " making. Ordaining, and consecrating, Bishops, Priests,

and Deacons, in the Church of England."

Mr. Scrope reported from the Committee, to whom the Woollen Petition of several Matters, and Members, of the Com- Manufacture, pany of Weavers within the City of Bristol, and other Petitions from the said City, and also the Petition of the Merchants bf London, trading to Spain and Portugal, and the several Petitions from the following Places, viz.

Nottingham, Gloucestershire, Chalford, Exeter,

Cirencester, Tiverton,' Taunton, Honilon,

Coventry, Gloucester, Bedminfer, Pensford, Great rinoton, T(dbury, Bodmyn, Cutlumpt on,1

Totnts, Leeds, Camelford, Oakhamptoh, St. Edmund's Bury, Rofiney, Newbury, Sudbury, Minehead, Norwich,

Rochdale and Oldham, Wilton, Plymouth, Bradninch,

Leicester, Hallifax, Launceflon, ' Lime Regis,

Kettering, Tavstock, Oxon, Nezvport, New Sarum, Crediton, Ashburton, and Eastand West relating to the great Decay of the Woollen Manufacture, which the Petitioners attribute to fraudulent Exportations and funning of Wool from this Kingdom, and Ireland, and Woblleri Goods, thoroughly manufactured in Ireland, to foreign Parts, and also relating to Yarn, imported into this Kingdom, were referred, which Committee was also ordered by the House to consider of the Laws in being to prevent the clandestine Exportation of Wool from Great Britain and Ireland, and what further Provisions maybe necessary for preventing thereof; that the Committee had considered the said Laws, and had examined the Matter of the said Petitions, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, together with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afteN wards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; where the Report and Resolutions were read, and'are as followeth; vizf That, to prove great Exportations and Runnings of vast Quantities of unwrought Wool, as complained of, from this Kingdom, and of Wool, and Woollen Goods manufacture^, from Ireland into foreign Parts, contrary to Law, and of Woollen Goods, fraudulently manufactured for the Sake of the Wool only, tending to the Ruin of the British Manufactures, the following Evidence.was given:

Mr. Henry Diston said, that in August last he saw, in his Passage from Leige to Aix la Chapel/, several Waggons, loaden with Wool, which, as he was informed by the Inhabitants, was either English or Irish Wool,

Mr. John Murm said, that in 1726 he saw at Leiden several Skins with the Wool on; and in July 1726, he saw at Rotterdam several Packs of Wool, which he took to be Irish-, and was there informed, that 200 Todds of British or Irish Wool are usually worked up with the like Quantity of foreign Wool; which makes t eir Woollen Manufactures vendible. at a much higher Price, than otherwise they chuld be: That Flemish Wool is much coarser, than the English or Irish Wool, and cannot be worked up, without mixing it with ours: That between Menen and Lijle he saw Two Waggon Loads of English Wool, and also saw several Cheneys and Calitnancoes, which they cannot make without British or Irish Wool:

That he was lately informed in Ireland, that they could fend but very little Wool to England, it being 1 \d. per Pound dearer than English Wool; and that they should be glad, if Wool, and Woollen Yarn, might be imported from thence to England Duty-free: That Woollen Cloths are exported from thence to Holland, and France; and it is customary abroad to work up One-third of English Wool with Two-thirds of French; whereby they are

enabled

23" Martii. A. 1730.

Woollen enabled to undersell us very much: And he instanced in ManufuAure same of Stockings, £.20. Cent. He produced Samples of Wool, very loosely and fraudulently worked up, as for Coverlets, but of no Use or Advantage, only for the Sake of the excessive Quantities of Wool put therein: And that Wool has been run in Barrels.

Mr. Joseph Daltera said, he had seen Bay Yarn packed

up in Beef Calks, for Exportation, as Beef; and gave Evidence of frequent Exportations of Wool to France; and that several Weavers, with their Looms, and Tackling, are gone thither from Ireland.

Mr. Daniel IVebb said, he had seen Yarn, which was put up in a Flour Calk, for Exportation, as Flour, and was seized by the Custom-house Officers: And he produced a Sample of it.

Mr. Emanuel Hill laid, he had been in and

worked there as a Wool-comber; and saw there Two Ships, of about 20 or 30 Tons each, loaden only with Wool, One of which he helped to Unload, and was told by the Sailors, that they came from Scotland: That Wool in Ireland is 10 s.9 per Stone, and Wool, for making Bay Yarn, is about 7 Stone: That there is never above 1 s. per Stone Difference between and Irish Wool; and lad Year Irish Wool was about 8 s. or 8 s.6 d. per Stone.

Mr. David Bindon said, that the French cannot make Cloth fogood with all Spanish Wool, as when mixed with English or Irish Wool; and therefore they usually put One Stone of English Wool to Two of their own: That the Price of Wool in Ireland is 10 j. 9 per Stone, at j61b. to the Stone, since the French have taken off the Prohibition of Bay Yarn: That, if the Duty continues in England, they will fend very little to England; and that last Year Wool in Ireland was sold at 8f. or 8j. 6d. per Stone.

Mr. Robert Trevet laid, that at Haverdegrace, in France, he saw Two Ships, loaden with Wool, some packed up in Tubs, and iorne loose, for which they asked Six Livres and a half per Pound; and that the Sailors were lri/hmen: That he had been at the (crewing of-Wool into little Barrels, about the Bigness of Butter Firkins; had seen Sheep (heered abroad; and that their Wool was not to compare to the Wool: That he

had worked up, in Mr. Laws's Manufactory in France, several Pieces of Cloth, One-half English and Irish Wool, and the other foreign Wool: That at he had lcen

several Stuffs weaving by an Irish Weaver, who worked up about Two Packs of French Wool to One of English: And laid, that the more English Wool they use, the better is the Manufacture; and what they fell, made up with their own Wool only, is not vendible at foreign Markets.

Mr. Giles Vincent gave Evidence of Irish Camblets being frequently exported to Lisbon; and laid, there is 30 Cent. Difference between Irish and English Camblets.

Mr. Thomas Uigham said, that, since the Prohibition of Silk from Turkey by way of , there has been a

great Decay in the Woollen Manufactory here.

Mr. Thomas Allen gave an Account of great Quantities of raw Silk, annually imported from in

France, to Ireland, and of Mohair Y am; and laid, that a Bale of Sherbaffe Silk is worth £.130, and Bales of Cloth, One Bale with another, are from 50 to £.60, and that the French can fell their Cloth cheaper in Turkey, than the English can.

Mr. Charles Lock said, that French Cloth is not near so good as the English if it be not mixed with English, or Irish Wo'ol, as they usually do: That about Seven Years since the Turks laid a Duty of per Cent, on all English Cloths, brought by way of Leghorn: And lie gave an Instance of English Marks being changed to French upon that Account.

Mr. Joseph Vale, who had lived 12 Years at Lisbon, said, he had leen Camblet Stuffs imported thither from Ireland in Barrels, which Stuffs were very much creased thereby; but that they have a Method, with a Sort of a Hand Calendar, to make them smooth again; and that

61

in June last be bought 200 Pieces at Cork, to be delivered to him at Lisbon.

Mr. Thomas Allen, being again examined, said, there was a Stop put to fending Cloth from Leghorn to Turkey for some time, by reason of the Duty of Twenty per Cent. laid thereon.

Mr. Nathanael Cambridge said, that there is a Duty of £.5. 3J. 6 d.upon every Last of Rape Seed, made, in Ireland; and that Foreigners have the Advantage of 2 f per Cent, against us: That there is used Four Pounds of Oil to aolb. of Wool, and tooib. of W'ool to a Cloth, and 20 Pints of Oil to a Piece of Cloth; and Foreigners have a great Advantage, viz. 31. nhd. where the English have but 3 s. 9 d. in a Piece of Cloth, generally fold for about £.4. i or. or £.5 per Piece: That the Ipwcft Price he has known English Rape Seed fold for, was 2 s.id. per Bushel, and the highest 5J. per Bushel; and the lowed Price in Ireland 6 and the highest Price 3 s. 6d.And he said, he believes, there is no Difference in the Goodness between English and Irijk Rape Seed.

Mr. John Slater produced a Piece of Woo), very loolely and fraudulently worked up, as Bays, or Wadding, very coarse, for the Sake of the Wool only, weighing about Five, or Six Pounds; and which, he laid, he could unravel in half an Hour; and could afford to work it up in that manner for a Halfpenyper Pound.

Mr. Thomas Vere said, that he is an Exporter of Woollen Goods; and that in the Year 1728, finding a Declension of the Sale of the English Woollen Manufacture at Lisbon, he procured an Account to be taken out of the King of Portugal's Books, at the Custom-house at Lisbon, of the Irish Camblets, that had been entered therefor that Year, the Amount of which appeared to be above £.33,000 Sterling; and that from January 1728, to October 1729, the Amount of the Goods, entered at the Custom-house at Lisbon from Ireland, was upwards of £.30,000 which paid a Duty of 23 per Cent. and that his Friends wrote him from thence, that by the Nature of the Package, they had reason to believe, that was not One-third of the Quantity, that had been imported into that Place, within that time, from Ireland, of Worsted Camblets only:

That it is not only Camblets, that are sent from Ireland, but several other Species of Woollen Goods, in large Quantities; which the Irish fell at Ljbon cheaper, than the English Merchants can buy them at home.

Mr. John Guertiey said, that there are several Goods made at Nonoich, partly for home Consumption, and

partly for foreign: The narrow Camblets are exported to Lisbon, but the said Manuftufture of late has been in a very declining Condition: That Sailors have Libertyof carrying some Goods from Ireland abroad, which, if prohibited, would be a Means to prevent their exporting greater Quantities, than they are now allowed by Law: That he had enquired in Ireland and Holland concerning the Exportation of Wool from Ireland to France, and other foreign Countries, and had received certain Information, that very great Quantities were constantly exported from that Nation That this was of such Service to the French and other Foreigners, in their Manufactories, that they could not work their own Wool into Stuffs without it; but that they could mix Two-thirds of French Wool with One-third of EngliOi or Wool, and with this Mixture could make Stuffs vendible at foreign Markets, to the Prejudice of those exported from England:

The Quantity of Wool, that has been exported from Ireland, is judged by Persons, that have made particular Enquiry, and leen a great deal of it abroad, to be 200,000 great Stone a Year; but if there be but Half that Quantity, and they, mix Two thirds of their own with One-third of Irish, that it will make 300,000 great Stone, or that Mixture, which being combed, and lpun into Yarn, and that Yarn made into Worsted Stuffs, their Worth is at lead £.450,000 Sterling, of which the Labour of the

4

4 Geo. II. ' 'i-y Martii. 693

Poof is ^.'360,000. from whence he concludes, that, if we can prevent Hie French, or other Foreigners, ftom getting this 100,000 Stone of English of Wool, it would promote the Labour of the Poor of this Kingdom

360,000. a Year, and increase the Exportation of our Woollen Manufactures to foreign Markets at lealt f.450,000. a Year. ' '

The Exportation of the Woollen MariufaCHire from Ireland have in-a very particular Manner affected the Goods made at Norwich, and in the County of Norfolk, that were called Narrow Cam'blets, the Generality of whiCh were formerly exported to the Portugal Markets, but are now almol't run out by thofeex ported from /m land, which are there fold near 20J>er Cent, cheaper, than thafe made in England; and it is absolutely fteceflary, to remedy this Evil, to take oft' the Doty, now paid in England on the Importation of Irish Yarn, and to open the -Ports near the Places, where Irish Wool and Yam are usually manufactured, that thereby the Manufacturers may make then' Goods as little dearer, than they are made in Ireland, as ppjlible.

That the Manufacturers in and Norfolk lie

under such a Hardship, as the Law now stands* respdCting the Importation 01 Irish Wool and Yarn, by reason of the Duty paid for it, and the Land Carriages irom the Pork of Importation, to which it is now confined* that, unless they have ionic Relief in that particular, they-arc not able to item the Tide of the Irish Manufactures in foreign Markets; for the Land Carriage, and other Charges, that now attend them, on the Importation of Irish Yarn, is at least Six per Cent, more, than it would be, if they could bring it either to the Port of London, or Yarmouth, directly from Ireland, and on the Importation of Wool, at the present Prices of Wool in Ireland, about 1 "J per Cent, and at the usual Prices, which it bore fouac Years since, about 25 or 30 per Cent.

To prove which, he produced several Computations.

Mr. Richard Champion said, That what he offered to the Committee, was as an Englishmen, and not as a Tradcfinan of any particular Place: That he thought, the opening die Ports, for Importation of Wool, would be of dangerous Consequences, and what had been formerly rejected, upon Applications of that Sort: That the bringing of Wool from Ireland to the Eastern or Northern Parts of England will give the Irish People an Opportunity of more ealy running it into France, Flanders, and Holland-, for they will pretend to be drove into the French or other Ports by Strci's of Weather, when they are only seeking a better Market.

That they will be tempted to defraud the Insurers; and that the Yarn, if it lies long on board, will heat, and sufi'er great Damage: That it is more for the Advantage of the Manufacturers in Norfolk to have the Yarn from Cork to Bristol, and so to j Norfdian it is to bring it directly from Cork to Yarmouth.

To prove which, he also produced several Computations.

Mr. Joseph Hitchcock fa id, That he had been Masterof

a Ship, and was well acquainted with the Coast of England and Ireland: That, if the M ind is at South-weft, that Wind will carry Ships directly from Ireland to Bristol: That there arc Twelve Points of the Compals, which will carry a Ship from Cork to Band but Three, that

will carry a Ship from Cork to Yarmouth: That in a South-weft Wind a Ship cannot get out of to double

the Lizard, or the Ifiupd of Sci That the Wind is in the South-weft Corner Two-thirds of the Year; and, if diat is the Cafe, it is Two-thirds of the Chance of the "Wind, and Three-fourths more of the Compals; then putting those Numbers together, with Four times the Distance, makes it not less than Twenty-four to One; and allowing, he was doubling Two Days to Bristol, he should be Forty-eight to Yarmouth; and, if the Wind was not fair, he might be Three or Four Months going to Yarmouth.

Mr Thomas Eades said, That the longer Yam lies.on

board a Ship, the worle it is, because, when it is heated, it will not work well, and it lofps, the Colour; and, if it lies but a Month's time, it will be damaged; and, as

Vol. 21.

soon as it heats, it damages: Yarn will not heat'by lying in a Room; and, when a Pack is opened, it is ealy to difeern, whether it is new I'am, or has lain any time:

Mr. Robert Devere! said, That he had dealt'in Yrarn several Years, and had never any Meat, after he had it, if it had not been heated on board, before it came to his Hands;

Mr. Henry Torige, a Manufacturer of Bristol, said, That he had made Observations several times, that, w hen' Yarn, Imported at BriJlbt, had a short Passage, it came over ip good Quality, and without Damage; on the Contrary, when i,t had been, on board Three Weeks, or upwards, and heated in the itold, it w as One-eighth less in Valuer and, when continued longer on board, be had known it hast decreased much more in its Value; so that it would nqt, make so good a Fabrick when manufactured, and he would not purchase the Yarn upon aby Terms, by reason the Poor could not get their Bread by it: That, if lie lived at Norwich, he should rather chuie to have the Yarn imported into Bristol from Ireland, and brought by I^ind

Carriage to Norwich, thpn to have it imported from Ireland to Yarmouth-, and that there-is not one and a half per Cent. Difference, exclusive of die Hazard of Damage by heating on board Ship, nor Three-fourths per Cent. when manufactured; which, he conceived, was not an Equivalent for the Hazard of a Wreck upon the Coast of France.

It appeared to the Committee, upon the Examination of some of the Commissioners of the Customs, and their. Officers, that great Care has been taken to prevent i'rau^ dulent and clandestine Exportations and Running of Wool, contrary to the Laws now in being; and that great Quantities have bpen discovered, and seized.

Estimates were laid before the Committee, by the Commissioners of the Customs, of the Quantities of Wool, -and Woollen and Bay Yarn, imported from Ireland to this Kingdom for several \7ears past, with the Duties thereon.

And several Schemes, or Proposals, for remedying the Mischiefs complained of, were laid before the Committee.

And, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to, the following Resolutions; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the lait Clause in the Act, made in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, for continuing several Laws therein mentioned, and for explaining the Act, intituled, "An Act to prevent the " Exportation of Wool, out of the Kingdoms of Ireland " and England, and into foreign Parts, and for the Encouragement of the Woollen Manufactures in the Kingdom of England,"be further explained, or repealed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a most properWay to prevent the running Wool from Ireland, will be by encouraging the Importation of Worsted, Woollen and Bay Yarn, from thence into this Kingdom.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the enforcing die Act, of the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, for burying in Woollen, by augmenting the Penalty, and extending it to the Plantations in America, and the Islands, will be very much for the Advantage of the Woollen Manufacture of Great Britain.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Heads for a Bill for more effectual preventing the Exportation of Wool from Great Britain, and of Wool, and Wool manufactured, from ' to

foreign Parts.

The Order, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, to consider of the Petition of the Gunpowder-makers, and of several Merchants, Traders in, and Exporters of Gunpowder to divers fereign Parts, being read;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to consider of the Duties upon Salt-petre and Brimstone.

8 N Then

1

Woo'lfn

Manufacture.

Exportation of Gunpow* der.

{j

Punishing Mutiny and Desertion.

Claridge'f

Name.

Godolphin's

Nat.

Fontaine's

Nat.

De Salis' Nat.

Duke of Chandos' Estate.

Clayton's

Estate.

Call of the House.

Manufacture of Sail-cloth.

Children of natural-born Subjects.

Wool, &c. imported f rom Ireland.

694

23° — 24'

A, 1730.

Then- the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Perry took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Perry reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Thomas Bennett and Mr. Burroughs:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling Richard Ctaridge, Gentleman, and his JfTue, to take and use the Surname of Turner; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Catherina G, Wife of the honourable William Godolphin Esquire, commonly called

Marquis of Bland ford; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to naturalize Mary Anne de la Wife of Charles

de la Fontaine, of London, Merchant; without any Amend-

ment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to naturalize Hicronimusde Salis, Esquire; without any

Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for velting several Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, therein mentioned, in James Duke of Chandos, and his Heirs, in pjurl'uance of certain Articles of Agreement, made on the Marriage of his Son, Henry Esquire, commonly called Marquiy of To

which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this' House: And also.

The Lords ha.ve passed a Bill, intituled, An Act, for the Sale of the Estate, late of Mary Clayton, deceased, in the County of Bucks, entailed by her Will, for Payment of the Debts and Legacies charged thereon, and for laying out the Overplus of the Moneys, arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the like Uses: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That, the Call of the House be further adjourned till this Day Fortnight.

Resolved, That this House w ill, Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock, refblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Heads for a Bill for further encouraging the Manufacture of British Sail-cloth.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom die Bill to explain a Clause in an Act, made ifl the Seventh Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for naturalizing foreign Protestants, which relates to the Children of the natural-born Subjects of this Realm, ... be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Cary have Leave to make a Motion, it being palt Four of the Clock-

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That the proper Officers do lay before this House, an Account of what Wool has been imported into this Kingdom from Ireland, from Christmas One thousand Seven hundred and Fifteen, to One thousand

Seven. hundred and Twenty-nine; distinguishing, each. Year.

Ordered, That the proper Officers do lay before this House, an Account of what Woollen and Bay Yarn has been imported into this Kingdom from Ireland, from Christmes One thousand Seven hundred and Fifteen, to Ch rift mas One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-nine; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That the proper Officers do lay before this House, an Account of the Duty paid for Woollen and Bay Yarn, imported into this Kingdom from Ireland, from Christmas One thousand Seven Hundred and Fifteen, to Christmas One tliQufend Seven hundred and Twenty-nine; distinguishing each Year, and how the dune frauds appropriated.

And then the House adjourned tiU Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 24® Martii;

Anno 4* Georgii a41 Regis, 1730.

P*AYER9.

AN rrtgrofled BiR from the Lords, intituled, An Act CUy* for die Sale of the Estate, late of Mary Clayton, deceased, in the County of Bucks, entailed by her Will, for Payment of lipr Debts and Legacies, charged thereon, and for laying out the Overplus of the Moneys, arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the like Uses; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Dufcof for vesting several Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, therein mentioned, in James Duke and his £"K‘

Heirs, in pursuance of certain Articles of Agreement, made on the Marriage of his Son, Henry Brydges, Esquire, commonly called Marquis of Carnarvon, was read the First time. "

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Complaint being made to the House, That Prifikp,

John Metcalf, w ho pretended to be an Attorney, of Barnard's Inn, Elizabeth Langford, Thomas Paine, Cooke, a Bedstead-maker, Tankard, a Shoe-maker, and Sea-croft, with divers other Persons, assembled in a riotous Manner, did on Sunday, the Twenty-first Day of March, instant, in the time of divine Service, in a forcible Manner enter into the George Inn on in the Parish of

St.Sepulchre's, London, Part of the Estate of Francis Annejky, Esquire, a Member of this House, and did seize and carry away divers Goods, distrained by the said Mr. Annejley, for Rent due to him; and that llil-

liam Davis, a Carman, did assist in conveying away Part of the said Goods; in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Matter of the said Complaint; and report the feme, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

The House being informed that Mr. TVaplc, from the fewttknk Accomptant General of the Court of Chancery, attended Court of at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented c to the House, pursuant to their Order, A Lift of Fees, claimed by Francis Cudworth Masham, Esquire, Accomptant General of the Court of Chancery.

And then he withdrew.

And the Tkle of the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Lift do He ujion the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Lift is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Roberts, from pK, taken ;n the Foreign Appofer in the Court of Exchequer, attended Court of at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented E*.to)«?-5 ' to

trail

liT.

ff-r

4 Geo. II. 149 Martil. *93

FVi.;

A.

in;-,

'"tf,

4l

Expiring

Laws.

[i,;.

i(,r

Officers and «\ Fees ot Court of Chancery.

1,1;

.*! a

y PlecknoO , Jociofuie.

X'L

r

Fulham and m' Hammer-faith Road.

to the House, pursuant to their Order, A Lift of Fees, Town of in flic County of Midtllefer, through

claimed by Francis Cudworth Masham, Esquire, Foreign Fulham Fields, to the great Road near the Pound trt Ham?

Appofer, firom all Sheriffs of Counties, Cities, and Towns, mcrfmish, in the had County: And the same was ip-at their Appolal, upon the Summons of the Green Wax, ceived. and for making out the Justices Wastes, when craved by the Sheriff, and also the Fee for the Liberty of the Dutchy A Petition of divers Merchants, Traders', Shop- Charitable of Lancaster, and of Lords of Liberties, when they claim, keepers, Silk Weavers, Master Workmen, and Manu- Corporation,

and other casual and accidental Fees. fctfturers, Freemen, and inhabitants of the City of Lon*

And then he withdrew. don, and Suburbs, in behalf of themselves, $ud others. And the Title of the said Lift was read. was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the

Ordered, That (he said Lilt do lie upon the Table, to Charitable Corporation is of great use, and the Benefit of be peruled by the Memliers of the House. ' being relieved, at an ealy Rate, for a Day, or a Week, as

The laid Lift is bound up with the other Papers of the Exigencies of their Affairs may require, is of vast

this Session. Importance to the Merchant, Trader, Shopkeeper, and

Manufacturer; and, for want of such a Corporation, the Ordered, That it be an Inst raft ion to the Gentlemen, Necessitous would be obliged to pledge their Goods to who are appointed to bring in a Bill, or Bills, pursuant to Pawnbrokers, at exorbitant Interest, and for a longer the Resolutions of the House, the Twelfth Day of March lime than they may have Oceatiou, or to fell them to instant, for continuing several A fits therein mentioned, Bargain-buyers; winch is now avoided by Means of the that they do prepare a Clause, or Clauses, for the more said Corporation, the Preservation whereof is of great eftefitual punishing Persons, who shall steal Lead, or Iron Use and Benefit to the Publick, and a Remedy against Bars, fixed to the Freehold of any Dwelling-house, Out- usurious Lendings, complained of by the Petition of tho house, or other Building whatsoever. Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of

Ordered, That Mr. Crofie be added to the Gentlemen, London, in Common Council assembled: And praying who are appointed to bring in the said Dili, or Bills. that they may he heard by their Counsel, what they have

to offer against the said Petition.

The House being informed^that Mr. Goldefbrottgh, the Ordered, That the said Petition be, referred to tire Con-fcnior Deputy Register of the Court of Chancery, at- sideration of the Committee of the whole House to whom tended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, pro- the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Com* fented to the House, pursuant to their Order, A Lilt of mons of the City of London, in Common Council at the liegilters of the Court of Chancery, and the Clerks fembfed, is referred; and that the Petitioners be heard in their Office, together with a Table of the liegilters by their Counsel, if they think fit, before the said Corn-Fees. mittee, against the said Petition,

And then he withdrew. A Petition of the Charitable Corporation, for Relief of

And the Title of the said Lift and Table of Fees were industrious Poor, by assisting them with finall Sums, upon read. Pledges, at legal Interest, was presented to the House,

Ordered, That the said Lift and Table of Fees do He and read; alleging, That they had acted nothing con-upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the trary to their charter and Powers, granted them; and lioule. that they have been of great Benefit to the Trader and

The said Lift and Tabic of Fees are bound up with the Manufacturer, as well as to the Poor, and greatly con-other Papers of this Session. duce to prevent Ul'ury and Extortion: And praying, that they may be heard by their Counsel against the Petition of Mr. Dighy reported from the Committee, to whom the the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the

Petition of the Lord of the Manor of Flecknoe, and of the City ol in Common Council assembled, and the

Impropriator, Freeholders, and Proprietors of Lands, other Petitions, which have been presented to thfe House, in the Common Fields, called Flecknoe, in the County of against the said Corporation.

//'ant'ick, was referred; That the Committee had exa- Ordered, That the Petition be referred to the Confi-inined the Matter of the said Petition, and had direaed deration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Com-House; and he read the Report in his Place; and after- mons, of the City of London, in Common Council Af-wards delivered it in at the Clerks Table: Where the sembled, is referred; and that the Petitioners be heard by same was read; and is as followeth; viz. their Counsel, if they think fit, before the said Committee,

That the Committee, pursuant to the Order of the ng®mft the said Petitions.

House, proceeded to examine the Matter of the said Ordered, That it be an Instruaion to the find Competition; and, to prove the Allegations thereof, the mittee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the following Witnesses were called; viz.feme time, uP°n the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Alder- Mr. Thomas Hiccocks, Mr. Jonathan fVorcester, and nien, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Mr. Robert Clerk; who, befog severally examined, said, Council assembled, and upon the other Petitions, which That the said Common f ields are very capable of befog in- have been presented to this House, against the said Chari-doled; and that, if such Inclosure was made, it will be of table Corporation.

great Advantage to all the Proprietors: Ordered, That the Marshal of the Prison of the Court

That the said Common Fields consist of Seventeen hun- of King's Bench do bring up Daniel , a Prisoner in dred Acres, or thereabouts; and none of the Lands, be- hw Custody, Tomorrow Morning, in order to his being longing thereto, are worth at present more than Six Shil- examined as a Witness before the Committee of the whole lings an Acre, but, when inclosed, will be worth Fifteen House, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Alder-Shillings; but though the feme will be for the Benefit of men. and Commons, of the City of London, in Common all the Proprietors concerned therein, yet the Inclosure Council assembled, and other Petitions relating to the cannot be made without the Assistonce of Parliament. Charitable Corporation, for Relief of industrious Poor,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for by assisting them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal inclosing and dividing the Common Fields, called Fleck- Interest, are referred; and that Mr. Speaker do ifl'ue his noe, in the County of Warwick: And that Mr. Dighy, Warrant accordingly.

Mr. If illiam Bromley, junior, and Mr. Lhauncy, do pre- Mr. , of ,reported from the Committee Newhaven Pare, and bring in, the lame. to whom the Bill for repairing, and keeping in Repair, Harbour.

the Pier and Harbour of 'haven, in the County of Mr. Alderman Child presented to the House (according Suffe.r, was committed; That the Committee had exa-to Order) a Bill for repairing the Road leading from the mined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to Vol. 21, be

695 240 MaA. 1.7 jo.

be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the said Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question Severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossbd.

Regulation The House being moved, That the Petition of the of 1'iloD, tec. liceufed and warranted Pilots, of the Trinity House of Deptford Stroud,w hole Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and the others licensed and warranted Pilots, thereunto belonging, which was presented to this House the Second Day of this inl'tant March, and was then read, and ordered to lie' upon the Table, be now read;

The: feme was read accordingly:

Ordered, That, the- said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the-Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the'House:

And it is referred to Sir , Sir Charles

Wager, Mr. Alderman Barnard,

Lord Fcrc Beaucferk, Sir Mr. Cockburn,

Sir Charles Turner, Mr. I Cumin Mr. Campbell,

Mr .1 Oglethorpe, Mr. Turner, Sir illiam Sir

William Yonge, Mix 'Mor, Mr Mr. Scrope, Sir John Williams, Sir Nathaniel Mx.Btamston; Lord Alicklethzaaite, Sir Mr. 'it non, Mr. Williams, Colonel Mr. York,

Mr. Owen, Sir Edward Stanley, Mr. Ducket, Mr. Bowles, Mr. Bond, Mr. Mr. Hughes, Mr. Chol-

mondclcy, Mr. Cross, Mr. Mr. Vincent, Mr.

Danvers, Mr. Navland, Sir James Campbell, Mr.

Mr. Bertie, Mr. Dunbar, Mr. Pulteney, Mr.

Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Lewis; and all the Members that (ervo for the Coast Counties; and all the Merchants of die House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber, and have Power do fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Thomas Bennett and Mr. Burroughs:

Mr. Speaker,

Lawton, &c. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Roads. for repairing the Roads leading from the most Southern Part of Butt Lane, in the Parish of , in the County

Palatine of Chester, to Lawton, and from thence to Hen-Jhal's Smithy, upon Cranage Green, in the said County; without any Amendment: And all'o,

Bishops The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

Tachbrooke for inclosing the Common Fields, and uninclosed Lands, Inclosure. lying within the Manor and Parish of Bishops -brooke, in the County of Wurtcick; without any Amendment.

And then the Mcfl'engers withdrew.

Supply Bill; A Bill for the further Application of the Sinking

Sinking Fund, was read a Second time. m , Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

children of - Mr. Bromley (according to Order) reported from the Subjects.0 Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain a Clause in an Act, made in the Seventh Year of .,. the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for naturalizing foreign Protestants, which relates to the Children of the natural-born Subjects of this Realm, was committed; the Amendments the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the Houlb;

and he read' the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report w as read; and the Amendments being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Quel-tion severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Tire House being informed that Mr. Thomas Lloyd, Admissiom one of the Clerks in Chancery of his Majel'ty's Court of «f Attorn.!, Great Setlions for the Counties of Carmarthen, Pembroke, and Cardigan, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, A Lift of such Persons as have been admitted Attorneys and Solicitors of his Majesty's Court of Great Sc (lions for tile several Counties of Carmarthen, Pembroke, and Cardigan, in pursuance of the Act passed in the Second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled,

" An Act for better Regulation of Attorneys and Solicitors," with tire Places of their usual Abode, when and where admitted, and by whom, since the last lilt, laid before this House.

And then he withdrew. i

And the Title of the said lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Lift do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Lift is bound up with the otlter Papers of this Session.

Mr. Alderman Perry (according to Order) reported Exportath from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the of Guopo#-Petition of the Gunpow der-makers, and of several Merchants, Traders in, and Exporters olj Gunpowder to divers foreign Parts, was referred, and who were also to consider of the Duties upon Saltpetre and Brimstone, the Resolution they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,'

That, to encourage the Manufacture of Gunpowder in this Kingdom, and in Consideration of the Duties paid upon Saltpetre and Brimstone (the Ingredients used in making the same) an Allowance be made of Four Shillings and Six Pence per Barrel, containing One hundred Pounds net Weight, upon all Gunpowder exported out of this Kingdom.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolution; and that Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. Alderman Barnard, and Sir George Cdo prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Seven- ManufaSim night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, of Sail-dotk. to consider of Heads for a Bill for further encouraging the Manufacture of British Sail-cloth.

A Bill for eroding a Workhouse in the Town of Man- MincMw chester, in the County Palatine of for the better

maintaining and employing the Poor of the livid Town; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the wholp House.

Resolved, That tills House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House proceeded to take into further Considera- Supply Bill; lion the Report from the Committee of the whole House, LandTu. to whom the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to lie raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-one, ..

And

4 Geo. II.

24° — 2 5® Mdrtii.

And several of the Lists of the Commissioners Nambs, being severally read, were, upon the Question severally

Kt hereupon, agreed to; and others were added by the mie. —

Royal Ment A Message from his Majesty, by Sit1 k. Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod 1 Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable IToule to attend his Majesty immediately in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Air. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty in the House of Peers:

And Ijcing returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, that the House had attended his Majesty in the House of Peers, and that his Majesty had been pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several publick and private Bills following;

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters:

An Act for repairing the Roads leading from the most Southern Part of Butt Lane, in the Parish of Lent ton, in the County Palatine of to Lawton, and from

thence to HcnjhaisSmithy, upon Green, in the

laid County:

An Act for inclosing the Common Fields, and unin*' closed Lands, lying within the Manor and Parish of Bishops Tac/ibrooke, in the County of Warwick:

An Act for enabling Richard Claridge, Gentleman, and his Blue, to take and ulc the Surname of

An Act to naturalize dc Saits, Esquire i

An Act for naturalizing Wife of the honourable William Godolphin, Esquire, commonly culled Marquis o

An Act to naturalize Mary Anne de la Fontaine, Wife of Charles de la Fontaine, of London, Merchant.

Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, are referred; and that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant accordingly.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovisf 2 50 dMartii 5

Anno 4® Georgii 241 Regis, 1731.

PftA

YE RS.

Duties on Flax.

Foreign and

English

Sail-cloth.

' M

Wool, Sec. imported from Ireland*

apply Bill; TaMo

Vltncflcs to »e brought p in Cuf-

idy.

The House proceeded in the further Consideration of $e Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill lor granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-one, ..

And other Commissioners Names were added; and the rest of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, were severally read a Second time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry have Leave to

make a Motion, it being past Four of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That the Marshal of the rrifon of the Court of King's Bench do bring up William , James

Graham, Thomas Pro ft or, and William Pri-

lbners in his Custody, Tomorrow Morning, in order to their being examined as Witnesses before the Committee of the whole House, to w'hom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in Common-council allem bled, and other Petitions, relating to the Charitable Corporation, for Relief of industrious Poor, by afiilting them with finall Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Intcrcfr, arc referred; and that Mr. Speaker do ilFue his Warrant accordingly.

Ordered, That Major Selzeyn have Leave to make a M otion.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That the Warden of the Fleet Prison do bring up Thomas Oejland, a Prisoner in his Custody, Tomorrow Morning, in order to his being examined as a Witness before the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, and other Petitions, relating to the Charitable Corporation, for Relief of industrious Pour, by assisting them with small Vol. 2j,

Woollen Manufactures exported to Ruifia,

THE House being informed that Mf. from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuance to their Order;

An Account of the grols and net Produce, for Seven Years, ending at Christntas 1729, of the Duties upon Flax; together with an Account, how the same stands appropriated: And also,

An Account of the Quantity of foreign Sail-cloth, imported into England for Seven Years,1 to Chrijhnas 1729, distinguishing each Year; together with an Account of the Duty paid for the lame, and how the same stands appropriated, and what Quantity has been re-exported, and what Drawback has been allowed thereupon: , And also,

An Account of what EngHjh Sail-cloth has. been exported for Seven Years, ending at 1729; toge-

ther with an Account of the Bounty whifti has been paid thereupon: And also,

An Account of what Wool has been imported into

England from Ireland, from Chrifimds .1715, to Chr ift mas

1729; distinguishing each Year: Ah^ also,

An Account of whit Woollen and Bay Yarn has been imported into England from Ireland, from 1715, to Christmas 1729; distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of the Duty paid for Woollen or Bay Yarn imported from Ireland, from Christmas 1715, to Christmas 1729; distinguishing each Year, and how' the same Itands appropriated: And also,

An Account of what Quantity of Woollen Manufactures of England, has been exported to Russia for Seven «Years, ending at Christmas 1729; distinguishing each Year.

And then lie withdrew-.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The Lord Mayor of London presented to the Hioufe Regulation (according to Order) a Bill for making more effectual an of Broken 14 Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of her late London. Majesty Queen Anne, for repealing the Act of the First Year of King James the First, intituled, "An Act for the " well garbling of Spices," and for granting an Equivalent to the City of London, by admitting Brokers: And the same was received; and read the First time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the principal Inhabitants, Traders, and Manchester Land Owners, within the Town of Manchester, in the Workhouse. County Palatine of Lancaster, whote Naipes are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, or others, the greatest Part of the Inhabitants, Traders, and Land Owners, within the said Tow n, was presented to the House, and read; praying that they may be heard by themselves, or Coun-fel, against the Bill depending in this House, for erecting a publick Workhouse in the said Town, for better Maintenance and Employment of the Poor thereof, in regard there are many Clauses in the said Bill, which will prejudice the Trade and Interest of the said Town, and also render the Rights and Properties of the Inhabitants and Land Ow ners therein precarious and uncertain.

8 Q

1

WSecrj and Fees of Court of Chancery.

Hawkers and Pedlar*.

SWcoy3

Marriage

Settlement*

God Hone Road.

698

2 50 Martii.

A 1731,

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Cort-sideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for creating a Workhouse in the Town of ch f ter, in the County Palatine ofor tire better maintaining and employing the Poor of the said Town, is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard by themselves, or Coon tel, if they think fit, before the Committee, upon their said Petition.

The House being informed that Mr. one of the Patentees of tire Subpoena Office m Chancery, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the BaF, presented to tire House, pursuant to their Order, A Lift ot' the Names of the Officers appointed by Letters Patents to w rite and ingross all Writs of Subpoena, Hiding out of the high Court of Chancery, and of their Deputy; as ali'o of the several Fees by them claimed.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Lift do He upon tire Tabic, to beperufed by the Members of the House.

The said Lift is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of the Borough of Abingdon, the County of Berks, under their

Common Seal, and of the Mercers, Woollen and Linen Drapers, Haberdashers, Grocers, Ironmongers, Milliners, arid other* tire Traders, and Inhabitants, of the said Borough, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was. pretexted to the House, and read; praying such Relief as-the House shall think fit, against the pernicious and destructive Trade, carried on by Hawkers and Pedlars, to the great Diminution of his, Majesty's isevenue, and the Ruin of the fare Traders' and Shopkeepers, who are forced to pay Taxes, anti bear Parish Offices, which Hawkers and Pedlars etcape.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Bonces reported from the Committee, to whom the logrolled Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable John Shafto Esquire, to make a foitable Settlement upon any Woman he tliall marry, and Provision for younger Children, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of tire Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, ami made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and that tire Parties concerned had given their Contents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with tire Amendment, in at the Clerks Table: Where the Amendment was read, and is as followeth; viz.

Prels 7. L. 20. After the Word " tit " iulert " so as " not to be without Impeachment of Waste."

The laid Amendment, being read a Second time, was, Upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third tine upon Monday next, at Twelve of the Clock

Mr. Pelham reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the more effectual repairing the Road leading from Godstone, in the County of Surrey, to at

fire Entrance into Ashdmvn Forest, in the Parish of East Grinjled, in the County of Sussex, was committed; That the Committee had examined tire Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with tire Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the said Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That tire Bill, with the Amendments, lx? ingrafted.

The Irerd Grimflon presented to tire House (according St. Albaa to Order) a Bill for enlarging the Term granted by* an Roidi. Act, passed hr the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act for " repairing the Highways through the several Purrthd " of St. Michael, St. Albans, St. Peter, Shenky Ridge,

" and South Mims, in the Counties of Hertford and " Middlejh v:"And the feme was received; and read the

First time.

llefolved, That tire Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrafted Dili from the Lords, intituled, An Act for making Diviftens, Inclosures, and Allotments, of the luck* open Corn Fields and Pastures in the Lordship of Cat-nick, in tire County of Yen'k, and for settling and eltalish-ing the Payment or a Yearly Sum to tire Rector oiCat-aid aforesaicf, and his Successors, in lieu of Tythes, pursuant to Agreement between the present Rector, and Proprietors of the said Lands, was read the First time.

llefolved, Xhat the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Nathanael Curzon presented to the House (accord- _ ing to Order) a Bill for dividing and inclosing divers ton kbit.] Parcels of Commons and Waste Grounds, lying within the Manor of Westbroughton, in the Parish

in the County of Derby: And the lanre was received.

Mr. Alderman Child presented to the House (according to Order) a Bill for providing a Maintenance for the Clerkwd Minister of the Church of St. John in the Mimfeti

County of Middlesex: And the feme was received.

Msittt-

Moce.

('sal

tees

Vial

Mr. Bramston presented to the House (according to karcfot Order) a Bill to continue several Acts therein mentioned, Dnp.b for leurching Drugs and Competitions for Medicines, and for better Encouragement of the making of Sail-cloth wf Great Britain, and for the better securing the lawful Trade of his Majesty's Subjects to- and from the East and explaining, and making more effectual, the Laws in being, for obliging the PolTeftors of Lands, adjacent to common Highways, to cut and keep low such Hedges, as are adjoining to tire said Highways; and for explaining and amending a Glairie in-An Act, made in the First Year I ^"1 of fife late Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for making " the Laws for repairing the Highways more effectual,' , which relates to the appointing of Scavengers, and repairing of Streets; and for tire more effectual punishing Persons, wire shall ftcal Lead, or Iron Bars, fixed to the Freehold of any Dwelling-house, or Out-house, or other Building whatsoever: And the same was received; and read the First time.

llefolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Roger Meredith reported from the Committee, to GraveM whom the Petition of the Mayor, Jurats, Common Coun- clu,d' cil, and the Mbiiitcr, Churchwardens, and principal Inhabitants of tire Town Corporate of Grave fend and in the County of Kent, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

That the Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, bearing Date the 12th Instant, proceeded to examine the Matter of the said Petition; and, to prove the Allegations thereof, called.

Mr. IJUliam Champion, and Mr. Humphry Taylor,

Clerk; who, being examined, laid, That the Church at Gravesend, together with tire most principal Part of the Tow n, was burnt down and consumed on the 24th Day of August 1727; and that the Loss sustained by such Fire, was computed to amount to the Sum of £. 40,000. and upwards; which has rendered the Circumstances of the 5 Inhabitants

Colonial

Trade.

Encouragement of Coinage.

Charitable

Corporation.

4 Geo. II. 25* — a

Inhabitants thereof very indifferent, and that they are not able to rebuild the said Church, without foine further Provision be grunted them for that Purpose.

Charles Sloan, Carpenter, laid, That he was appointed to make a Survey and Admeasurement of the Church and Iloules, which were burnt down and that the same amounted to the Sum of £ 43,719. 15.?.' 4</.or thereabouts; which Account he afterwards delivered in, upon Oath, at the Quarter Sessions for the County of Kent.

That there was £. 11,000. insured upon the said Houses; and that there has been received from the Sun Fire Office, upon this Occaliou, the Sum of 9,400. and £. 430. from the Royal Exchange Office.

Sir. James Deacon, Receiver of the Duties on Coals, imported into the Port of London, and Patrick Clerk of the Coal-meters, laid, That the Town of end is included in the Port of London; and that Coals at Grarefend pay all Duties to the King, Churches, and Orphans; and likewise, that all Goods do pay likewise at Grarefend all Duties, as if delivered at London.

Then the Treasurer to the Commissioners of the Fifty new Churches delivered an Account, dated the 18th In-Itant, of what Money was remaining in the Treasurer's Hands; whereby it appeared, that there is the Sum of £. 373. 11 s'. 11 d.in his Hands.

Then Ale xander L'hocke, Esquire, delivered an Account, dated the ‘23d Inlttmt, being the Produce of the Coal Duty; whereby it appeared, that there is remaining in the Exchequer, of the £. 103,140. appointed for building, and endowing, the f ifty new Churches, the Sum of

£ .>3,640.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Rill for rebuilding the Parish Church of Grarifend, in the County of Kent, as One of the Fifty new Churches, directed to be

built by Two Acts of Parliament, one made in the Ninth, and the ot her in the Tenth, Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne: And that Sir Roger Meredith, Sir Robert Furmfe, Mr. GLnrcifle, Sir Robert Aujien, and

Dofctor Sayer, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Dra.v be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to bring in a Rill for the better lc-eurina and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America.

A Bill to continue the Duties for Encouragement of the Coinage of Money, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to re-lolvc itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, and other Petitions, relating to the Charitable Corporation, for Relief of Industrious Poor, by assisting them with linall Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest;

Ordered, That the Charter of the said Corporation, and the several Licences granted to them from the Crown, be referred to the said Committee.

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conduit took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conduit reported from the Committee, That the Committee had heard Counsel for feme of the Petitioners, and had examined several Witnesses, and made some Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that the Committee had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Rc/olved, That this House will, Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, and other Petitions, relating to the Charitable Corporation, for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with finall Sums, upon Pledges, at legal luterelt.

Vol- 21.

The House being informed, that the Marshal of the Prison of the Court of King's Bench had not brought dp Daniel Jevon, according to their Order of Ydterday,

and that the Deputy Marshal was attending at the Door; he was called in; and, being examined at the Bar, he acquainted the House, that the said Jevon was a Prisoner, who had the Liberty of the Rules of the said Prison; and that he could not find him, to bring him up this Mom-tog 5

Ordered, That the Marshal of the Prison of the Court of King's Bench do bring up Daniel Jevon, a Prisoner in his CustodVj To-inorrow Morning, in order to his being examined as a Witness before the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the C'ity of London, in Common Council assembled, and other Petitions, relating to the Charitable Corporation for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Intcrelt, are referred; and that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant accordingly.

Ordered, That the Marshal of the Prison of the Court of King's Bench do bring up Stopford, James

Graham, Thomas Proctor, and William Pri-

foners in his Custody, Tomorrow Morning, in order to their being examined as Witnesses before the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, and other Petitions, relating to the Charitable Corporation for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, arc referred; and that Mr. S]>caker do issue his Warrant accordingly.

Ordered, That the Warden of the Prison do bring up Thomas Oejland, a Prisoner in his Custody, Tomorrow Morning, in order to his being examined as a Witness before the Committee of the whole iloufe, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, and other Petitions, relating to the Charitable Corporation for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with linall Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, are referred; and that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant accordingly.

And then die House adjoumod till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 26° die;

Anno 4* Georgii 2dl Regis, 1731. Prayers.

THE House being informed that Mr. Jeremy -brooke, Register of the Affidavits in the Court of Chancery, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, A Lift of Fees, due and paid to Jeremy brooke, Register of tire Affidavits in the High Court of Chancery.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Lift do lie upon the Tablet to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Lift is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Maidstone, Chief Clerk of the Treasury of the Court of Common Pleas, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, A Lift of the Officers belonging to the Treasury of the Court of Common Pleas, and an Account of the respective Fees taken by them.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Lift and Account was read. Ordered, That the said Lift and Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The

Charitable Corporation; — certain Prifor.ers in custody, to , be brought of before the Committee.

Fees takon in Court of Chancery.

Officers and Fees of Common Pleas.

Fees taken in the Court of King's Bench.

Fulham and Hammer-smitli Road.

Westbrough-

tonlnclosure

St. John, Clerkenwell, Minister's Maintenance.

Nuneaton, See, Inclo* sure.

C olonial Trade.

Regulating Juries in iliddlesex.

7OO

The said Lift is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that a Person from Mr. Vaughan, one of the Filazers in his Majesty's Court of King's Bench, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, a List of the Fees claimed by Thomas Vaughan, Filazer in his Majesty's Court of King's Bench, for the City of London, and the County of and other

Cities and Counties.

And then he withdrew'.

And the Title of the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Lift do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Lift is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A Bill for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Fulham, in the County of Middlesex, through Fulham Fields, to the great Road near the Pound at Hammer-smitli, in the said County, was read the First Time.

Resolved, 'j'hat the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing divers Parcels of Commons and Wal'te Grounds, lying within the Manor of Westbroughton, in the Parish of , in the County of Derby, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for providing a Maintenance for the Minister of the Church of St. John, Cle in the County of Middle sex, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House being moved, That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for inclosing and dividing the Common Fields and Common Grounds^ in the Manor of Nuneaton and Attleborough, in the County of wick, might be read a Second time:

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, that his Majesty, being informed of the Contents of the said Bill, had been pleased to command him to acquaint this House, that his Majesty gives his Consent, that this House may do therein as they think lit.

Then the Bill was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Digby, Sir Nathaniel Carzon, Mr. Bacon, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Plumer, Mr Gybbon, Sir Ab Elton, Mr.

ley, Mr. Ward, Colonel Onslow, Mr. Hacks, Mr. Bond, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Sand Sir Isham,

Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Mr. Foley,

Mr. Hatiey, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Bevan, Mr. Baker,

Mr. Vincent, Sir Edward Stanley, Mr. Lord

Cajllcmain, Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr. Rozcney, Sir Thomas Read, Mr. CroJ's, Major Compton, Sir William JVillys, Mr. MaJ'ter; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Warwick, Leicester, and Stafford: And they

are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber-

Sir John Rushout presented to the House (according to Order) a Bill for the better securing arid encouraging the Trade of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in And

the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be printed.

Mr. Bramjlonreported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Third Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for the better Regulation of Juries," lo far as the same relates to the County of was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and had made several Amendments thereto, which they had directed him to

A. 1731.

report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards deliveredthe Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Sccoud time, one by one; and were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for qualifying Leaseholders to serve upon Juries in the County of Middlesex.

And the Clause was twice read, with a Blank; which was filled up by the House.

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the w hole House, to whom the Bill for erecting a "° Workhouse in the Town of Mauchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, for the better maintaining and employing the Poor of the said Town, is committed; That, when they hear Counsel upon the Petition of the principal Inhabitants, Traders, and Land Owners, within the said Town, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and others, the greatest Part of the Inhabitants, Traders, and Land Owners, within the said Town, against the said Bill, in regard that there are many Clauses therein, which will prejudice the Trade and Interest of the said Town, tliev do admit Counsel to be heard in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

An ingrossed Bill to explain a Clause in an Act, made CliiMmtf in the Seventh Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for naturalizing foreign Protestants, which 1 relates to the Children of natural-born Subjects of tins Realm, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be,

An Act to explain a Clause in an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for naturalizing foreign Protestants, which relates to the Children of the natural-born Subjects of the Crow n of England, or of Great Britain.

Ordered, That Air. William Bromley, junior, do carry

the Bill to the Lords, and desire then- Concurrence.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Chiriolb Committee of the whole House, to consider further oftlie Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, and other Petitions, relating to the Charitable Corporation, for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conduit took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conduit reported from the Committee, That the Committee had further heard Counsel upon the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, and had examined several other Witnesses, and made a further Pro-grels in the Matter to them referred; and that the Committee had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will immediately resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council alfcm-bled, and other Petitions, relating to the Charitable Corporation, for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with lhiall Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest.

Mr. Conduit also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that the Petitioners, the Merchants, and other Traders, inhabiting in or near the City of London, w'hose Names are thereunto subscribed, may have Liberty to be heard by themselves before the said Committee.

Ordered,

q6° Martii.

Eft

fejp

It

Whnel

teh

HLl(

taij.

J

; t.

UU

ir

j'*

4 Geo. II. 1<5°- — if Martii. 701

Ordered, That the said Petitioners have Liberty to be heard by themselves before the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conduit took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conduit reported from the Committee, that the Committee had heard the Petitioners, the Merchants, and other Traders, inhabiting in or near the City of

whose Names are thereunto subscribed, and had also heard Counsel upon the Petition of the Silk Weavers, and Worsted Manufacturers, in and about Spittle-fields, and had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that the Committee had directed him to move* that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common-council assembled, and other Petitions* relating to the Charitable Corporation, for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums upon Pledges, at legal Interest. ‘

The other Orders of the Day being read j Gibraltar. Ordered, That the several Papers, which have been presented to this House, in relation to the Works, carried on by the Spaniards, before Gibraltar, be taken into Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next.

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Exportation Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday next, at of Wool. Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, toeonfider of Heads for a Bill for more effectual preventing the Exportation of Wool from Great Britain, and of Wool, and Wool manufactured, from Ireland to foreign Parts.

Witneilei to Ordered, That the Warden of the Fleet Prison do bring

brought Up Thomas Oefland,a Prisoner in his Custody, upon Mon-|JjVn u day Morning next, in order to his being examined as a

Witness before the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common-council assembled, and other Petitions, relating to the Charitable Corporation, for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, are referred; and that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant accordingly.

Ordered, That the Marshal of the Prison of the Court of King's Bench do bring up Morice , JVm. Stop-

ford, James Graham, Thomas Proflor, and William Knowles, Prisoners in his Custody, upon Monday Morning next, in order to their being examined as Witnesses before the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Lcjrd Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common-council assembled, and other Petitions, relating to the Charitable Corporation, for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, are referred; and that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant accordingly.

The House being informed, that the Marshal of the Prison of the Court of King's Bench had not brought up Daniel Jevon, according to their Order of Yesterday;

Ordered, That the Marshal of the Prison of the Court of King's Bench do attend this House upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Marshal of the Prison of the Court of King's Bench do bring up Daniel Jevon, a Prisoner in his Custody, upon Mondry Morning next, in order to his being

examined as a Witness before the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Comtnon-Vot. 21.

council assembled, and other Petitions, relating, to thP Charitable Corporation, for Relief of industrious Poor; by assisting them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, are referred; and that Mr. Speaker do issue hiy Warrant accordingly.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning hext, Nine of the Clock.

U~i_____ - . , ----- ----- - 1 — . j

Lunrs, 29° die Martii;

Anno 4* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1731.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Mayor, Aldermen, capical Hawkers and Burgesses, and principal Inhabitants, of the Borough Pedlars,

of Newport, in the Isle of Wight, was presented to the House, and read; complaining, that the great Decay of Trade, which they labour under, is owing to the Numbers of Hawkers and Pedlars, who every-where carry on a clandestine and pernicious Way of Dealing, and escape both the publick Taxes, and the heavy Burthen of Parish Offices and Poor Rates: And praying such Relief; as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table;

The House being informed, that Mr. Mathews, frdm Officers and Mr. Bellamy, his Majesty's Coroner and Attorney in the FcesinCoort Court of King's Bench, attended at the Door, he was Batch. called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, A Lift of the several Officers and Clerks in the Crown Office in the Court of King's Bench at Westminster, with Tables of the several Fees claimed by them; viz.

A Table of Fees, claimed by Wm. Bellamy, Esquire, his Majesty's Coroner and Attorney in the Court of King's Bench at Westminster* and also,

A Preferment of Fees, claimed by the Secondary of the Crown Office in the Court of King's Bench at Westminster; and also,

A Table of Fees, claimed by the Clerk of the Rules in the Crown Office in the Court of King's Bench at Westminster', and also,

A Table of Fees, claimed by the Clerk of the Indictments in the Crown Office in the Court of King's Bench at Westminster; and also,

A Table of Fees, claimed by the Calendar Keeper of the Crown Office in the Court of King's Bench at Westminster; and also,

A Preferment of Fees, claimed by the Clerk of the Crown Office in the Court of King's Bench at Westminster.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Lift, Tables and Presentments of Fees, were read.

Ordered, That the said Lift, Tables and Preferments of Fees, do lie upon the Tabic, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Lift, Tables and Presentments of Fees, are bound up with the other Papers of this Session,

The House being informed, that Mr. Robert George, Fee* taken in Deputy to Mr. Bulstrode, Clerk of thejuries of the Court Common of Common Pleas, attended at the Door* he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, A Lift of the Fees belonging to Edward Bulstrode, Esquire, Clerk of the Juries of his Majesty's Court of Common Pleas.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Lift do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Clayton's the Sale of the Estate, late of Mary Clayton, deceased, in Estate. the County of Bucks, entailed by her Will* for Payment of her Debts and Legacies, charged thereon, and for laying out the Overplus of the Moneys, arising by such Sale,

8 P in

foi 29° Martii. 1731.

ini the Pufchafe of other Lands, to be settled to the like Uses, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Burton, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Campbell\Mr. LydJell, Colonel , Mr. Hales, Mr. Conduit, Colonel Read, Sir Archibald Grant, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Treby, Sir Nathanael Curzon,

Mr. Potenger, Mr. Lawson, Mr. Mr. Price,

Mr. Hedworth, Mr. Longueville, Mr. , Sir James

Campbell, Mr. Papillon, Mr. Fane, Mr. More, Mr. Harley, Sir Thomas Robinson, Sir John Mr. Dunbar, Mr.

Martin, Sir Tho. Hales, Mr. and all the

Members, that serve for the Counties of Bucks, Norfolk, and Suffolk: And they are to meet this'Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

tin. Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Treby, Mr. Jenifon, Sir Or/. Bridgman, Mr. Brvdenell, Mr. Potenger, Mr. Hale, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Smelt, Mr. Fane, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Edwards, Mr. Lyddell, Lord Gage, Sir Archibald Grant, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Dunbar, Mr. Clayton, Mr. St. John, Major Compton, Lord Mayor of London, Sir John Barrington, Sir Thomas Robinson, Sir Tho. Let, Mr. Oglethorpe, Mr. Digby, Mr. Gibson, Mr. Dockmmique, Mr. Hedworth, Mr. Taylor, Mr. Longueville, Mr. More, Mr. Papillon, Mr. Andrews, Mr. Drummond, Mr. Bond -, and all the Members, that serve for the Counties of Bucks, Berks, and Hereford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Hund«e A Bill for continuing the Dufy of Two Penies Scots, Town «nd or Ofle-sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, upon every Scots Harbour, pint of Ale and Beer, that shall be vended or sold within the Town of Dundee, and Privileges thereof, for paying the publick Debts of the said Town, repairing the Harbour there, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Drummond, Mr. Forbes, Mr. Mr. Treby, Mr.

Plumptre, Sir James Campbell, Colonel Bladen, Mr. Jenifon, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Mr. Huxley,

Mr. Conduit, Sir Archibald Grant, Mr. Byng, Sir Roger Brad/haigb, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Potenger, Colonel Read, Mr. Sdndys, Mr. Gibson, Mr. Harley, Mr. Murray, Mr. Master, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Burton, Mr. Cary, Sir Thomas Hales, Sir Nathanaet Curzon, Sir Thomas Robinson, Mr. Martin, Major Compton, Sir John Williams, Mr.

lon, Lord Gage, Mr. Liddell, Mr. St. John, Mr. Dunbar, Mr. 1Brudenell, Mr. Moore, Mr. Longueville; and all the Members, that serve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Witness to Ordered, That the Keeper of the Prison of the Poultry be brought Compter do immediately bring up John Shephard, a up inCuf- prisoner jn his Custody, in order to his being examined

as a Witness before the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common-council assembled, and other Petitions, relating to the Charitable Corporation, for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, are referred 5 and that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant accordingly.

Dundee A Petition of the Noblemen, and landed Gentlemen, Toward of the Counties of Angus and Perth, in the Neighbourhood 4rtour* of the Burgh of Dundee, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, that, unless the Duty of Two Penies Scots on the Pint of Ale, fold within the said Town, be farther continued, as prayed by a Petition from the said Town, presented to this House for that Purpose, the said Town must inevitably go to Ruin, and thereby the Petitioners will not only lose the Benefit of a Harbour, which will tend to the Destruction of Trade, but also their Rents will be diminished; which for the most Part are consumed in that Town: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant such Relief to the said Town of Dundee, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Duke of An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Chando* for veiling several Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, Estate. therein mentioned, in James Duke of Chandos, and his Heirs, in pursuance of certain Articles of Agreement, made on the Marriage of his Son, Henry Brydges, Esquire, commonly called Marquis of Carnarvon, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Colonel Bladen, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Mr. Conduit, Mr.

Bacon, Mr. Cary, Mr. Burton, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Mar-7

A Petition of Charles Ley, Clerk, Minister of the St job Parish Church of St. James, Cle in the County Qerkemwfl, of Middlesex, and of the Churchwardens, and principal Jr?*®"' Inhabitants, of the said Parish, on behalf of themselves, and many others, inhabiting within the same Parish, was presented to the House, and read> alleging, that, many Years since the Inhabitants of the said Parish, for a valuable Consideration, purchased the Church, Churchyard, and Right of Patronage, there, chargeable only with the yearly Payment of Four Pounds, Eighteen Shillings, and Nine. Pence, for the perpetual Payment of a Curate; which small Stipend, with another of Six Pounds, since settled upon the Minister, or Curate, and the Surplice Fees, is the only Allowance, the Minister can claim, whose great eft Income arises from the voluntary Contribution of the Inhabitants; which will be much leftened, shouldthe Bill depending in this House, for providing a Maintenance for the Minister of the Church of St. John, Clerkenwell, in the County of Middlesex, pass; and the other Petitioners will be greatly prejudiced in their Rights by the said Bill: And therefore the Petitioners pray, that they may be heard by themselves, or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill, as they apprehend to be prejudicial to them, and that they may be relieved, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for providing a Maintenance for the Minister of the Church of St. John, Clerkenwell, in the County of Middlesex, be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Churchwarden, Overseers, Constable, Hfordeamfc and other Inhabitants, of the Town and Borough of II' fordcombe, in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read j alleging, that the Petition, presented to this House the 15th of March instant, in the Name of the principal Inhabitants of the said Town and Borough, against the Bill brought into this House, for repairing the Pier and Harbour there, contains very wrong Allegations, and was unduly signed; and that of late Years Three Ships have been loft within the Precincts of the said Port, for want of having a good Warp on board.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The House being informed, that the Marshal of the witntfi <r-Prison of the Court of King's Bench attended at the Door, <l«i »* according to Order, he was called in, and examined at the Bar, touching his not bringing up Daniel Jevon, according to the Order of the House.

And he acquainted the House, that the said Jevon had withdrawn himself upon the Day he was first ordered to be brought up, the Debt, for which the said was then in Execution, being that Morning difejharged; and that the other Debts, wherewith he (lands charged, are supersedable; and that he, the said Marshal, had done every thing in his Power to find Jevon, but could not find him, to bring him up;

The Marshal was directed to withdraw.

And then several other Persons were called in, and examined touching the Debt, for which the said Jevon was in Execution, being discharged, and also touching what Endeavours bad been since used to find him.

And the said Persons being withdrawn;

Ordered,

gaSCDt

Go*

4 Geo. II. — 30' Martiu 705

Ordered, That William Sat dwell do Attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

‘<14

)! Offices and The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a *<): t"1Pl°ynients- Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to indem- i. nify Persons who have, through Ignorance of Law,

omitted to quality themselves for Employments or *4; Offices, by taking the Oaths, and receiving the Sacrament,

I' in according to Law, and to enlarge the Time for their

doing the fame, to Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Winningtom took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Winnington reported from the Committee, that rot*,. they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-

Cw ments thereunto, which they had directed him to report,

when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

|ij. Shafto', A Motion being made, and the Question being put, . J Marriage That the Order, for reading the Third time an ingrossed ettlement. from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable John I' Shafto, Esquire, to make a suitable Settlement upon any I' ,; Woman he shall marry, and Provision for younger Chil-

dren, be now read}

It passed in the Negative.

men, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common* council assembled, and other Petitions, relating to the Charitable Corporation, for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, are referred; and that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant accordingly.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, Shafto4* intituled, An Act to enable John Sha, Esquire, to make _M*m*® a suitable Settlement upon any Woman he shall marry, e, I,e,l and Provision for younger Children, be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning, at Eleven of the Clock.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven* Way* night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, an<* Mean*, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty*

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn- Preservation

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Game* House, upon the Bill for the better Preservation of the Game.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Supply Sill; next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole sinking

House, upon the Bill for the further Application of the Fuod*

Sinking Fund.

Charitable The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Corporation, Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of in Common-council

assembled, and other Petitions, relating to the Charitable Corporation, for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting "' them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest.

'r Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conduit took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

-- Mr. Conduit reported from the Committee, that they

had heard Ccunfel for the said Corporation, and had examined several Witnesses, and made a farther Progress in the Matter to them referred j and that the Committee (- had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to

fit again.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of in Common-council assembled, and other Petitions, 'o relating to the Charitable Corporation, for Relief of

! - industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums, upon

Pledges, at legal Interest.

Ordered, That the Dividend Book of the Charitable Corporation, for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting: them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest,

be kid before this House Tomorrow Morning.

y- Ordered, That the Book of Orders of the said Corpo-

ration be laid before this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Leonard Poulter do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Marshal of the Prison of the Court vj of King's Bench do bring up William Stopford, Jams

Graham, Thomas ProSlor, and William Knowles, Prisoners in his Custody, Tomorrow Morning, in order to their 1 being examined as Witnesses before the Committee of the

'~r whole House, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor,

Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of , in

"f. Common-council assembled, and other Petitions, relating to the Charitable Corporation, for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, are referred; and that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant accordingly.

Ordered, That the Keeper of the Prison of the Poultry f Compter do. Tomorrow Morning, bring up John Shep-

hard, a Prisoner in his Custody, in order to his being examined as a Witness before the Committee of the whole 1 House, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Alder-

Yol. 21.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 30* die Mar tit;

Anno 4° Georgii IP* Regis, 1731.

Prayers.

THE House being informed, that Mr Exports to

from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended Barbadoet, at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented &c* to the House, pursuant to their Order, An Account of the Value of the Exports from England to Barbadoes,

Jamaica, and the Leeward Islands, from 1714,

to Christmas 1726.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed, that Mr. Sanderson, the Fees taken in Ulher of the Court of Chancery, attended at the Door, Court of he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, Chancery, pursuant to their Order, A Lift of the several Fees, claimed by the Ulher of the high Court of Chancery.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Lift do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Lift is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed, that Mr. Rooke, the Clerk of the Chapel of the Rolls, attended at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, A Lift of the several Fees claimed by the Clerk of the Chapel of the Rolls of the high Court of Chancery.

And then lie withdrew.

And the Title of the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Lift do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Lift is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A Bill

Ditto.

Searching Drug*, &c.

7°4 50" Mdrliu A. 1731,

A Bill to continue several Acts therein mentioned, for the Pier and Harbour of Newhavin, in the County of (enrolling Drugs and Compositions for Medicines, and for Sussex, was read the Third time, better Encouragement of the making of Sail-cloth in That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be.

Great Britain, and for the better securing the lawful Trade An Act for repairing; and keeping in Repair, the Pier, of his Majesty's Subjects to and from the East Indies, and or Piers, and Harbour; of , in the County of

for explaining, and making more effectual, the Laws in

being, for obliging the Possessors of Lands, adjacent to Ordered, That Mr. of Lewes, do catty the

common Highways, to cut, and keep low, such Hedges, Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence, as are adjoining to the said Highways, and for explaining

and amending a Clause in an Act, nude in the First Year Ordered, That the Order, for reading the Third time

of his late Majesty s Reign, intituled, "An Act for an ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to " making the Laws, for repairing the Highways, more enable John Esquire, to make a suitable Settle-

effectual, which relates to the appointing of Scavan- rnent upon any Woman he shall marry, and Provisioit gets, and repairing of Streets, and for the more effectual for younger Children, be now read, punching Persons, who shall steal Lead, or Iron Bars, And the said Order being read accordingly;

fixed to the Freehold of any Dwelling-house, or Out- The said Bill was accordingly read the Third time,

house, or other Building whatsoever, was read a Second And another Amendment was proposed to be made time- to the Bill; viz.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bramston, press 7. L. 39. After the Word u Wives" to insert Mr. Tufnell, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Gape, Mr. Longue- " provided such Portion or Portions for any such

ville, Mr. Bevan, Mr. Rolle, Sir Nathanael Curzon, " Daughter or Daughters, or younger Sort or younger

Mr. Cornewal, Mr. York, Mr. Bowles, Mr. Lawson, Mr. Sons, do not exceed in the whole the Sum of Ten

Drummond, Mr. Hiiton, Colonel Read, Mr. Lyjler^ " thousand Pounds."

Mr Knight, Mr. Sandys, Mr Harley, Sir Robert Fur- And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon,

nesse, Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Alderman Child, Mr. Plumer, agreed unto by the House.

Mr. Newland, Mr. Tower, Mr. Annejley, Sir John Hynde Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do

Cotton, Mr. More, Mr. Kemp, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. iVaL pass. cot. Sir James Campbell;and all the Gentlemen of the Ordered, That Mr. Bowes do carry the Bill to the Long Robe, and all the Merchants of the House: And Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, to the lame, with some Amendments; to which Amend-in the Speaker's Chamber. ments this House doth desire their Lordships Concurrence.

Regulating An ingossed Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Third Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, " An Middlesex. t, for the better Regulation of Juries," so far as the same relates to the County of Middlesex, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass j and that the Title be, An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Third Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for the " better Regulation of Juries," so far as the same relates to the County of Middlesex.

Ordered, That Mr. Bramston do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Children of Ordered, That Mr. Bramston do carry to the Lords the natural-born ingossed Bill, intituled, An Act to explain a Clause in Subject*. amade in the Seventh Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for naturalizing foreign Protestants, which relates to the Children of the natural-born Subjects of the Crown of England, or of Great Britain, and desire their Lordships Concurrence.

Searching Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, Drag*, Ac. to whom the Bill for continuing certain Laws, is committed, that they have Power to receive a Clause, to impower the Justices of the Peace, at their Quarter Sessions, to proceed to determine upon Appeals, according to the Merits of the Cafe, notwithstanding Defects of Form in the original Proceedings.

Freftbury Colonel Read reported from the Committee, to whom

Inclosure. the Bill for exchanging, dividing, and inclosing, the common Fields, common Meadows, and common and waste Grounds, within the Manor of in the County of Gloucester, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, whiqh they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Newhaven An ingossed Bill for repairing, and keeping in Repair, Harbour.

The House being inforrtied, that the Accomptant to the Charitable Corporation, for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, attended at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, the Dividend Book, and also the Books of Orders, of the said Corporation.

And theft he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Books were read.

Ordered, That the said Books be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common-council assembled, and other Petitions, relating to the Charitable Corporation, for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, are referred.

Memorandum: The said Books were delivered back', pursuant to an Order of the House, of the 4th of May 1731.

The Lord Malpas presented to the House (according to Order) a Bill to explain and amend a Claute in an Act passed in the Second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Second, for making more effectual several Acts passed, relating to Watermen, Wherrymen, and Lightermen, rowing on the River Thames, so far as the same relates to Ferry-boats, and flat-bottomed Boats; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Thomas Saunders Sebright presented to the House (according to Order) a Bill to prevent the carrying excessive Weights upon the publick Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England-, and the same was received.

Mr. Winnington (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to indemnify Persons who have, through Ignorance of Law, omitted to qualify themselves for Employments or Offices, by taking the Oaths, and receiving the Sacrament, according to Law, and to enlarge the time for their doing

the

Shafto‘t

Marriage

Settltae*

Chtritabk

Corporate.

Rewhtiij

Thin#

Watcflw-

Regibntj Weight a Carmp.

OScfiai

Iapbsata

*3

C',-.

:C;.-

aac*.

K

b

4 Geo. II.

3oa — 31 M

Leave of AbsenCe.

Preventing Fiauds by fl enanti.

Exportation or Wool.

Witnessct not attending ordered into Custody.

I's

the fame, was committed, the Amendments, the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the Report was read; and the Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingossed.

Ordered, That William Duff, Esquire, have Leave to go into the Country, upon account 01 the Indisposition of his Lady.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more effectual preventing Frauds, committed by Tenants; and that Mr. Earle, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Annef.ey, Mr. Wyndham, Sir IVm. Yonge, and Mr. Glanville, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Heads for a Bill for more effectual preventing the Exportation of Wool from Great Britain, and of Wool, and Wool man u tab! u red, from Ireland, to foreign Parts, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Heads for a Bill for more effectual preventing the Exportation of Wool from Great Britain, and of Wool, and Wool manufactured, from Ireland, to foreign Parts.

The House being informed, that William and Leonard Boulter, who were Yesterday ordered to attend the House this Day, do not attend;

And Two Persons being called in, and examined at the Bar, who proved, that their Orders for their Attendance were left at their respective Dwelling h *ules;

Ordered, That the said Wm. Satchzvell be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House; and ihat Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant accordingly.

Ordered, That the said Leonard Poulter be font for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House; and that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant accordingly.

CV>iriub1e The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Cor pent ion. Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common-council assembled, and other Petitions, relating to the Charitable Corporation, for Relief of industrious Poor, by aflUling them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conduit took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conduit reported from the Committee, that they had further heard Counsel for the said Corporation, and had examined several other Witness'es, and made a farther Progitfs in the Matter to them referred; and that the Committee had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of thq whole Hou e, to consider further of the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City o in Common-council assembled, and other Petitions, relating to the Charitable Corporation, for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest.

The House being informed, that Daniel Jtvon attended at the Door, he was called in, and examined at the Bar, touching the Discharge of the Debt, for which he was in Execution, and his withdrawing himself.

And not giving the House a satisfactory Account, he

V© 21,

7°S

was directed to withdraw j and the Serjeant at Arms, attending the House, was directed to keep him in Safety* and not to permit any Person to have Access to him.

And some richer Persons were also called in, and examined at the Bar touching the same Matters:

And being withdrawn;

Ordered, That Daniel JevoH be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, in order to his being brought upTo-morrow Morning, to be further examined; and that no Person be permitted to have any Access to him; and that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant accordingly.

Ordered, That Catharine Jevon d(^attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That William Waite do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That David Avery do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Henry Bully do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Marshal of the Prison of the Court of King's Bench do bring up Mor Burrow, William Stopford, James Graham, Thomas Bull or, and Wm.

Knowles, Prisoners in his Custody, Tomorrow Morning, in order to their being: examined as Witnesses before the

D , # '

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common-council assembled, and other Petitions, relating to the Charitable Corporation, for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, are referred; and that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant accordingly.

Ordered, That the Keeper of the Prison of the Poultry Compter do, Tomorrow Morning, bring up John Shephard, a Prisoner in his Custody, in order to his being examined as a Witness before the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, ‘ of the City of London, in Common* council assembled, and other Petitions, relating to the Charitable Corporation, fur Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, arc referred; and that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant accordingly.

Ordered, That the Warden of the Fleet Prison do bring up Thomas Oejland, a Prisoner in his Custody, Tomorrow Morning, in order to his being examined as a Witness before the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common-council assembled, and otherPetitions. relating to the Charitable Corporation, for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, are referred; and that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant accordingly.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will* upon Monday Morn- L*ngua£,e of ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Proceeding! House, upon the Bill, that all Proceedings in Courts of in Law, Justice shall be in the English Language.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 31*

Anno 40 Georgii ID Regis, 173is

Witr.rfTrs

Ordered to atttr.d.

Prayers,

AP ETITION of Robert Dnlrymple, Esquire, in behalf of the present Ministers of the Town of Dundee, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, that the Inhabitants of the said Town are greatly increased, and the Provision, made for the Three Ministers thereof, is so very small, that it is not sufficient to support them: And therefore praying, that out of the Duty granted, and intended to be continued by the Bill, depending in this

8 House,

1 f Duntie* Ministers Stipends,

Flecknoe

inclosure*

St. John

CIcrkenwellj Mi nifter's JUaiKtcuance.

706 31° Ma1751,

House, for continuing the Duty of Two Penies or One-sixth Part of a Pcny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale or Beer, thaj shall be vended or sold within the Town of Dundee, and Privileges thereof, for paying the publick Debts of the said Town, repairing the Harbour there, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, some Provision may be made, for augmenting the present Stipends, payable to the said Ministers, or that such other Relief may be given to them, as the House shall think lit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-(ideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir 'fames Campbell, Sir Robert Monroe, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Huxley, Mr. Towers, Mr. Vincent. Mr. Drummond, Mr. Ingram, Mr.

Mr. York, Mr. Digby, Mr. Mr. Earle, Mr.

Compton, Mr. Fenwick, Mr. Shafto, Mr. Mr.

Alderman Child, Mr. Earl, Mr. Harley, Mr.

Mr. Longueville, Mr. Pi timer, Mr. More, Mr. , Mr.

Bacon. Mr. Conduit', and all the Members, that serve for North Britain; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Digby presented to the House ("according to Older) a Bill for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, and common Grounds, called Fields, in

the Parish of kVolfhamcoat, in the County of and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for providing a Maintenance for the Minister > of the Church of Saint John, in the County of Middlesex, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Petition of Charles Ley, Clerk, Minister of the Parish Church of in the County of Middlesex, and of the Churchwardens, and principal Inhabitants, of the said Parish, on behalf of themselves, and many others, inhabiting within the same Parish, which was presented to the House the Twenty-ninth Day of March instarit, and was then read, and ordered to lie upon the Tabic until the Second Reading of the said Bill, be referred to the said Committee; and that the Petitioners, if they think fit, be heard by themselves, or Counfd, before the said Committee, according to the Prayer of their Petition.

A Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the new Dif trift, taken out of the ancient Parish of James, -1tnwell, in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, that the Division of the said Parish was contrary to their good Liking, and that of the much greater Number of the Parishioners, in regard there was no Necessity for it, the old Church being large enough to hold all the Parishioners, usually reiorting thereto, and as conveniently situated, as the Chapel there, lately made a Church, and which the Petitioners apprehend to be a very improper Building for such Purpose, and likely to bring a great Charge and Burthen upon them in some Years; and, as the Inconveniences, arising to the Petitioners from the said Division of the Parish, are likely to be increased, and they greatly prejudiced in their Rights, by the Bill, depending in this House, for providing a Maintenance for the Minister of the Church of St. John, Clerkenwell, they pray, they may be heard by themselves, or Counfd, against such Parts of the said Bill, as they apprehend to be prejudicial to them, and that they may be relieved, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bdl for providing a Maintenance for the Minister of the Church of 22.

St. John Clerkenwell, in the County of Middlesex, is

committed; and that the Petitioners, if they thi ik lit, be heard by themselves, or Counsel, before the said Committee, according to the Prayer of their Petition.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the fid Committee, that they do admit the Petitioners for the Bid to be heard by themselves, or Counsel, at the same time they hear the other Petitioners upon their Petitions.

The House being informed, that Mr. Richard Lee,

Clerk of the publick Office of the Masters in Chancery, of Solia.* attended at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, a List of all Persons that have been admitted Solicitors by the Mailers of the high Court of Chancery in pursuance of the Act, passed in the Second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for the better Regula: ion of Attorneys and Solicitors, as well before, as since, the First Day of December last, with the Places of their usual Abode, when and where admitted, and by whom, since the last Lifts, laid before this House: Examined with the original Lifts, or Books of Entry, kept in the publick Office, to be inspected by all, who shall think fit; wherein are inferred the Names of all those Persons of Quality and Distinflion, who have certified each Solicitor to be of Integrity,

Ability, and fit to be admitted, which, for avoiding Prolixity, are not set down in this Lift.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Lift do lie upon the Table, to perused by the Members of the House.

The said Lift is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed, that Mr. Clerk

of the Eflbins of the Court of Common Pleas, attended '"Cwnmoa at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented " to the House, pursuant to their Order, A Table of the ancient Fees, claimed and taken by Thomas Ciendon,

Clerk of the F.lToins of the Court of Common Pleas at IVt estminster.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Table of Fees was read.

Ordered, That the said 'Fable of Fees do lie upon the

Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Table of Fees is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed, that Mr. Daw, Clerk of Di;to. the King's Silver Office in the Court of Common Pleas, attended at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, A Table of Fees, claimed by William Dazv, Clerk of the King's Silver Office in his Majesty's Court of Common Pleas at Westminster.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Table of Fees was read.

Ordered, That the said Table of Fees do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Table of Fees is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A Bill for enlarging the Term granted by an Act, St. Altam pafl"ed in the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act for repairing " the Highways through the several Parishes of St.

" Michael, St. Albans, St. Peter, , and South

" Mims, in the Counties of Hertford and Middlesex," was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Mr. Gape, Mr. fVyndham, Mr. Lord Morpeth,

Mr. Pu/teney, Sir A bra. Elton, Mr. Earle, Mr. 0?U-thorpe, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Tre Mr. New land, Kir. Ongley, Mr. Cross, Mr. Or/ebur, Mr. Radge, Mr. Hex-lev, Mr. Burchett, Mr. Camp be/, Mr. Tower, Mr.

Mr. Annefev, St Thomas ClarkMr. Phillips, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. More, Mr. Howe, Sir Milner, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Andrews, Mr. Alderman Child,

Mr. Bacon. Mr. Cary, Mr. Roicney, Mr.

Mr.

4 Geo. II. 3 ib Martii. — 1° 7 07

Mr. Henley, Sir Clobery Noel, Mr. IValcoi, Mr. Deve- divers Merchants, Traders, Shopkeepers, Master-work-

reux, Mr. Kemp, Mr. Hilton, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Hen-ley, men, and Manufacturers, of the City of H^tflmi'njler, in Mr. Shafto; and all the Members, that serve for the behalf of themselves, and others, and also upon the Counties of Hertford, Middlesex, and Bedford: And Petition of divers Merchants, Traders, Shopkeepers,' they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, Silk Weavers, Mailer-workmen, and Manufacturers,

in the Speaker's Chamber.

Colonial Ordered, That the Commissioners for Trade and Plan-mports into tations do lay before this House, a Copy of their Report, Ire and dated the Eighteenth of March inllant, on the Petition of the Merchants and Traders of the City of Dublin concerning the Importation of unenumerated Commodities from his Majesty's Plantations in America into Ireland.

Gndrtone An ingrossed Bill for the more effectual repairing the Road. *Road leading from Godstone, in the County of Surry, to Highgate, at the Entrance into Ashdown Forest, in the Parish of East Grinf.cd, in the County of was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals; and that the Title be. An Act for the more effectual repairing the Road leading from Godstone, in the County of Surry, to High gate, at the Entrance into Forest, in the

Parish of East Grinfled, in the County of Stiffex.

Ordered, That Mr. Butler do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Colonial a Bill for the better feeuring and encouraging the

ra e* Trade of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America, was

read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

WWflVs The Serjeant at Arms, attending the House, being Custjd"t0 ca^e(^ upon to 2ive an Account, what had been done in relation to the taking William Satchivell and Leonard Boulter; the Messengers who were lent in Search of them, acquainted the House, that they had withdrawn themselves and were not yet taken.

Then Daniel Jevon, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, was brought to the Bur, and farther examined, touching the Dill barge of the Debt, for which he was in Execution, and his withdrawing himself.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

And the House being informed, that William Satellited is now taken, he was called in, and examined at the Bar touching the Matters aforesaid.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

And Ellis Price was called in, and examined at the Bar in relation to the said Daniel Jevon' % withdrawing himself.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, do bring Darnel Jevon, in his Custody, to be examined as a Witnesss before the Committee of the whole Hcule, who are to consider further of the Petition of tl ie Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common-council assembled, and other Petitions, relating to the Charitable Corporation, for Relief of industrions Poor, by assisting them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal interest.

'iwroMe Then the House (according to Order) resolved itself jrporation. jnt0 a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Petitions.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conduit took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conduit reported from the Committee, that they

had examined Daniel Jevon for the Petitioners against the said Corporat ion; and had further heard Counsel for the Corporation, who examined several other Witnesses, and went through their Evidence; and that the Committee had heard Counsel upon the Petition of VrOL. ‘21.

Freemen, and Inhabitants, of the City of London, and Suburbs, in behalf of themselves, and others, in favour of the said Corporation; and that the Committee had made a farther Progress in the Matter to them referred, and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock^ resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Petition o. the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City v. in Common-council assembled, and other Petitions, relating to the Charitable Corporation, for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, do, Tomorrow Morning, bring up William Satchivell and Daniel Jevon, in his Custody, in order to their being further examined.

Ordered, That William Waite do attend this House To morrow Morning.

Ordered, That David Avery do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Henry Bii/ly do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Catharine Jevon do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, shewing, what was the Amount of the capital Stock of the Charitable Corporation, for Relief of industrioua Poor, by assisting them with small Sums* upon Pledges, at legal Interest, together with the Number of Shares thereon, as the said Stock, and Shares, flood at Michaelmas last, and what increase, if any, has been upon the same since that time.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the several Papers, which have been Gibraltar, presented to this House, in relation to the Works, carried on by the Spaniards before Gibraltar, be taken into Consideration upon Monday next, at Twelve of the Clock, and nothing to intervene.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Preftbury whom the Bill for exchanging, dividing, and inclosing, Inclosure. the common Fields, common Meadows, and common and waste Grounds, within the Manor of in

the County of Gloucester,.....be taken into Considera*

tion Tomorrow Morning, at Eleven of the Clock.

Resolved, That this House will, upon next, at Exportation

Twelve of the Clock, and nothing to intervene, resolve of Wool, itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Heads fora Bill for more effectual preventing the Exportation of Woo! from Great Britain, and of Wool, and Wool manufactured, from Ireland, to foreign Parts.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

yovisj i° die Aprilis;

Anno 40 Georgii IP1 Regis, 1731.

Prayers.

THE House being moved, that the First Clause prrfervarion in an Act, passed in the Parliament of Scotland, of Game. March 25th, 1707, for preserving the Game, might be read;

And the said Clause being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Preservtion of the Game, is committed, that they have Power to receive a Clause, to anted an Act, passed in the Parliament of Scotland.

the

Supply Bill* Laud Tax.

Archbishop

of Yotk\ &c. Estate.

Shafto's

Marriage

Settlement.

Leave of Absence.

Archbishop of York'*, ice. Eliate.

Regulating Weights of Carriage.

Charitable

Corporation.

708 1° Aprili 1731.

the 25th Day of March, 1707, intituled, "An Act for " preserving the Game," with respect to the Time, within which Muir Fowl is by the said Act prohibited to be killed.

An ingrossed Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great , for the

Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-one, was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the

Bill.

Profs L. *

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title he. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Brifor the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-one.

Ordered, That Sir Charles "Turner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. ! ijnd

Mr. To t bill:

Mr Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for making, arid rendering effectual, an Exchange of the Estates therein mentioned, in the County of York, between Lancelot, Lord Archbishop of York, and John Aiflabie, Esquire; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And aKb,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable John Shafto, Esquire, to make a suitable Settlement upon a y Woman he shall marry, and Provision for younger Children

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Cholmley T, Esquire, have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for making, and rendering effectual, an Exchange of the Estates therein mentioned, in the County of between Lancelot, Lord Archbishop of York, and John

Aijiabie, Esquire, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill to prevent the carrying excessive Weights upon the publick Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House being informed, that the Accomptant to the Charitable Corporation, for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with final I Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, attended at the Door, he was called in, and, at the B\r, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, An Account of the capital Stock, or Fund, of the Charitable Corporation, as it flood at Michaelmas Jp.fl, with the Number of Shares thereon, and what Increase has been upon the same since that time, to this first Day of April, 1731, inclusive.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said* Account was read.

And the Laid Account is as followeth; viz.

An ACCOUNT of the capital Stock, or Fund, of the Charitable Corporation, as it flood at Michaelmas last, with the Number of Shares thereon, and what Increase has been upon the same since that time, to this First Day of April, 1731. inclusive. The Money paid into the Fund at s.

Michaelmas last - - - 227,11410 —

Paid into the Fund since that time - 86,975 ——

Total - - £.314,089 10 —

The Number of Shares at Michaelmas

last - - - 45.422 tV

The Number of Shares since that time j7,395

Total- - - 62,817 A

Examined per J. IVainew, Accomptant.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common-council assembled, and other Petitions, relating to the Charitable Corporation, for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest.

Mr. Dockminique, from the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

Copies and Extracts of such Accounts or Informations, as the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations have received, of the manufactuiing or making of Woollen, Linen, and Cotton, Cloths, in New England, Hew York, New Jersey, Pcnfilvania, and Rhode'Island, vviiat Directions, or instructtons, have been given to the several Governors thereupon, and such Accounts of the Progress made in the said Provinces, in the planting Hemp, or Flax, as have come to the Knowledge of the said Commissioners; together with a List of them: And alto,

Copy of a Report from the Board of Trade, dated the iSth of March, 1730, on the Petition of the Merchants and Traders of the City of Dublin, concerning the Importation of unenumerated Commodities trom his Majesty's Plantations in America into Ireland.

And the said Lift, and the Title of the said Report, were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The laid Papers are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, ... the Order for the House to resolve itfelt into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Commor-council assembled, and other Petitions, relating to the Charitable Corporation, for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with small hums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, be now read.

And the said Order being read;

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conduit took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker re fumed the Chair.

Mr. Conduit reported from the Committee, that they had heard the Counsel for the Petitioners against the said Corporation, by way of Reply, who examined another Witness, and fumined up their Evidence; and that the Committee had come to a llesolution, which they had directed him to report to the House; and had also directed him to make a Motion, when the House will pi case to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-morrmv Morning.

The Order, for taking into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for exchanging, dividing, and inclosing, the common Fields, common Meadows, and common and waste Grounds, within the Manor of Prejibury, in the County of being read;

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Scvcn-night, resolve itself intoa Committee of the wlroie House,

to

Woollen Maiiilaf.it in Ani-.tiu.

CIuriut»>

Corpora

of &.!<»

4 Geo. II. i° — 2& A709

to consider of Heads, for a Bill for further encouraging i-cj. the Manufacture of British Sail-cloth.

Preservstion Refolded, That this House will, upon Saturday Morn-x of Game. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better Preservation of the Game.

Witnesse* The Serjeant at Arms attending the House, being ordered to called upon, acquainted the House, that Poulter

is not yet taken.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do. Tomorrow Morning, bring up William Satcbzvell and Daniel Jevon, in his Custody, in order to their being further examined.

Ordered, That William Waite do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That David Avery do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Henry Bully do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Catherine Jevon do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Preftburjr Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Iaclosure. w}lom the Bill for exchanging, dividing and inclosing, the common Fields, common Meadows, and common and waste Grounds, within the Manor of , in

the County of Gloucester,..... be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning, at Eleven of the Clock.

Manchester Ordered, That Mr. Sandys have Leave to make a Workhouse. Motion, it being pad Six of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly:

Ordered, That the Order, of the 24th of March last, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the - . whole House Tomorrow, upon the Bill for erecting a

Workhouse in the Town of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, for the better maintaining and em-. ploying the Poor of the hud Town, be discharged.

Resolved, That this House wilL, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee oi the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Petitioners, the principal Inhabitants, Traders, and Land-owners, within the Town of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, whose Names are subscribed to their Petition, on behalf of . themselves, and others, the greatest Part of the Inhabitants, Traders, and Land-owners, within the said Town, be heard by themselves, or Counsel, if they think fit, before the said Committee, upon their said Petition, on Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That it be an Indraft ion to the said Committee, that, when they hear Counsel upon the said Petition, they do admit Counsel to be heard in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

F eneris, 2° die Aprilis;

Anno 4* Georgii IIJi Regis, 1731. Pbaysjrs.

Gloucester "A/TR. Romney reported from the Committee, to whom Road*. JLYI the Bill for repairing the several Roads leading from Chapel on the Heath, in the County of Oxon, to the Quarry above Bourton on the Hill, and from Tid-tn ing ton Bridge, and Stretton Heath, to the upper End of Broadwell Wall, in the County of Glove tfler, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and ' that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Vql. 21. ‘

Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the said Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question feye-rally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to oae of them, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House being informed, that Mr. Richard Lee, Fees taken Clerk of the publick Office of the Mailers in Chancery, attended at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, ‘iancer7-presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, A Lift of the several Fees, claimed by thp Mailers of the high Court of Chancery, and their Clerks.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Lift do lie upon the Table* to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House being informed, that Mr. Cartwright, De- Fees taken puty to his Grace the Duke of Cleveland, attended at in Courts of the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to King'sBench the House, pursuant to their Order, A Lift of Fees, pieas>0mm0a taken by his Grace William Duke of Cleveland, Receiver-general apd Comptroller of the Profits, arising- by the Seals of the Courts of King's Bench and Common Pleas.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Lift do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House being informed, that Mr. Barber, Deputy Officers and to the Treasurer Remembrancer in the Court of Exche- F«s of the quer, attended at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Sou^ of Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, A C equer* Lift of the several Officers in the Treasurer Remembrancer's Office in the Court of Exchequer, and of the Fees claimed by them.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Lift was read/

Ordered, That the said Lift do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid several Lifts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Sir Charles Turner presented to the House .(according Supply Bill; to Order) a Bill for raising One million Two hundred railing a thousand Pounds by Annuities and a Lottery, in Manner therein mentioned; and the same was received, and *' read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the ingrafted Bill for repairing and nfordcombe keeping in Repair, the Pier and Harbour of llfordcombe, Harbour, in the County of Devon, be read the Third time Tomorrow Sevennjght.

Ordered, That the Petitioners against the said Bill be heard by themselves, or Counsel, if they think fit, upon their Petition, presented to the House the 15th Day of Marth last, at the Third Reading of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Petitioners for the said Bill be heard by themselves, or Counsel, if they think fit, upon their Petition, presented to the House the 29th Day of March last, at the Third Reading of the said Bill.

Sir Roger Meredith presented to the House (according Gravesend to Order) a Bill for rebuilding the Parish Church of Church. Gravesend, in the County of Kent, as One of the Fifty new Churches, dirfe&ed to be built by Two Acts of Parliament, one made in the Ninth, and the other in the Tenth, Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen

Anne iand the same was received, and read the First

me.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Earle presented to the House (according to Preventing Order) a Bill for the more effectual preventing Frauds Frauds by committed by Tenants; and the feme was received. enam'

8 R Ordered,

7io

A. 1731.

Preftbury Ordered, That the Order, for taking into Consideration Iaclofur*. the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for exchanging, dividing, and inclosing, the common Fields, common Meadows, and common and waste Grounds, within the Manor of Pr in the County of Gloucester, was Committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingossed.

Lo'd ' An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for exemplifying the will of , late Lord,

and for making the same Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity in Great Britain, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. , Sir Geo. Saville, Mr. York, Mr. La Roche, Major Compton, Sir James Campbell, Sir Keyte, Mr.

Sir John Rushout, Mr. Alderman Child, Sir Robert Sutton, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Bacon, Sir Wm. Mr.

Walpole, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Gape, Mr.

Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Earle, Mr. Cary, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Bevan, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Norris, Mr. Oglethorp, Lord Percival, Mr. Mr.

Colonel Read, Sir Roger Meredith, Mr. Conduit, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Lord Gage; and all the Members that fervre for the County of Salop: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing divers Parcels of Broughton Commons, and waste Grounds, lying within the Manor Inclosure. Qf West Broughton, in the Parish of Dovebridge, in the County of Derby, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Treby, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Heathcote, Mr. York, Mr. Bevan, Sir Charles Turner, Sir Wm. Yonge, Sir James Mr. Whitworth,

Major Compton, Mr. Longueville, Sir Robert Sutton, Colonel Bladen, Mr. Tufnel, Mr. Palmer, Captain Vernon, Mr. Earle, Mr. Bond, Mr. Lewis, Lord Malpas, Mr. Holland, Sir John Barington, Sir Justinian Isham, Sir John Williams, Sir Robert Furnesse, Mr. Bramston, Mr. land, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Baron Birch, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Eversfield, Mr. Crops, Mr. Master, Mr. Lyster;and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Stafford, Chester, and Derby: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Colonial A Petition of Francis Wilks, Agent for his Majesty's Trade. Province of the Massachusetts Bay, and also Agent for his Majesty's Colony of Connecticut, in New England, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, that, if the Bill depending in this House, for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies n America, should pals, it will be very prejudicial to, and tend greatly to the Impoverishment of, his Majesty's faithful Subjects, in all his Northern Colonies, particularly in the Massachusetts Bay, and and to the

Ruin of many Thousand Families there, and will be very prejudicial to the Trade and Navigation of those Parts of the British Dominions, as well as to the general Trade, Commerce, and Navigation, of this Kingdom: And therefore praying, that he may be heard by his Counsel against the said Bill, or have such other Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard by his

Counsel, if he thinks fit, before the said Co.nmittee, according to the Prayer of hie Petition.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, chat they do admit Counsel to be beard at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the Bill to explain and amend a Clause Rtplnj in an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Second, for making more effectual levefal Acts passed, relating to Watermen, Wherrymen, and Lightermen, rowing on the River Thames, so far as the same relates to Ferry-boats, and flat-bottomed Boats, be read a Second time upon Sevennight.

A Petition of the Rulers, Auditors, and Assistants, of the Company of Watermen and Lightermen, of the River of Thames, in behalf of themselves, and others; and also,

A Petition of the Watermen and Lightermen, inhabiting in the City and Liberty of Westminster, in behalf of themselves, and others; and also,

A Petition of the Watermen and Lightermen, working on the River Thames, in flit-bottomed Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, between Kingston Bridge, in the County of Surrey, and Windsor Bridge, in the County of Berks, on behalf of themselves, and others;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; alleging, that, by having served Apprenticeships on the River Thames, they are legally entitled to the Liberty and Privilege of working on the said River, for the Maintenance of themselves and Families, and get their Living by working in Boats, Lighters, Barges, and other Vessels, on the said River, from London to Windsor, in carrying Passengers, Goods, Luggage, and other Things; and that, if the Bill, depending in this House, to explain and amend a Clause in an Act, passed in the Second Year of his Majesty's Reign, for making more effectual several Acts, relating to Watermen, fcsV. should pals, it will give Power to Persons, who have not served Apprentice-ships, to work and use Ferry-boats, flat-bottomed Boats, Barges, and Vessels, upon the said River; which will not only lay the Navigation of the River under the like Disorders, Mischiefs, and Damages, it was subject to before the Act of the nth and 12th of King Willians the Third, but the Petitioners will be highly injured, and their Families muftcome to their Parishes, their Apprentices will leave them, and none, for the future, will serve an Apprenticeship to any Waterman, or Lighterman, and consequently no Regulation can be enforcedon the said River: And therefore praying, that they may be heard by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, before any thing be done to the Prejudice of their Rights, or that they may have such other Relief, as to the House shall seem meet,

Ordered, That the said Petitions do lie upon the Table, until the Bill to explain and amend a Clause in an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Second, for making more effectual several Acts passed, relating to Watermen, Wherrymen, and Lightermen, rowing on the River Thames, so far as the same relates to Ferry-boats, and flat-bottomed Boats, be read a Second time and that the Petitioners, if they think fit, be then heard by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill.

A Petition of Richard Partridge, Agent for the Pro- Cokm«l vince of New Jersey, and also Agent for the Colony of Rhode Island, and Providence Plantations, in America, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, that, if the Bill depending in this House, for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America, should pass, it will be very prejudicial to, and tend greatly to the Impoverishment of, the King's faithful Subjects in his Northern Colonies, particularly in

{at

ions

[ini

lop

llpilK

4 Geo. II. 2° Aprilis.

New Jersey, Rhode Island, and Providence Plantations,; <r.. aforesaid: And therefore praying, on behalf of the said

Providence, and Colony, that Counsel may be heard for ‘" s\ them against the said Bill, or that they may have such other Relief, as shall be thought just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-":v. sideration of the Committee of the whole House, to

whom the Bill for the better securing and encouraging

the Trade of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America,

V. is committed j and that the Petitioner be heard by his

1Counfel, if he thinks fit, before the Committee, according to the Prayer of the said Petition.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Supply Bill; Ordered, That the Order, for the House to resolve

Smiting itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the

t. ' Fun<1, Bill for the further Application of the Sinking Fund, be

now read.

The said Order being read;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

- - Encoumje- A Bill to continue the Duties for Encouragement of C c!k!c the Coinage of Money, was read a Second time.

® Re/ofved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

-- Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

" charitable Mr. Conduit, (according to Order) reported from the . Corporation. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in r.-.v Common-council assembled, and other Petitions, relating to the Charitable Corporation, for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, the Resolution, they had directed him to .: report to the House; which he read in his Place, and after-

wards delivered in at the Clerk's Table i where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

.; That the Charitable Corporation, for Relief of industrious

Poor, by assisting them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, have lent Money in large Sums, for ,.T which, under the Colour and Pretence of reasonable

Costsand Charges, they haveexaded and taken after the Rate of Five Pounds in the Hundred for a Year over and above legal Interest, and therefore ought to be regulated, and restrained.

The laid Resolution being read a Second time.

Resolved, nemine contradicente. That the House doth ‘j, agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That

", the Charitable Corporation, for Relief of industrious

; Poor, by assisting them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at

legal Interest, have lent Money in large Sums, for which,

, under the Colour and Pretence of reasonable Costs and

Charges, they have exuded and taken after the Rate of Five Pounds in the Hundred for a Year, over and above legal Interest, and therefore ought to be regulated, and restrained.

Mr. Conduit also acquainted the House, that he was f*v directed by the Committee to move, that Leave may

be given to bring in a Bill for regulating the lending of Vot. 21.

Money upon Pledges, and for preventing Usury and Extortion.

And he moved she House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for regulating and restraining the Charitable Corporation, for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, and for regulating the lending of Money upon Pledges by any other Body Politick or Corporate, or other Persons, and for preventing Usury and Extortion; and that Mr Mr.

La Roche, Mr. George Heathcote, Mr. Oglethorpe, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. Earle, and Mr. Robert Hucks, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, Cat wick that, his Majesty having been informed of the Contents Inclosure. of the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act For making Divisions, Inclosures, and Allotments, of the open Corn Fields and Pastures in the Lordship of Catwick in the County of York, and for settling and establishing the Payment of a yearly Sum to the Rector of Catwick aforesaid, and his Successors, in lieu of Tythes, pursuant to Agreement between the present Rector, and Proprietors of the said Lands, his Majesty had been pleased to command him to acquaint this House, that, as to his Majesty's Interest, he gives his Consent, that this House may do therein, as they think fit.

The Orders, for the bringing up William Satchwell Attendance and Daniel Jevon, and -for the Attendances of °* Witoefles.

Waiter David Avery, Henry Bully, and Catherine Jevon, were read.

And the Serjeant at Arms, attending the House, being called upon, acquainted the House, that Leonard Poulter is not yet taken.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, that a Cori-spiracy hath been carried on, to hinder Daniel Jevon from appearing as a Witness before the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common-council assembled, and other f'etitions, relating to the Charitable Corporation, for Relief of industrious Poor, by afliftitig them with small Sums.Yipon Pledges, at legal Interest.

Resolved', That it appears to this Hdufe, that William Satchwell was concerned in the said Conspiracy.

Resolved, That the said Wm. Satchwell is thereby guilty of a high Crime and Misdemeanor.

Ordered, That the said William Satchwell be, for his laid Offence, committed close Prisoner to his Majesty's Prison of the Gatehouse, Westminster; and that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants accordingly.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, that Leonard Poultcr was concerned in the said Conspiracy.

Resolved, That the said Leonard Poulter is thereby guilty of a high Crime and Misdemeanor.

Ordered, That the said Leonard Poulter be, for his said Offence, committed close Prisoner to his Majesty's Prison of the Gatehouse, Westminster} and that Mr. Speaker do, issue his Warrants accordingly.

Ordered, That Daniel Jevon, who was taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, in order to his being examined before this House, be dise charged out of Custody, without paying any Fees.

Ordered, That William Waite be discharged from his Attendance on this House.

Ordered, That David Avery be discharged from his Attendance on this House.

Ordered, That Henry Bully be discharged from his Attendance on this House.

Ordered, That Catherine Jevon be discharged from her Attendance on this House.

The Order being read, for the House to resolve itself Exportation into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of at'Wool* Heads for a Bill for the more effectual preventing the

Exportation

Supply-

Dundee

Ministers

Stipends.

7.1-2

2° — 3° Aprdis. 1731.

Exportation of Wool from Great Britain, and.of Wool, and Wool manufactured from Ireland, to foreign Parts;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they hayc Power to consider of the Dpty upon Woollen and Bay Yarn, imported from Ireland into England.

Ordered, That the Account of the Duty paid for Woollen and Bay Yarn, imported into England from Ireland, from Christmas 1715, to Christmas 1729, distinguish-Ing each Year, and how the same (lands appropriated, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of what Wool has been imported into England from Ireland, from 1715, to Christmas 1729, distinguishing each Year, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of what Woollen and Bay Y^rn has been imported into England from ffopr

Christmas i^t5, \o Christmas 1729, distinguishing each

Year, be referred to the Co/npiitt^e.

' Then the House refylved it (elf into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr- Cary took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair,

Mr. Cary reported from the Committee, ^hat they had made some Progress ,in the Matter to them referred; and that the Committee had jdifefted him to move, that they may have Leave to (it again'.

Resolved, That this JHloufe will* upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Copimittee of the ijvhole Hpufe, to consider further of Hpjids for a Rill (for more effectual preventing the Exportation of Wool from Great Britain, and of Wool, aijd. Wool manufactured, from Ireland, toforeigp Parts.

The other Order- of the Day being read;

~ Resolved, That this House will, upon thisDay Seven-.piglit, resolve Rfe/f iqtq a Committee Qf thje whole ffoufe,;so consider further of the Supply granted to hip

Majesty-/ >' " ‘

Harbour there, and fonother Purposes therein mentioned, that they, have Power to receive aClause, for allowing to the Three Ministers within the said Town, and their Successors, an Augmentation of their present Stipends out of the said Duty.

An ingrossed Bill for exchanging, dividing, and inclosing, the common Fields, common Meadows, and common waste Grounds, within the Manor of Preftbw)', in the County of Gloucester, was read the Third time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for exchanging, dividing, and inclosing, the common Fields, common Meadows, and common and waste Grounds, within the Manor of in the County of Gloucester.

Ordered, That Colonel Read do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Caunfel be admitted to be heard in favour of the Bril to explain and amend a Clause in an Act, passed in the Second Year of tlje Reign of his present Majesty King George the Second, for making more effectual several Acts passed, relating to Watermen, Whepy-men, and Lightermen, rowing on the River Thames, so far as the same relates to Ferry-boats, and flat-hottomed Boats, at the Second Reading of the said3^11, lyhenCoun-fel are heard upon the Petitions against the lame.

A 3(11 for the more effectual preventing Frauds, committed by Tenants, was read the First time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for raising One million Two hundred Thousand Pounds by Annuities and a Lottery, in Manner therein mentioned, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be commrtted.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve Rself ipto a Corjimittee ,or the whole House, upon the said Bjll.

PrtilbwT

loclufuie.

*4

Wateraa,

h^ U

Fimdi hj Team

Supply B£; railing i$a by Adqducv &c.

And tlrep ftie House adjouyned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock. , j

Sabi tit if30 die;

Anno 4# Georgii IT1! Regis, 1731, Prayers.

1R James Campbell reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Robert Dalrymple, Esquire, ip behalf of the present Ministers of the Town of Dundee^ was referred.; that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him so report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz. 1 '

The Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, proceeded to examine the Matter of, the faip Petition; and, to prove the Allegations thereof, Witnesses were called; viz.'

Mr. Patrick Teamans, and Mr. John who,

being severall.y examined, said, that the Inhabitants of the Town of Dundee are greatly increased of late Years, and daily increasing; and that the Provision; made for the Three Ministers of the said Town, is so final!, haying had no Augmentation to their Stipends linde the llefor-m^tion, that it is not sufficient to suppoR them, and their Families.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Duty of Two Penies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Pcny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale or Beer, that shall be vended or sold within the Town of Dundee, and Privileges thereof, for paying the publick Debts of the said Town, repairing the

The House being moved, that a Clause in an Act, SewKn* mfde in the Tenth Year of his late Majesty's Reiga, in- cW,it' iituled " An Act for the better viewing, searching, and " examining, all Drugs, Medicines, Waters, Oils, Comir pofitiorvs, used, or t.o be used, for Medicines, in all *f Places, where the same shall be exposed to Sale, qrkepf " for that Purpose, within the City of and Suburbs

" therepf, or within Seven Miles Circuit of the said City," which relatft tp Appeals from the Judgment of the Censors of the College of Physicians to the said College, in Cafes, where thp Censors adjudge Medicines, 13c. to be defective, might be read;

And the said Glause being re$d;

A Motion was made, and the Qpcftion being put,

That it be an Inftry&ion to the Committee, to who® thp Biir for continuing fevpral Acts therein mentioned, is committed, that they haye Power tq receive a Clause, or Gfeufe?, to ^mond a Clause in One of the said Acts, for viewing Drugs, Aledicines, Waters, Oils, and Compo-fitions, for Medicines, which relates to Appeals from the Judgment of the Censor of the College of Physicians (0 the said College, in, Cafe?, where the Censors shall adjudge any Medicines, Drugs, Waters, Oils, or Cqpipo-fitiops, to be defective, corrupted, or decayed, and not meet to be used in Medicine;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tollers for the Yeas, { ^r' }»

Tolte for the Noes, f }

So it passed in the Negative.

A Mefloge. from the Lords, by Mr. Thomas Bennett and Mr. Thurston:

Mr.

4 Geo. II. 3° Apr,713

Mr. Speaker,

V ic. The Lords have pifTcd a Bill, ihlituled, An for titate. confirming an Agreement for exchanging of Lands, made

between Edmund Ha/Jey, Esquire, deceased, and the Pa-

'tron, and Vicar, of Stoke in the County of Bucks;

to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

V jnpiy bw Sir Charles Turner (according to Order) reported from imkii.g the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill

Fund. for the further Application of the Sinking Fond, was

committed, the Amendments the Committee had made r . to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report td

the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and i.afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where t e said Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingross'ed.

wencsn Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, that their iQl!h Address. That his Majesty would be graciously pleased to . 6S6. give Directions, that a Copy of the Treaty of Peace, good Correspondence, and Neutrality, in , between the King of Great Britain and the French King, dated the 16th of November 1686, might be laid before tliiji House, had been presented to his Majesty; and that he had received his Majesty's Commands to lay before this House, Copy of the Treaty of Peace, good Correspondence, and Neutrality, in between Great Britain and France, dated the -Asth Day of November 1686 j with a Translation thereof.

And Mr. Comptroller presented the same to the House accordingly.

And the Title thereof was read.

The Translation of the said Treaty is as followeth; viz.

-*. WH EREAS tire most serene and most jx>tent Prince,

'James the Second, King of Great Britain, and the most serene and most potent Prince, Lewis the Fourteenth, the most Christian King of France and have

hi nothing more at Heart, than daily to strengthen more and

more the mutual Friendship between themselves, and the if: sincere Union and Corresponde>nce between their King-

doms, Dominions, and Subjects; and whereas they have thought fit, with that View, to enter into a Treaty of Peace, good Correspondence, and Neutrality, in America, by which all Controversies and Differences, which should happen to arise between the Subjects of both Crowrs m those remote Parts, may be prevented, as much as pose; fible; the most serene Kings have appointed Plenipotentiaries on both Sides, to treat and assemble upon this Matter; to wit, the above-mentioned King of Great Britain, the Lords, George Baron Jeffreys of IVem, Great Chancellor of England, Lawrence Earl of Rochester, High Treasurer of England, Robert Eaiiof Sunderland, Proficient of the Privy Council, and one of the Principal Secretaries of State, Charles Earl of Middleton, another of the principal Secretaries 6f State, and Sidney Lord Godal-phin, his Majesty's Privy Counsellors, and the above-mentioned most Christian King, the Lord cf Amoncourt, Marquis of an ordinary Coun-

fellor in his Counsel of State, and his Ambassador Extraordinary; who, after duly exchanging their full Powers; have agreed on the following Articles:

1.

It is concluded and agreed, that from this Day forward there be a firm Peace, Union, Amity, and good Corre-| spondence, as well by Land, as by Sea, between the Bri-

iifh and French Nations in America, as well Northern, at

Southern, and within the Wands, Colonies, Forts, Cities* and Governments (without Exception of Places) belonging to the most serene King of Great Britain, or to the Irtoft serene most Christian King, in America, and which ' are under the Jurisdiction of either King respectively.

V01. 21.

2.

That no Ships or Vessels, great or final!, belonging to the most serene King of Great Britain's Subjects in the said EngH/h lllattds, Colonies, Forts, Cities, and Govern*

ments, shall be fitted out. or employed, to invade off attack the most serene most Christian King's Subjects inf their Wands, Colonies, Forts, Cities, and Governments, at to do them any Injury or Damage: in like Manner, that no Ships or Vessels, great or final], belonging to the most serene rhoft Christian King's Subjects in the said l french Wands, Colonies, Forts, Cities, and Governments, shall be fitted out, or employed, to invade Or attack the most serene King of Great Britain's Subjects in theie Wands, Colonies, Forts, Cities, and Governments, or to-do them any Injury of Damage.

3

Thalt nd Soldiers, armed Men, or any Others whatsoever, inhabiting and living in the said Rkglish Wands, Colonies, Forts, Cities, and Governments, or who com# out of Eutope, to be in Garffifbn there, shall commit any Act of Hostility, or do any Injury Or Damage, directly off indirectly, against the most serene most Christian King's Subjects in the said French Wands, Colonies, Forts, Cities, and Governments; neither shall they give any Assistance, or Supplies of Men or Victuals, to the barbarous or wild Indians, with whom the most Christian King shall have a War:

In like Manner, no Soldiers, armed Men, or any othetf whatsoever. inhabiting and living in the said French Wands,-Colonies, Forts, Cities, and Governments, or who come out of Europe, to be in Garrison there, shall commit any Act of Hostility, or do any Injury or Damage, directly or indirectly, against the most serene King of Great Brit laitfsSubjedis in the said Eitglish Wands, Colonies, Forts, Cities, and Governments; neither shall they give any Assistance, or Supplies of Men or Victuals, to the barbai rous or wild Indians, with whom the King of tain shall have a War.'

4-

- It is agreed, that both Kings shall have and retain to themselves all the Dominion, Rights, and Pre-eminences, in the American Seas, Roads, and other Waters, whatsoever, in as full and ample Manner, as of Right belongs unto them, and in such Manner, as they now pofiefe the fame. . r

5-

And therefore the Subjects, Inhabitants, Merchants, Commanders of Ships, Masters, and Mariners, of tfe# Kingdoms, Provinces, and Dominions, of each King respectively, shall abstain and forbear to trade and fish in all Places, possessed, or which shall be possessed, by the one or the other Party in America 1 vist. the King of Great Britain's Subjects shall not direct their Commerce and Trade, no# fish in the Havens, Rivers* Bays, Creeks, Roods, Shores, or Places, which the most Christian King holds, or shall hereafter hold, in; and, in like Manner, the most Christian King's Subjects shall not ciireft their Commerce and Trade, nor fish in the Haverts, Rivers, Bays, Creeks, Roads, Shores, or Places, which the King of Great Britain possesses, or shall hereafter pop fess, in those Parts: And if any Ship or Vessel shall be found trading, or fllhing, contrary to the Tenor of this Treaty, the said Ship or Vessel, with its Lading, due Proof thereof being made, shall be confiscated; never* theless, the Party, who shall find himself aggrieved by such Sentence of Corffifcation, shall have Liberty to apply himself to the Council of State of that King, by whose Governors, or Judges, the Sentence has been given against him*- and there complain of the Matter, which, nevertheless, shall not stoptbe Execution of the Sentence: But it is always to be urtderstood, that the Liberty of Navigation ought in no Manner to be disturbed, where nothing is committed against the genuine Sense of this Treaty.

6.

It is also agreed, that, in case the Subjects and Inhabitants of either of the Kings, with theit Shipping, whether

8 S publick.

American

Treaty with France in

i6$6.

714. 3* Aprilis. A. 1731.

publick, and of War, or private, and of Merchants, be which the said Inhabitants have plundered from tire forced, tbrdugh Stress of Weather, Pursuits of Pirates Subjects of either Nation; neither shall they give them and Enemies, or any other urgent Necessity, for the seeking any Assistance or Protection in their laid Plundering or of Shelter and Harbour, to retreat and enter into any of Depredations, the Rivers, Creeks, Bays, Roads, and Shores, belonging 11.

to, the:otherin America, they shall he received and treated The Governors, Officers, and Subjects, of cither King, there with all Humanity and Kindness, and enjoy all shall not in anywise molest or disturb the Subjects of friendly Protection and Benevolence; and they shall no the other, in settling their ref)x:Ctive Colonies, or in way be hindered from refreshing and providing the m- their Commerce and Navigation, fe^es, at, reasonable and the usual Rates, with Victuals,

and all Things needful, either for the Sustenance of their And, the more to assure the Subjects of the King of Persons, or Reparation of their Ships and Conveniency Great Britain and of the most Christian King, that no of their Voyage; and they shall in no Manner be detained Injury, shall be offered to them by the Ships of War, or or.hindered from returning out of the said Ports, or Roads, private Men of War, of either Side, all the Captains of but shall remove and depart, when, and whither, they the Ships, as well of his Majesty of Britain, as of the please, without any Let or Impediment; provided always, most Christian King, and all their Subjects, who shall ftt that they do not break Bulk, nor carry out of their Ships out private Men of War, and likewise their privileged any Goods, exposing them to Sale, nor receive any Mer- Companies, shall be enjoined not to do any Injury or chandize on board, nor employ themselves jn fishing, Damage whatsoever to the other; which if they do, they under the penalty of the Confiscation of Ships, and shall be punished, and moreover be liable to satisfy all Goods, as in the foregoing Article is agreed: And it is Costs and Damages, by Restitution and Reparation, further agreed, that, whensoever the Subjects of either upon Pain and Obligation of Person and Goods.

King shall be forced to enter with their Ships into the . *3-

other's Ports, as js above-mentioned, they shall be For thisCause, all the Commanders of private Men of

obliged, at their coming in, to hang out their Flag, or War shall from henceforth be obliged, before they receive Cplours of their Nation, and give Notice of their coming their Commissions, to enter, before a competent Judge, by thrice firing a Cannon, and, if they have no Cannon, into good and sufficient Security, by able and responsible by thrice firing a Musquet; which, if they shall omit to Men, who have no Part or Interest in such Ship?, in the do, and however fend their Boat on (bore, they shall be Sum of One thousand Pounds Sterling, or Thirteen liable to Confiscation. thousand Livres, and, when they have above One

7. hundred and Fifty Men, then in the Sum of Two thou-In like Manner, if any Ships, belonging to either of find Pounds Sterling, or Six-and-twenty thousand

the Kings, their People and Subjects, shall, within the Livres, that they will give full Satisfaction for any Da-Coasts or Dominions of the other, be stranded, or cast mages or Injuries whatsoever, which they, or their away, or be wrecked (which God forbid !) or suffer any Officers, or others in their Service, dial I commit, in their Damage, all friendly Assistance and Relief shall be given cruising at Sea, contrary to this present Treaty, or any to the Persons shipwrecked, or who shall be in Danger other whatsoever between the most serene King of Great thereof; and Letters of safe Conduct foall likewise be Britain, and the most serene most Christian King, and given to them, for their free and quiet Passage thence, upon Pain of Revocation, and annulling their laid Com-and the Return of every one to his own Country. millions; in which it shall be always inserted, that they

8. have given such Security, as abovesaid: And likewise it

1. When it shall happen, that the Ships of either Party, is agreed, that the Ship itself shall be also liable to make' as. is above-mentioned, through Danger of the Sea, or Satisfaction for Injuries and Damages done by her. other urgent Cause, be driven mto the Ports of the other, *4*

if they be Three or Four together, and may give just And whereas several Pirates, roving up and down the Ground of Suspicion, they shall immediately, upon their Amerifan Seas, as well Northern, as Southern, do much Arrival, acquaint the Governor, or chief Magistrate, of damnify Trade, and molest the Subjects of both Crowns the Place, with the Cause of their coniing, and, shall stay in their. Navigation and Commerce in those Parts; it is no. longer, than the said Governor, or chief Magistrate, agreed, that strict Orders shall be given to the Governors will permit, and shall be requisite and reasonable, for the and Officers of both Kings that they give no Assistance furnishing themselves with Victuals and the Reparation or Protection to any Pirates, of what Nation soever, nor 4nd. Refitting of their Ships. suffer them to have any Retreat in the Ports or Roads of

g. their respective Governments; and the said Governors

It is also agreed, that the King of Great Britain & Stib- and Officers shall also be expressly commanded to punish, jects, inhabiting the Island of St. Christopher' % , may fetch as Pirates, all such, who shall fit out any Ship or Ships Salt from the Salt Ponds there, and carry the same away, for , privateering, without. lawful Commission and as well by Sea as. by Land, without any Hindrance or Authority.

Molestation; and also, that the most Christian King's # l$ *,

Subjects, of the said Island, may enter into the Rivers of NoSubject of either King shall ask, or take, any Cotn-

the great Road there, to fetch or provide themselves with million, or Letters of Mart, for fitting out any Ship or Water; upon Condition, nevertheless, that the King of Ships, to go privateering in America, whether Northern, Great Britain' % Subjects shall only in the Day-time lade or Southern, from any Prince or State, with whom tho

Salt upon their Ships or Vessels; . and, in like Manner, other is at War; and, if any Person shall take such Com-that the most Christian King's Subjects shall fetch Water million, or Letters of Mart, he shall be punished as a in the Day-time only, and also, that the Ships or Vessels Pirate.

of either Nation respectively, which shall come for Salt, *6.

or Water, shall be obliged to give Notice of their coming. The most Christian King's Subjects shall have full

by hanging out their Flag, or Colours of their Nation, Liberty to fish for Turtles in the Islands of Cayman,

and by thrice firing a Cannon, and, if they have no pan- 17*

non, by thrice firing a Musquet; and, in case any Ship That, in case it should happen,.any Differences or Dif-

of either Nation shall trade or traffick, under Pretence of putes should arise between the Subjects of the said most

fetching Salt, or Water, the said Ship shall be con- serene Kings, in the said Islands, Colonies, Forts, Cities,

fifeated., and Governments, under the Dominion of either respect

10. tively, whether at Sea, or at Land, this Peace and good

The Subjects of either Nation shall not harbour the Correspondence shall not thereby be interrupted, or. barbarous or wild Inhabitants, or the Slaves, or Goods, infringed, but the said Differences, which may happen be-. ' ' tween

X,

:r . /

r

'V

4'Geo. IL 3 jtfpfilij.715

tween the Subjects bFlibthKiflgs, shall bfi tried; adjudged* and determined, by the Governors of each Jurisdiction respectively, where they shall have arisen, or by them) whom they shall depute; and, if the said Differences cannot within the Sp ice of One Year be determined by the said Governors, they shall transmit the fame* as soon as possible, to the most fererie Kings, to determine the same according to Justice, in such Manner, as they shall think fit.

18;

It is further concluded and agreed* that if any breach should happen, which God forbid ! between the said Crowns in Europe, no Act of Hostility* neither at Land, nor at Sea, shall however be done by any of the most fercne King of Great Britain's Garrisons, Soldiers, or Subjects whomsoever, of the Islands, Colonies, Forts, Cities, and Governments, which now are, or hereafter shall be, under the English Dominion in , against. the mod

serene most Chridian King's Subjects, inhabiting or reading in any of the American Colonies; likewise, reciprocally, that, in the abovesaid same of a Breach in no Act of Hodility* neither at L&nd* not at Sea, shall however be done by any of the most serene most Chridian Ring's Garrisons, Soldiers* or Subjects whomsoever* of the Islands* Colonies, Forts* Cities, and Governments, which now ate* or hereafter shall be* under the Preach Dominion in America, against the most serene King of Great Britain's Subjects* inhabiting in aay of the American Colonies, or redding the re; but a true and firm Peace and Neutrality shal continue in America between the said British and French Nations, in the same Manner, as if such Breach in Europe had not happened.

*9*

It is provided and agreed, that this present Treaty shall not in anywise derogate from the Treaty, concluded between the said most (erene Kings at Breda the -f 'r Day of July, in the Year of our Lord 1667; but that all and Angular the Articles and Clauses of that Treaty shall remain in Force, and be observed.

20.

That all Treaties or Articles, at any Time heretofore made and concluded between the said Nations, about the Island of St.Chrtfiopker' % , or other Places in shall be in Force, as formerly, and shall be observed on both Sides, as heretofore, unless where they shall be found to be contrary to this present Treaty.

21.

Lastly, It is agreed and concluded, that this present Treaty, and all and Angular the Matters therein contained, shall, as soon as may be, be ratified and confirmed on both Sides, and that the Ratifications thereof (lull, within the Space of Two Months from the Date of these Presents, be reciprocally and duly exchanged between both Parties, and within the Space of Eight Months, or sooner, if it may be, be published in all the Kingdoms, Dominions, and Colonies, as well in America, as elsewhere, of both the Kings.

In witness whereof, we, the Plenipotentiaries, have Agned and sealed this present Treaty. Given in his Majesty's Palace of Whitehall the W Day of November 1686.

(L. S.)Jeffreys, C. (L. S.) Barillon

(L. S .) Rechester.

(L. S.) Sunderland, P.

L. S.) Middleton.

L. S.) Godolph'm.

Ordered, That the said Treaty do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Briflnl A Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Koadj. Thirteenth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for amending the several Roads leading from " the City of Bristol," was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Abraham Elton, Sir John Rujkout, Mr. , Mr. Sandys, Sir

-Voa. 21.

tVm. Tonge, Mr. Plutnptre, Mr. Heathcote, Mr. -ville, Mr. Oglethorpe, Mr. Whitworth, Major Sehuyn,

Mr. More, Mr. Cunningham, Mr. Earle, Mr. Cross, Mr.

Knight, Mr. Fanet Mr. Bevant Mr. Laroche, Mr. nington, Mr. Fox, Sir Charles Wager, Lord Mr.

Master, Mr. Arlington, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Vincent, Sir Thomas Read, Colonel Read, Mr. West by. Sir Edward Stanley, Mr. Fenwick, Mr. Howard, Sir Henry,

Sir Robtrt Abdy, Mr . Brooksbank, Sir Mr.

Parsons, Mr. Ramsden, Sir Thomas Lowther, Sir Roger B'radjhaigh, Mr. Williams, Mr. Piumtr, Mr. Cary, Mr.

Digby, Sir Archibald Grant, Mr. and all the

Members, that serve for the Counties of So-

merfet, and Hereford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of thd Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Halsey'*, &c. for confirming an Agreement for exchanging of Lands, Elate, made between Edmund Halsey, Esquire, deceased, and the Patron, and Vicar, of Stoke Poget, in the county of,

was read the First time.

Refohid, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Digby repotted from the Committee* to whom Huneaton, the-ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for fcc.Inclosur* inclosing and dividing the common Fields* and coipmon Grounds, in the Manor of Nuneaton and , in

the County of Warwick, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill.and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned bad given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment:

And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

The other Order of the Day, for the House to resolve Preservation itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill of G*me' for the better Preservation of the Game, being read;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses, for the better Preservation of the Breed of wild Fowl.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, for better preventing the burning of Heath and Furze.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, or or Clauses, to prevent the throwing Poison into Ponds, or Rivers, and also into Places, where Dogs are kept.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, to prevent the dealing of Dogs.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, to (ettle and ascertain the Prices of all Game, which shall be fold.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they havePower to receive a Clause, to hinder Persons from coming upon the Lands of others, where such Persons have not a Right of free Warren, nor are Lords of the Manors, within which such Lands lie, to find and kill any Game there, without the Licence of the Owners of the Land so to do.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, to prevent Persons, not qualified by Law to kill the Game, from killing or taking Woodcocks.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better Preservation of the Game.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

*]i6

5® Aprilis.

A.

1731.

Luna, 5" die Aprilis;

Anno 4® Georgii II41 Regis, 1731.

P R a y t fc. s.

Catwick A K ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Inclosure. jfV for making Djvisions, Inclosures, and Allotments, of the open Corn Fields and failures in the Lordship of Catwick^ in the County of r, and for settling and establishing the Payment of a Yearly Sum to the Rector of Catwick, aforesaid, and his Successors, in lieu of Tythes, pursuant to Agreement between the present Rector, and Proprietors of the said Lands, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Hotham, Dr. Sayer, Mr. , Sir Edmund , Sir

Nath.Curzon, Lord CaJl Sir Archer Croft, Mr.

Campbell, Mr. Gibbon, Mr Hughes, Sir Robert Mr. Townshend, Mr. I Mr. , Sir James Campbell, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Roberts, Mr.; Colonel Read, Mr. Bacon, Sir John , Mr. Williams, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Brooksbank, Sir Tho. Lee, Mr.

Towers. Mr. Cunningham, Sir John Williams, Mr. , Mr. Yorke, Mr. Dwtbar, Sir Robert Sir Richard

1. Ellis, Mr. Harrism, Mr. Walcot, Mr. Vaughan, Mr.

Bigg, Mr. Shafts, Mr. Holland, Mr. Crojfe, Sir Tho. Clark, Mr. Ongley\ and alt the Members, that serve foB the County of York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Aberdeen Colonel Middleton reported from the Committee, to Town Debts* whom the Bill for the further continuing the Dufies granted by an Act, passed in the Parliament of in the Year 1695, and continued by an Act, passed in the Year 1707, for paying off the Debts of the Town of Aberdeen, and for other publick Uses of the said Town, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the said Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to fotne of them, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, b£ ingrossed.

Worcefhr Mr. Sandys presented to the House (according to Hop-marker. Order) a Bill for confirming an Agreement, lately entered into between the Mayot, Aldermen, and Citizens, of the City, of Worcester, and the Guardians of the Poor of the said City, for continuing the Hop-market of the said City irt the Workhouse there, and for veiling the Right of the said Mayor, Alderfnen, and Citizens, of keeping a Hop-market in the said City, in the Guardians of the Poor of the said City, and their Successors, fot ever; and the ftme wat received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Setorid time.

of Fees, claimed by John Cooke, Esquire, Clerk of the Extracts in his Majesty's Court of Exchequer, and by Joseph Tullie, sworn Clerk in that Office, of all Sheriffs,

accountable in the Exchequer, upon their Appofals on the Summons of the Green Wax, and also the Fees for the Liberty of the Duchy of Lancaster, and of Lords of Liberties, when they claim, and other casual and acci. dental Fees.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Lift do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Lift is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill to indemnify Persons who have, Office and through Ignorance of Law, omitted to qualify themselves for Employments or Offices, by taking the Oaths, and receiving the Sacrament, according to Law, and to enlarge the Time for their doing the fame, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; anti that the Tide be,

An Act to indemnify Persons who, through Ignorance of Law, have omitted toqualify themselves for Employments or Offices, by taking the Oaths, and making and fub-scribing the Declaration against Transubflatlt ration, and receiving the Sacrament, and Members of Corporations, who have neglected to take the Oaths of Office, and Pei fans who have not read the Common Pfaycr, and declared their Assent and Consent to the fame, according to Law, upon trie Terms therein mentioned

Ordered, That Mr. Wintangton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for the further Application of the SupplyBI; Sinking Fund, by paying off One million of South Sea biokin; Annuities, Was read the Third time. *""*

i Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be,

An Act for the further Application of the Sinking Fund, by paying off One million of South Sea Annuities.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Turner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

1

Ordered, That the Cortithissioners for Trade and Plan- Import* rations do lay before this House, a Copy of the Act, passed j? in Barbadoes the 21st Day of March 1715, laying a A Imposition, or Duty, on all Sugars, Molafl'es, Rum, tic. imported into that. Island, which are not the nattral Product, Growth, and Manufacture, of some of his Majesty's Colonies, together with his Irtte Majesty'i Order In Council, of the 17th of 1717, Confirm*

ing the fame, and also the 96th Instruction, givfln to Henry WorJJey, Esquire, GoVernor of Barbadoes.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do E»pom lay before this House, an Account of the Value of the toAiceria Exports to Maryland, Virginia, and South Carolina, from Crifmas 1714, to Christmas 1726, distinguislvng what Were the Goods exported by Certificate, and what were the Product and Manufactures of this Kingdom.

4W

% :-!!<1 »U»

bi?

Sjtau

ntm

«n4i

hW

Perf,.mooing Mr. Bramfioti pfefenfed to the House (acddfding to

»rme«f in Order) a Bill to explain and attend an Act, made in the Disguise. Ninth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled,' w Ah " Act for the more effectual pun Idling wicked and eVII- disposed Persons, going armed in Disguise, and doing '* Injuries and Violence's to the Persons and Properties of his Majesty's Subjects, and for the inorc speedy bfing-' " ing the Offenders to Justice and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Fee* taken in The House being informed, that Mr. Jof.ph Tullie, Court of of the Ext raft Office in the Court of Exchequer, at-Exchequer. tended at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, A Lift

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill fot FrankW preventing Frauds committed by Bankrupts, and by the Baknim* Executors and Administrators of Traders dying infotWric, and for the Relief of the Creditors of Traders beComing insolvent; and that Mr. Alderman Barnard, Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. Glanville, and Mr. Whittington, do prepare, and bring in, the time.

The Order for taking into Confederation the several Gibnlur. Papers, which.have been preferited to the House, irt relation to the Works carried on by the Spaniards befotfc Gibraltar, being read;

Resolved, That this House will refold itself into a Committee of the whole Hbufey to confided of the said Papers;

AjbhtJ,

4 Geo. II. 5° — 6° Jprilis. 717

Resolved, That this House will immediately resolve itfelt into the said Committee.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Piumptre took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

And the other Orders of the Day being read;

Way* Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-

and Means, night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Language of Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Mom-

Proceedings ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole in Law. House, upon the Bill that all Proceedings in Courts of Justice shall be in the E Language.

Exportation Resolved, That this House will, upon next,

of Wool, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Heads for a Bill for the more effectual preventing the Exportation of Wool frorm Great Britain, and of Wool, and Wool manufactured, from I to foreign Parts j and nothing to intervene.

Committee of Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec-

Privileges. t|ons be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 6* die Aprilis;

Anno 4° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1731. Prayers.

Ships entered f11H E House being informed, that Mr. Carkeffe, outwwd*"^ Secretary to the Commissioners of the Customs,

New yik attended at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, Ac. presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

The Return of the Commissioners of the Customs, with a List of the Ships or Vessels, together with an Invoice or Manifest of their Cargoes, which were entered inwards and outwards in the Provinces of New and nia, and from and to what Ports or Places in Europe and America, for the Years 1728 and 1729; and also,

Pensilvania: — An Account of Ships and Cargoes entered outwards, from 25th December 1727, to 25th December 1728; and also,

Pensilvania: — An Account of Ships and Cargoes entered outwards, from the 25th December 1728, to the 25th December 1729; and also,

Pensilvania: — An Account of Ships, and their Cargoes, entered inwards, from 25th December 1727, to 25th December 1728; and also,

Pensilvania: — An Account of Ships, and their Cargoes, entered inwards, from 25th December 1728, to 25th December 1729; and also.

New York; — An Account of Ships and Cargoes entered outwards, from 25th December 1727, to 25th December 1728; and also.

New York: — An Account of Ships and Cargoes entered outwards, from 25th December 172s, to 25th December 1729; and also,

New York .♦ — An Account of Ships, and their Cargoes, entered inwards, from 25th December 1727, to 25th December 1728; and also,

Nezv York An Account of Ships, and their Cargoes, entered inwards, from 25th December 1728, to 25th December 1729.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Return and Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Return and Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Vol. 21.

The laid Return and Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed, that Mr. Goudge, one of Fee* taken in the Cryers of the Court of Common Pleas, attended at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to p^. the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Lift of the Fees, taken by the Four Cryers of his Majesty's Court of Common Pleas; aind also,

A Lift of the Fees, taken by the Court Keeper of his Majesty's Court of Common Pleas; and also,

A Lift of the Fees, taken by the Porter of his Majesty's Court of Common Pleas.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Lifts were read.

Ordered, That the said Lifts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Lifts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed, that Mr. , from the Fee* taken in Petty Bag Office, in Chancery, attended at the Door, he Court of was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, Ctiance,3r* pursuant to their Order,

A Particular of the usual and accustomed Fees, claimed, taken, and received, by Edward,

Richard Asheton, and Charles Frewen, the Three principal Clerks of the Office of the Petty Bag in the Court of Chancery, for what Business is done and transaded at Law, and in Equity, in that Officej and also,

A Lift of all such Persons, as have been sworn and admitted Solicitors of the high Court of Chancery, pursuant to an Act of Parliament, made in the Second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act lf for the better Regulation of Attorneys and Solicitors," and are inrolled in the Office of the Petty Bag in the said Court, with the Places of their usual Abode, the Time when, and by whom, admitted, since the last Lift laid before this House.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Particular and Lifts were read.

Ordered, That the Particular and Lifts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Particular and Lifts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Nuneaton, for inclosing and dividing the common Fields, and com- &c-Ioclosure. mon Grounds, in the Manor of Nuneaton, and Attleborough, in die County of Warwick, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Digby do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Sir Thomas Robinson reported from the Committee, to Duke whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An C£^"*' Act for vesting several Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, therein mentioned, in fames Duke of and his Heirs, in pursuance of certain Articles of Agreement, made on the Marriage of his Son, Henry Bridges,

Esquire, commonly called Marquis of Carnarvon, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the BUI, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the , Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Robinson do carry the BUI to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

8 T Mr,

6° Aprilis. A. 1731.

Dunfiable Mr. Orlebar reported from the Committee, to whom Road‘* the Bill for the effectual repairing the Highways between Dunfiable and Hockley, in the County of Bedford, by enlarging the Term and Powers granted by Two former Acts, one of the Ninth, and the other of the Twelfth, Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen ,was committed, that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a , Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally , put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Clayton'* Mr. Burton reported from the Committee, to whom Estate. the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Sale of the Estate, late of Mary Clayton, deceased, in the County of Bucks, entailed by her Will, for the Payment of her Debts and Legacies, charged thereon, and for laying out the Overplus of the Moneys, arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the like Uses, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and that the Parties concerned bad given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Burton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Kcport in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk VFable; where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, (ome of them were diiagteed with, and the rest were, with an Amendment to one of them, agreed unto by the House; and other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Thomas and Mr. Burroughs:

Mr Speaker,

The Lords have pa Bed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Stoftr* inclosing, dividing, and exchanging, the common Fields, Leki(ulc_ and common Grounds, in the Parishes of Lower Slaughter and Upper Slaughter, in the County of Gloucester; to which the Lords detire the Concurrence of this llouli.:

And also,

The Lords have patted a Bill, intituled, An Act for Bipwft exemplifying the Will of Nicholas Bagenall, Esquire, and for making the same Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity in Great Britain and Ireland, and Dominion of Wales; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill for making more efifedua! an Act, passed in the Rcpiinioi Sixth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen yt iJr.-kn for repealing the Ad, of the first Year of King James the l"LwiA* First, intituled, "An Act for well garbling of Spices," and for granting an Equivalent to the City of by

admitting Brokers, was read a Second time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be committed;

It passed in the Negative.

C:»fl

id

ElV»,

UK

>rcM>ifliop An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act of York'* for making, and rendering eflfedual, an Exchange of the ElUte. Estates therein mentioned, in the County of York, between Lancelot, Lord Archbishop of York, and John Aijlabie, Esquire, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Aijlabie, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Cro/fe, Major Sir Nathanael

Curzon, Colonel Read, Sir Edward Stanley, Sir Tho. Aston, Mr. Williams, Mr. Ward, Sir Roger Meredith, Mr. Dr ax, Mr. Digby, Mr. Waller, Mr. Sandys, Mr.

Hamilton, Sir Wm. Lowlher, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Lockyer, Sir Abra. Elton, Sir Wm. Keyte, Mr. , Mr. ville, Mr. Whitworth, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Burchett, Mr. Huxley, Mr. Mr. 7 Mr. Bram-

Jion, Mr. Jenifon, Mr. Burton, Mr. St. Quintin-, and aH the Members, that lerve for the County of And

they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Searching Mr. Bramston reported from the Committee, to whom Drug*, &c. the Bill to continue several Acts therein mentioned, for searchingDrugs and Compositions for Medicines, and for better Encouragement of the making of Sail-cloth in Great Britain, and for the better securing the lawful Trade of his Majesty's Subjects to and from the East Indies, and for explaining, and making more effectual, the Laws in being, for obliging the Possessors of Lands, adjacent to common Highways, to cut, and keep low, such Hedges, as are adjoining to the said Highways, and for explaining and amending a Clause in an Act, made in the First Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for making the Laws, for repairing the Highways, " more eflfedual," which relates to the appointing of Scavengers, and repairing of Streets, and for the more eftedua! punishing Persons, who shall steal Lead, or Iron Bars, fixed to the Freehold of any Dwelling-house, or Out-house, or other Building whatsoever, was committed, that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made

The Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Call of the House be farther Cailohic adjourned until this Day Month. House.

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better securing the Trade of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America,

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Rushout took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Rushout reported from the Committee, that they had heard Couniel upon the Petitions, which were referred to the Committee, and had examined a Witness; and that the Committee had made fume Progress in the Bill, and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America; and nothing to intervene.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, Enmcrw-resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue the Duties for Encouragement of the Coinage of Money.

Ordered, That Sir Wm. Yonge, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. $t. Alhm Car, Mr. Jenifon, Mr, Hucks, Mr. Mr.

Whitworth, Mr. Wither, Mr. Cuningham, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Drummond, Mr. Conduit, Mr be

added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Terms granted by an Act, passed in the First Yearot the Reign of his Jate Majesty King Georg: the First, intituled, "An Act for repairing the Highways through " the several Parishes of St. Michael, St Albans, St.

" Peter, Shenley Ridge, and South Mims, in the Counties " of Hertford and Middlesex," is committed.

'HO.

o

4 Geo. II.

Slaughter

Inclosure.

Gloucesster

Roads.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Mornings Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii,j° die \

Anno 40 Georgii IIJi Regis, 1731*

Prays. ns.

AN in°rossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for inclosing, and dividing, and exchanging, the common Fields, and common Grounds, in the Parishes of Lower Slaughter and Upper Slaughter, in the County of Gloucester, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing the several Roads leading from Chappel on the Meath, in the County of Oxen, to the Quarry above Bourtpnon the Hill, and from Tiamington Bridge, and Stretton Heath, to the upper End

of Broadwell Wail, in the County of Gloucester, was

read the Third time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for repairing the Hoad leading from Chapfel on the Heath, in the County of Oxon, to the Quarry above Bourton on the Hill, in the County of Gloucester.

Ordered, That Mr. Rowney do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

H»!fey\,&c. An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act iitUie. for confirming an Agreement for exchanging of Lands, made between Edmund Hafey, Esquire, deceased, and the Patron, and Vicar, of Stoke Poges, in the County of Bucks, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Potenger, Sir John Williams, Colonel Fane, Mr. Mr. Palmer,

Mr. Allington, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Gybbon. Sir Nathanael Cwzon, Mr. Earle, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Annejley, Mr. Hacks, Mr. Williams, Mr. Edw, Mr. Cafar, Mr. Vernon, Sir Archibald Grant, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Tozvnfhcnd, Sir Gilbert , Mr. Clayton, Mr.

Chetwynd, Colonel Bladen, Mr. Winnington, Sir Roger Meredith, Mr. Burrell, Lord M Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Lister, Mr. Bond, Sir Or I. Bridgman, Mr. Holland, Mr. Fane, Mr. Drummond, Mr. Thompson, Colonel Read, Mr. Serjeant Birch, Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr. Waller, Mr. My ddell on, Mr. Pulteney, Sir Geo. Sir

A bra. Elton, Lord Per civaMr. Oglethorpe, Sir Thomas Robinson, Mr. Bertie, General Wade, Mr. Geers, Mr. Knight, Mr. Tilfon, Mr. Ire by, Mr. Mr. Hughes,

Mr. Reynell, Mr. Clarke, Sir Thomas Sebright, Mr. , Lord Limerick, Mr. Alderman Child -, and all the Members, that terve for the Counties of , Berks, and Surrey: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Preventing Robbery of Bleaching Grounds.

Erevenring Frauds by Tenant*.

Grarcfe^d

Church.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to prevent the Healing of Linen, Fustian, and Cotton, Goods and Wares, from Fields, Grounds, and other Places, used for whitening, bleaching, or drying, the same; and that Mr. Daniel Pulteney, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir Edward

Stanley, Mr. Shuttleworth, and Sir James Campbell, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for the more effectual preventing Frauds committed by Tenants, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Rejclved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Lid Bill.

A Bill for rebuilding the Parish Church of Gravesend, in the County of Kent, as One of the Fifty new Churches, directed to be built by Two Acts of Parliament, one made in the Ninth, and the other in the Tenth, Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, was read a Second time.

Vo l. 21.

7*9

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevens-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill to prevent the carrying excessive Weights upon the publick Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas Sebright, Mr. Owen, Mr. W, Lord Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Alderman Perry, Sir Edward Stanley,

Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Lyster, Sir Justinian Ifham, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Bdcon, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. , Mr.

Towers, Mr. Wither, Sir Tho. Hales, Mr.

Mr. Vane, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Sandys, Lord Percival,.

Mr. Wortley, Mr. Burchet, Mr. More, Mr. Vincent,

Mr. Sambrooke, Mr. Crowle, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Bramstoti, Sir Richard Lane, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Wyndham, Colonel

Onslow, Mr. Earle, Sir Geo.Cafwall, Mr. Heathcote, Mr.

Treby, Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr. Pigot, Mr. Ingram, Mr. Winnington, Sir John Hind Cotton, Major Compton, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Nicholas Williams, Mr. Harley, Mr. Digby, Mr. Bevan, Mr. Crojfe, Mr. Hucks, Mr. Hamilton, Mr.

Palmer: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and

Mr. Allen:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-one, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Third Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for " the better Regulation of Juries," so far as the same relates to the County of Middlef, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting in Trustees the Estate of Lucy Bowry, Widow, artd John Bowry, herSon, situatein the Parishes of Edmonton and Tottenham, in the County of for the Sale thereof, to discharge the several Incumbrances thereupon; and for other Purposes therein mentioned , to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more effectual repairing the Road leading from Godslone ,in the County of Surrey, to Highgate, at the Entrance into Ashdown Forest, in the Parish of East Grinsted, in the County of Sussex, with One Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Francis Arundell, and George Henry Earl of field, Guardian of Mary Arundell, an Infant, during the Minority of the said Mary Arundell, to grant and fill up Leases of the Estates of the said Frances and Mary Arundell in the Counties of Cornwall and Dorset; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for exchanging the Parsonage House, and Glebe Lands, in Bifcathorpe, in the County of Lincoln, for other Lands,

belonging to the Lord of the Manor, and forgiving a Recompence to the Rector, in lieu of his Tythes, to enable the Lord of the Manor to inclose the common Fields; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers w ithdrew.

The House took into Consideration the Amendment, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more effectual repairing the Road leading from Godstone, in the County of Surrey, to Highgate, at the Entrance

into

Regulating Weights of Carnage.

Supply Bill t Land Tax.

Regulating Juries in Middlesex.

Bofcry's

Estate.

Godstone

Road.

Arundell'*

Estate*.

Bifcathorpe

Inclosure.

Godstone

Road.

720

7° — 8° Apr ills.

A. 1731.

into Ashdown Forest, in the Parish of in

the County of Sussex.

And the said Amendment was read, and is as foL loweth; viz.

Press i.L. io & it. Leave out " to amend and repair the said," and, instead thereof, insert " for amend- ing and repairing the ."

The said Amendment, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. 'Pelham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment, made by their Lordships.

St. Join Ordered, That the Order, for the House to resolve CkHtMweH, itfdf into a Committee of the whole House Tomorrow, Maintenance upon the Bill for providing a Maintenance for the Mi-' nifter of the Church of St. John, in the County of Middlesex, be discharged.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill;

It paired in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Month, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the several Petitions, which have been presented to this House, in relation to the said Bill be referred to the said Committee j and that the Petitioners, if they think fit, be heard by themselves, or Counsel, before the said Committee, according to the Prayer of their several Petitions.

Exportation Mr. Alderman Perry presented to the House (according

of Gun- to Order) a Bill for granting an Allowance upon the Expowder. portation of Gunpowder} and the same was received.

Importation of foreign Sugars into Barbadoes.

Mr. Doekminique, from the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Copy of an Act, paired in Barbadoes in 1715, laying an Imposition or Duty, on all Sugars, Molasses, Rum, Cotton, and Ginger, imported into that Island, which are not the natural Product, Growth, and Manufacture, of some of his Majesty's Colonies } and allb.

Copy of an Order in Council, of the 17th of 1717, for confirming the said Act; and also.

Copy of the 96th Instruction given to Henry Esquire, Governor of Barbadoes.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Manchester The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Workhouse. wh0]c House, upon the Bill for ereftinga Workhouse in the Town of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, for the better maintaining and employing the Poor of the said Town.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hugh Williams took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hugh Williams reported from the Committee, that they had heard Counsel upon the Petition, presented to the House, against the said Bill, in respect of several Clauses contained therein, and had also heard Counsel in favour of the Bill against the said Petition; that the Counsel on both Sides examined several Witnesses, and went through their Evidence, and the Counsel for the Petitioners were heard, by way of Reply 5 and that the Committee had made some Progress in the Bill, and had ditefted him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Six Weeks, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for erecting a Workhouse in the Town of in the County

Palatine of Lancaster, for the better maintaining and employing the Poor of the said Town,

The Order, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill lor raising One million Two hundred thousand Pounds by Annuities and a Lottery, in manner therein mentioned,. ..;

A Motion was made, and the Question put, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, at Eleven of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill:

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for ,h«Y

Tellers for the Noes,|jJ;g;'.

And it appearing, upon the Report of the Division by the Tellers, that there were not Forty Members present; the House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis 8* die;

Anno 4* Georgii II. Regis, 1731. Prayers.

SI R Abraham Elton presented to the House (according to Order) a Bill for erecting a Workhouse in the Parish of St.' Philip and Jacob, in the County of Glou-

cester j and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrafted Bill for the further continuing the Duties granted by an Act, passed in the Parliament of Scotland in the Year 1695, and continued by an Act, passed in the Year 1707, for paying off the Debts of the Town of Aberdeen, and for other publick Uses of the said Town, was read the Third Time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press 9. L. a. After " adjudged" to insert " and." And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House} and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act for the further continuing the Duties granted by an Act, passed in the Parliament of Scotland in the Year 1695, an^ continued by an Act, passed in the Year 1707, for paying off the Debts of the Town of Aberdeen, and for other publick Uses of the said Town.

Ordered, That Colonel Middleton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for exemplifying the Will of Nicholas Bagtnall, Esquire, and for making the same Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity in Great Britain and Ireland, and Dominion of Wales, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for exchanging the Parsonage House, and Glebe Lands, in Bifcathorpe, in the County of Lincoln, for other Lands, belonging to the Lord of the Manor, and for giving a Recompence to the Rector, in lieu of his Tythes, to enable the Lord of the Manor to indofe the common Fields, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting in Trustees the Estate of Lucy Bowry, Widow* 20 and

Supply Bin I railing i fan b j Annuity Itc.

St. Philip and Jacob ii Gloucdta shire Workhouse.

Aberdeen

TonaDcba.

BapoalTi

Will.

Bifcathorpe

Indofot.

Bowry1!

Eft*<

lit

I.

J-

bunstable

Roads.

tlundee Town and Harbour.

Preventing Robberies of Bleaching Grounds.

Exportation of Wool.

Persons going armed in Difgoife.

4 Geo. II. 8°

and John Bowry, her Son, situate in the Parishes of Ed-

monton and Tottenham, in the County of Middlesex, for the Sale thereof, to discharge the several Incumbrances thereupon, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill for the effectual repairing the High-Ways between Dtmjiable and Hockley, in the County of Bedford, by enlarging the Term and Powers granted by Two former Acts, one of the Ninth, and the other of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for the effectual repairing the Highways between Dmfiable and Hockley, in the County of for en-

larging the Term and Powers granted by Two former Acts, one of the Ninth, and the other of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne.

Ordered, That Mr. Orlebar do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

M r. Drummond reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Duty of Two Penies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, that shall be vended or sold within the Town of Dundee, and Privileges thereof, for paying the public Debts of the said Town, repairing the Harbour there, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; that the Committee had exanfined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. DanielPnlteney presented to the House (according to Order) a Bill to prevent the stealing of Linen, Fustian, and Cotton, Goods and Wares, from Fields, Grounds, and other Places, used for whitening, bleaching, or drying, the fame; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Yarn-makers, Woolcombers, Wool-ftaplers, and others concerned in the Woollen Manufacture in the City of Gloucefie was presented to the House, and read; praying, that the pernicious and fatal Practice of exporting, in a clandestine manner. Wool and Yarn from this Kingdom, and Ireland, to France, and other Countries, may be prevented, and that the Importation of Irish Yarn, free and exempt from Duty, may not be allowed.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Ninth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual punching wicked and evildisposed Persons, going armed in Disguise, and doing " Injuries and Violences to the Persons and Properties of " his Majesty's Subjects, and for the more speedy bringing the Offenders to Justice," was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

_ Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Vo l. 21.

A Bill for granting an Allowance upon the Exportation of Gunpowder, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. AUngton presented to the House (according to Or-

der) a Bill to enable Ideots, and Lunaticks, who are seised or possessed of Estates in Fee, or for Lives, or Terms of Years, in Trust, or by way of Mortgage, to make Conveyances, Surrenders, or Alignments, of such Estates; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and Mr. Allen:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for exchanging, dividing and inclosing, the common Fields, common Meadows, and common and waste Grounds within the Manor of Prestbury, in the County of Gloucester, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing isaac Lacam, and Peter Korten, with forae Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House took into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing isaac Lacam, and Peter Korten.

And the said Amendments were read, and are as followeth; viz.

Press ift, L. 8. After " Ge" insert " John isaac " Dumoustier, Son of Samuel by Elizabeth

" Ester his Wife, born at St. Questin, in Picardy; IV " Magens, Son of Peter Ma by Solome Anna his " Wife, born at Hamborough, in Germany; and Anthony " Combetes, Son of Peter Combetes, by Mary his Wife, " born at Milleau, in Rouerque, in L. 18. Leave out " and" and aft ex "JTor/^«" insert " John isaac Dumoustier, JVm. Magens, and Anthony Combetes

L. 30. Leave out "and'and after "" insert " John isaac Dumoustier, fVm. Magens, and Anthony Combetes."

" Press 2. L. 20. Leave out " and, " and after " "

insert " John isaac Dumoustier, fVm. Magens, and " thony Combetes."

L* 39. Leave out "and," and after " Korten," insert " John isaac Dumoustier, Wm. Magens, and Anthony Combetes;" and, in the same Line, after " or" insert " any or."

L. 37. After " or" insert " any or."

In the Title of the Bill, Line 2d, Leave out " and" and at the End of the Title add " and others."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Winnington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments, made by their Lordships.

The Orders of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to cohlider further of Heads for a Bill for the more effectual presenting the Exportation of Wool from Great Britain, and of Wool, and Wool manufactured, from Ireland, to foreign Parts 5 and also to consider of the Duty upon Woollen and Bay Yarn, imported from Ireland into England.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Cary took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Cary reported from the Committee, that they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

8 U,

Exportation of Gun-powder.

Ideots*

Estates.

Preftbury

Inclosufe.

Lacam's, &c. Nat.

Exportation of Wool.

iPrfefervation of Game.

Supply Bill; raising a Sum by Annuities, &c.

Encouragement of Coinage.

Supply Bill; railing a Sum by Annuities, &c.

722 8° — 90 Apr ills. A. 1731,

Ordered \That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better Preservation of the Game.

Ordered \That Sir Charles Turner have Leave to make a Motion, it being past Five of the Clock.

And he moved th ouse accordingly.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning) at Eleven of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for railing One million Two hundred thousand Pounds by Annuities and a Lottery, in manner therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Conduit have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly:

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue the Duties for Encouragement of the Coinage of Money.

And then, the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V eneris, 90 die Aprilis;

Anno 40 Georgii IF1 Regis, 1731. Prayers.

THEOrder, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for railing One million Two hundred thousand Pounds by Annuities and a Lottery, in manner therein mentioned, being read;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause of Appropriation.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, and Orders, loft, burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to repott, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Clayton, from the Commissioner; for executing the SaleofLandi

Office of Treasurer of the Exchequer, presented to the ir.Si.Chnib. House, pursuant to their Order, several Papers contain- Parting an Account of what Proceedings have been had since the Ninth Day of November 1748, towards felling the Lands in the Island of St. Christopher's, yielded by France to Great Britain by the Treaty of Utrecht-, together with a Schedule of them.

And the said Schedule was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Counterfeit, prevent counterfeiting the Pafles, commonly called Me- Media-diterranean Pafles; and that Sir Charles Wager, Mr. nmca"l'ifo' Winnington, Lord Archibald Hamilton, Mr. Cary, Mr. Cockburn, and Sir Thomas Lyttelton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for pnodsia preventing Frauds in the making of Starch and Hair oekii{ Powder, and the clandestine Importation of foreign Stare, ic. Starch and Hair Powder; and that Mr. Clayton, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Scrope, Mr. and Mr. Vincent,

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Roger Bradshaighpresented to the House (according WiguA

to Order) a Bill for making more effectual an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing, widening, and amending the Roads from Wigan to Preston, in the County of Lancaster -, and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House being informed that Mr. Oxenford, from E,pomt» the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door, Ancria he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, An Account of the Value of the Exports to Maryland, Virginia, and Carolina, from Christmas 1714, to Christmas 1726. distinguishing, what were the Goods exported by Certificate, and what were the Product and Manufactures of England.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is as followeth;

An

'if

«C.

4 Geo. II,

723

Am ACCOUNT of the Value of the Exports to Ma and from 1714, to

Christmas 1726, distinguishing, what were the Goods exported by Certificate, and what were the Product and Manufactures of England.

Value exported by Certificate. Value of Product and . Manufactures. TOTAL.

£ s. d. C *. d. £ s. d.

From Christmas 17x4, to Christmas 1715 65*787 >5 2 1^0,119 1 — 215,906 16 2

- — - - 1716 62,079 7 7 144,793 8 r* / 206,872 16 2

- — - - 1717 73.756 >7 5 167,264 14 4 241,021 11 9

- — - 1718 56>«5 7 17 7 151,609 — — 207,766 17 7

m — - - *7r9 52*932 13 1 *32,329 5 184,261 14 6

± — 1720 33*115 12 4 95,892 18 5 129.008 10 9

- — - 1721 44.254 2 7 100,826 2 5 145,080 5 —

- — 1722 69,244 11 4 137,884 11 8 20-, 129 3 — -

- — *723 53.279 5 4 112,820 13 2 166,099 18 6

- — - - 1724 71,786 4 4 127,947 J9 5 199,734 3 9

- — - - U25 80,679 8 9 154,387 *5 5. 235,067 4 2

- — - 1726 85.7i7 4 3 144,199 4 1 229,916 8 8

Total - f. 747-79° *9 9 1,620,074 10 3 2,367,865 IO —

N. B. The Inspector-general, receives no Accounts from Scotland, so that this Account is for England only.

N. B. The Inspector-general, in his Accounts* makes no Distinction between North and South Carolina.

Custom-house, London,

8 th April 1731.

- Dun Mr. Westby presented to the House (according to 'aviation. Order) a Bill to explain and amend Two Acts of Parliament, one made in the Twelfth, and the other in the Thirteenth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, for making navigable the River Dun, in the County of York, and for j." the better perfeding and maintaining the said Navigation,

and for uniting the several Undertakers into One Company; and the same was received.

;t. Alb*n» The Lord Grimftonreported from the Committee to Roads. whom the Bill for enlarging the Term granted by an Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act for " repairing the Highways through the several Parishes " of St. Michael, St. Albans, St. Peter, Skenley,

"and South Mims, in the Counties of Hertford and " Middlesex," was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true } and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Hill* with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, as far as Clause C, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with some Amendments to One of them, agreed unto by the House.

Clause C, to repeal a Clause in a former Act, whereby the Trustees for amending the Dunstable Road were joined to the Trustees for amending St. Albans Road, being read a Second time;

A nd the Question being put. That the House do agree with the Committee, in the said Amendment j It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and Mr. Allen:

Mr. Speaker,

ipply Bill; The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act iking Fund, for the further Application of the Sinking Fund, by paying off One million of South Sea Annuities, without any Amendment; and also,

Vol. 21.

Ex4 John Oxenford, Aft1. I. Gen1;

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to indemnify Persons, who, through Ignorance of Law, have omitted to qualify themselves for Employments or Offices, by taking the Oaths, and making and subscribing the Declaration against Transubstantiation, and receiving the Sacrament, and Members of Corporations, who have neglected to take the Oaths of Office, and Persons, who have not read the Common Prayer, and declared their Assent and Consent to the fame, according to Law, upon the Terms therein mentioned, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill to enable Ideots, and Liinaticks, who are seised or possessed of Estates in Fee, or for Lives, or Terms of Years, in Trust, or by way of Mortgage, to make Conveyances, Surrenders, or Assignments, of such Estates, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. AUngton, Mr. Yorke, Mr. fVinnihgton, Mr. Conduit, Mr. Gould, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Mr.

Comptroller, Sir John Barrington, Sir Geo. Saviile, Mr.

Whitworth, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Bramflon, Mr. Bowles, Mr. Booth, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. , Mr. Bertie, Mr.

More, Mr. Earle, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Raw/infon Sir

Edmund Bacon, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Sandys, Sir John Rufhout, Mr. Daniel Pulteney, Mr. Guidot, Lord thwait, Mr. Attorney-general, Mr. Solicitor-general, Mr. Glanville, Mr. Foley, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Sambrook,

Mr. Burton, Mr. Nicoll, Mr. Colonel Onslow,

M r. Thompson, Mr. Jewks, Sir Archibald Grant, Sir John Williams, Mr. Plumptre j and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to m "et this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order, for the House to ref >1 re itself into a Committee of the whole House, to cor.fider of Heads for a Bill for further encouraging the Manufacture of British Sail-cloth, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, Thet this House, will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, 10 consider of Heads for a Bill for f urther encouraging the Manufacture of British Sail-clot In

The

Offices and Employments,

Ideots*

Estatet.

Manufactare of Sail-cloth,

4

7 *4

9° -to°Aprilis. 1731.

Colonial The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a "*rade- Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Rushout took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Rushout reported from the Committee, that the Committee, being informed, that the Black Rod was at hand, had directed him to report, that they had made a further Progress upon the Petitions, which were referred to them; and also to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, this Afternoon, at Three of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Royal A (lent A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Charles Dalton, to Bills. Gentleman-ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend his Majesty immediately at the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty in the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, that the House had attended his Majesty in the House of Peers; and that his Majesty had been pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several publick and private Bills f blowing; viz.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1731:

An Act for the further Application of the Sinking Fund, by paying off One million of South Sea Annuities: An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Third Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act " for the better Regulation of Juries," fofaras the same relates to the County of:

An Act to indemnify Perl'ons who, through Ignorance of Law, have omitted to qualify themselves for Employment or Offices, by taking the Oaths, and making and subscribing the Declarat ion against Transubstantiation, and receiving the Sacrament, and Members of Corporations, who have neglected to take the Oaths of Office, and Persons who have not read the Common Prayer, and declared their Assent and Consent to the fame, according to Law, upon the Terms therein mentioned:

An Act for the more effectual repairing the Road Iead-' ing from Godjione, in the County of Surrey, to

at the Entrance into Ashdow Forest, in the Parish of East Grinjled\in the County of Sussex:

An Act for vesting several Manors, Lands and Hereditaments, therein mentioned, in James Duke of Chandos, and his Heirs, in pursuance of certain Articles of Agreement, made on the Marriage of his Son, Henry Brydges, Esquire, commonly called Marquis of Carnarvon:

An Act for inclosiogand dividing the common Fields, and common Grounds, in the Manor of Nuneaton and Attleborough, in the County of Warwick:

An Act for'exchanging, dividing, and inclosing the common Fields, common Meadows, and common and waste Grounds, within the Manor of , in the County of Gloucester: x

An Act to enable John Shafto, Esquire, to make a suitable Settlement upon any Woman he shall marry, and Provision for younger Children:

An Act for the Sale of the Estate, late of Maty deceased, in the County of Bucks, entailed by her Will, for Payment of her Debts and Legacies, charged thereon, and for laying out the Overplus of the Moneys, arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the like Uses:

An Act for naturalizing Isaac Lac am, Peter Korten, and others.

Colonial The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Trade. Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the

*7

Bill for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Rushout took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Rushout reported from the Committee, that they had farther heard Counsel upon the Petitions, which were referred to the Committee, and had also heard Counsel in favour of the Bill, against the said Petitions, and had examined several Witnesses, and had heard the Petitioners Counsel by way of Reply; and that the Committee had made a further Progress in the Bill, and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, at Eleven of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committeeof the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America.

fcRjB

lIlS®-

!r:-1

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Mom- $Dppir,

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday next, at Lanpa?i Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of ProcH^ the whole House, upon the Bill that all Proceedings in Courts of Justice shall be in the English Language.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbatiy 1 o* dAprilis j

Anno 4* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1731.

Prayers.

AB IL L for confirming an Agreement, lately entered w<m& into between the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens, Hop-mult of the City of Worcester, and the Guardians of the Poor of the said City, for continuing the Hop-market of the said City in the Workhouse there, and for veiling the Right at the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens, of keeping a Hop-market in the said City, in the Guardians of the Poor of the said City, and their Successors, for ever, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Winnington, Sir John Rushout, Sir Nath. Curzott, Mr.

Burton, Mr. Fox, Mr. Towers, Mr. More, Mr.

Lord Morpeth, Mr. Lewis, Sir Read, Colonel Read, Mr. Thompson, Sir Wm. Stapleton, Mr. Shuttleworth,

Mr. Philips, Mr. Creffe, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Compton, Sir Geo. Saville, Colonel Onslow, Mr.

Barnard, Mr. Lowe, Mr. Whitworth, Mr.

Sir Roger Meredith, Mr. Bacon, Sir Robert Sir

Tho. Sanderson, Sir Robert B, Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Plamer, Mr. Vernon, M r. Leweri, Mr. Byng, Mr. Chetwynd,

Mr. Owen, Mr. Hugh Williams, Mr. Henry Bromley, Mr.

Sevan, Mr. Powlet, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Campbell, Mr.

York, Colonel Bladen; and all the Members that fenre for the Counties of Worcester, Salop, and Gloucester: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Lewen reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for exemplifying the Will of Henry Lord Herbert, and for making the same Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity in Great Britain and Ireland, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; anti that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and the Parties concerned hadgiven their Consents to the fame, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And

Lor

Herbert

Will-

vo

It-;.

: icl of New rork against :lling Rum o Indians.

Searching . Drugs, kc.

A'

V;

Dundee: Town and j . harbour.

West-

broughton v inclosure.

4 Geo. II. 10° Aprilis. 725

And the Bill was read the Third time. Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they

Resolved, That the Bill do pais. had directed him to report to the House; and that the

Ordered That Mr. Lewen do carry the Bill to the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed the Satisfaction of the Committee: And be read the to the fame, without any Amendment. Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill,

, _ ._ - , - with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where

Ordered, lhat the Commissioners lor Trade art the Amendments were once read throughout, and then Plantations do lav before this House, a Copy of an Act, a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question passed in New Vark in the \ ear 1709, intituled, An fevera|]y pUt thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

" Aa to prevent idling or giving, of Rum, or other Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be " strong Liquors, to the Indian*. lnerofled

‘ An ingrossed Bill to continue several Acts therein mentioned, for iearching Drugs and Compositions for Medicines, and for better Encouragement of the making of Sail-cloth in Great Britain, and for the better feeuring the lawful Trade of his Majesty's Subjects to and from the East Indies, and for explaining, and making more

effectual, the Laws in being, for obliging the Possessors of Lands, adjacent to common Highways to cut, and keep low such Hedges, as are adjoining to the said Highways, and for explaining and amending a Clause in an Act, made in the First Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for making the Laws, for " repairing the Highways, more effectualwhich relates to the appointing of Scavengers, and repairing of Streets, and for the more effectual punching of Persons, who shall Heal Lead, or Iron Bars, fixed to the Freehold of any Dwelling-house, or Out-house, or other Building whatsoever, was read the Third time.

The following Amendments were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press 7. L. 11. After " away" to insert " or."

L. lad. After " Building" to insert " or from or out of any Garden, Orchard, Court-yard, Fence, or Outlet, belonging to any Dwelling-house, or other " Building."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for continuing some Acts, and amending others, relating to the searching of Drugs and Medicines, the making of BritisliSail-cloth, the Trade,

the cutting of Hedges, adjoining to Highways, and the appointing of Scavengers, and repairing of Streets; and for more effectual punishing Stealers of Lead, or Iron Bars, fixed; and for impowering Justices of the Peace, at their General or Quarter Sessions, to determine upon Appeals, notwithstanding Defects of Form in the original Proceedings.

Ordered, That Mr. Bramston do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Duty of Two Penies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, that shall be vended or sold within the Town of Dundee, and Privileges thereof) for paying the publick Debts of the said Town, repairing the Harbour there, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third time.

RefAved, That the Bill do pais; and that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Duty of Two Penies Scots, or One sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, that shall be vended or sold within the Town of Dundee, and Privileges thereof, for paying the publick Debts of the said Town, repairing the Harbour there, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Drummond of Quarrel/, do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Nathanael Curzon reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing divers Parcels of Commons and Waste Grounds,1 lying within the Manor of Wefi brought on, in the Pari 111 of Dovebridge,\x\\X\t County of Derby, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true , and that the Committee had gone through the Voi..21.

Mr. Whtmngton presented to the House (according to Counterfeit-

Order) a Bill to prevent counterfeiting the Pafies, commonly called Mediterranean Pafies; and the same was ranean ei* received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Alderman Barnard presented to the House (ac- ^r»udl cording to Order) a Bill for preventing Frauds committed B*nkjuPM‘ by Bankrupt^, and by the Executors and Administrators of Traders dying insolvent, and for the Relief of the Creditors of Traders becoming insolvent; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be printed.

A Bill to prevent the stealing of Linen, Fustian, and Preventing Cotton, Goods and Wares, from Fields, Grounds, and kbery°f other Places, used for v'hitening, bleaching, or drying. Ground* the fame, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Daniel Pulteney, Mr. Williams, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Scrope,

Mr. Clayton, Mr. Page, Mr. Drummond, Mr.

Sir A bra. Elton, Mr. Dockminique, Mr. Alderman,

Mr. Rolle, Mr. Digby, Sir Jufinian Isham, Sir Tho.

Read, Colonel Read, Mr. Crojfe, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Bacon, Sir Edmund Bacon, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Vincent, Sir Robert Monro, Sir Or/. Bridgman, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Sir Wm.

Stapleton, Mr. John Campbell, Mr. Daniel Campbell, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Alderman Child, Colonel Onslow,

Mr. Ducket, Sir 'NicholasWilliams, Sir John , Sir

37/o. Lee, Mr. G/anvi/le, Sir Richard , Mr. Lewis,

I.ord Limerick, Mr. Lyster; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Aftetnoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir Charles Turner (according to Order) reported from aSum the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill by Annuities, for railing One Million Two hundred Thousand Pounds &c. by Annuities and a Lottery, in manner therein mentioned, was committed, the Amendments the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House. '

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of Samuel Wragg, of London, Merchant,

Agent for the Province of South Ca in America, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, that, if the Bill, depending in this House, for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America, should pass, it will be very prejudicial, and tend greatly to the Impoverishment of his Majesty's faithful Subjects in the said Province, and distress the Inhabitants,

Trade, and Navigation thereof, and consequently be injurious to the Commerce and Navigation of this Kingdom: And praying, that the said Province maybe excepted out of the Bill, or that the same may not pafi, or that the said Province may have such other Relief, as shall be thought just.

8 X Ordered,

i o° — 12° Aprilis. A. 1731.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Bill for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America.

Dun A Bill to explain and amend Two Acts of Parliament, Navigation. one matje in the Twelfth, and the other in the Thirteenth, Year of his late Majesty's Reign, for making navigable the River Dun, in the County of York, and for the better perfecting and maintaining the said Navigation, and for uniting the several Undertakers into One Company, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Colonial The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Trade. Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Rushout took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Rushout reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered \That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Manufacture Ordered \That the Order, for the House to relblve

of Sail-cloth, itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Heads for a Bill for further encouraging the Manufacture of British Sail-cloth, be now read.

And the said Order was read accordingly.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to consider of the Duties upon Hemp, Flax, and Sail-cloth.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Glanville, Sir Charles Wetter, Mr. , Mr.

Mr. Crojfe, Mr. Conduit; and all the Members that serve

for the Counties of Middlesex, , and Surfy: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Slaughter for inclosing, dividing, and exchanging, the common lodo(w. Fields, and common Grounds, in the Parishes of Lower Slaughter and Upper Slaughter, in the County of Gloucester, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Sir John Rushout, Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Marlin, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Longueville, Sir Charles Wager, Sir Campbell, Mr. Allington, Mr. Scrape, Sir Nath.

Lord Gage, Mr. Guidot, Sir Wm. Stapleton, Mr. LjJler,

Sir Tho. Sebright, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Plumer, Mr.

nell, Colonel Read, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Speke,

Mr. Ongley, Colonel Pulteney, Lord Morpeth, Mr. Owen,

Mr. Compton, Mr. Cunningham, Mr. Mr. La-

roche, Sir Joseph Eyles, Mr. Taylor, Mr. Vincent, Mr.

Hugh Williams, Sir Nicholas Williams, Sir Cha. Turner,

Mr. Campbell, Mr. Walcot, Sir Geo. Saunders, Mr. Ire-may ne, Mr. Byng, Mr. Crojj'e, Sir A bra. Elton, Mr. Alderman Child, Mr. Glanville, Mr. Bramston, Lord main. Colonel Middleton, Mr. Bertie, Mr. More, Mr. Barnard, Mr. Edwards, Mr. Mr. Wither, Mr.

Harley, Mr. Corbett; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Gloucester, Oxford, Warwick, and Worcester: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act ArauMi to enable Frances Arundell, and George Henry Karl of Eilao*. Litchfield, Guardian of Mary Armdell, an Infant, during the Minority of the said Mary Arundell, to grant and fill up Leases of the Estates of the said Frances and Mary Arundell, in the Counties of Cornwall and Dorset, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

r«tu

InCiOfu

Ib'Ai

iSsUl

Fred

anal

fowl

Luna, 12* die;

Anno 4* Georgii II. Regis, 1731.

Prayers.

St. Philip and A BILL for erecting a Workhouse in the Parish of Jacob in St. Philip and Jacob, in the County of Gloucester,

Ai°UCwet was read a Second time.

house. or " Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir A bra.

Elton, ‘Mr. Vernon, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Mr.

Alderman Child, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Hughes, Mr. Holland, Mr. Crispe, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Gape, Sir Wm. -ton, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Glanville, Mr. Longueville, Sir Nath. Curzon, Sir Nicholas Williams, Mr. Cunningham, Mr. New/and, Mr. Martin, Sir James Campbell, Major Cholmondeley, Mr. Allington, Mr. Scrape, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Clayton, Sir Roger Meredith, Sir Robert , Mr.

Crojj'e, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Lyfier, Lord Castle-main, Mr. Conduit, Mr. Walcot, Lord Malpas, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Thompson; and all the Members that serve for the Counties ot Gloucester, Somerset, Wilts, and Hereford; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Folham and A Bill for repairing the Road leading from the Town Hammer- of Fulham, in the County of Middlesex, through Fulham fnuth Road, to tj,c great Road near the Pound at Hammersmith,

in the said County, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Child, Sir Abra. Elton, Mr. Mr. Bacon,

Mr. Martin, Mr. Guidot, Sir Nath. Curzon, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Rolle, Mr. Cunningham, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Sandys, Sir Tho. , Mr. Winnington, Sir

cholas Williams, Mr. Yorke, Mr. , Mr. Hughes,

Sir Wm. Stapleton, Mr. Crispe, Mr. , Mr. Ongley, Major Cholmondeley, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Tremayne, Mr. Lyfier, Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Vernon, Lord Gage, Mr.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bigmil'i for exemplifying the Will of Nicholas Esquire, *»JI.

and for making the same Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity in Great Britain and Ireland, and Dominion of Wales, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Abraham

Elton, Mr. Tufnell, Mr. Crojj'e, Mr. Plumer, Sir Roger Meredith, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Vincent, Colonel Read,

Sir James Campbell, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Campbell, Mr* Bacon, Mr. Glanville, Mr. Speke, Mr. Cornewall, Mr.

Oglethorpe, Lord Malpas, Mr. Rolle, Mr.

Mr. Sandys, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Gape, Mr. , Mr.

Hucks, Lord V re Beau clerk, Mr. Pearfe, Lord

thwait. Sir Robert Austin, Mr. Rozvney, Sir Vernon, Mr.

Walcot, Mr. Tremayne, Sir Orl. Bridgman, Mr.

Mr. Bertie, Mr. Scrope, Sir Geo. Saunders, Mr. Bevan,

Mr. Compton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act 8o't for vesting in Trustees the Eftafe of Lucy Bowry, Widow, and John Bowry, her Son, situate in the Parishes of Ed- W

monton and Tottenham, in the County of Middlesex, for the Sale thereof, to discharge the several Incumbrances thereupon, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Child, Mr. Annesley, Mr. Sandys, Sir Abra. Elton, Mr

Onslow, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Pearfe, Sir Charles Wager,

Colonel Read, Mr. Longueville, Sir Nathaniel Curzon,

Mr. Allington, Mr. Cunningham, Sir James Campbell,

Mr. Lyster, Mr. Conduit, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Oglethorpe,

Mr. Bacon, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Martin, Sir Clarke, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Neale, Mr. Tufnell, Lord Gage,

Mr. Wilson, Sir Richard Lane, Mr. Crow/e, Sir John

Shelly, Mr. Gape, Mr. Laroche, Sir Roger Meredith, Mr.

Ongley,

4 Geo. IL Aprilis. 737

Ongley, Mr. Holland, Mr. Mr. Digby, Mr.

Letvin, Mr. Yorke, Sir fVm. Mr. Mr.

T.bompfon, Mr. Newland, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Broke, Sir Williams, Mr. , Lord Mayor

of London, Mr. Perry, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Scawen, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Knight, Mr. Mr. Bertie, Mr.

Pelham; and all the Members that serve for Middlesex, Surry, and Hertford:And they are to meet this Afternoon* at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Flecknoe A Bill for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, Inclosure. and common Grounds, called Flecknoe Fields, in the Parish of Woolfhampcoat, in the County of Warwick, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Digby, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Winnington, Sir Abra. Elton, Mr.

Mr. Hughes, Mr. Sandys, Sir Charles Wager, Mr. Vintent, Mr. Oglethorpe, Mr. P Sir Roger Meredith, Sir Charles Turner, Sir Tho. Sanderson, Mr. Gape, Mr. Martin, Mr. Allington, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Cunningham, Mr. Hedworth, Colonel Read, Sir Geo. Saunders, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir Archibald Grant, Mr. Treby, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Alderman Child, Mr. Lyster, Sir Sebright, Mr. Fox, Lord Limerick, Mr. Mr. Holland,

Mr. Knight, Colonel Onslow, Mr. Walcot, Mr. Norris, Mr. Bertie, Colonel Selwyn, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Gregory, Mr. Plumptre, Mr.; and all the Members

that serve for the Counties of Oxford, Warwick, and Northampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Manufa-shire Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn-of Sai -cloth. ing nexf> at Eicven of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Heads for a Bill for further encouraging the Manufacture of British Sail-cloth.

Fraud* Sir Charles Turner presented to the House (according ^Starch"8 to Order) a for preventing Frauds in the making of Starch, and Hair Powder, and the clandestine Importation of foreign Starch and Hair Powder; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ideate' Mr, Alingion reported from the Committee, to whom ates< the Bill to enable Ideots, and Lunaticks, who are seised or possessed of Estates in Fee, or for Lives, or Terms of Years, in Trust, or by way of Mortgage, to make Conveyances, Surrenders, or Alignments, of such Estates, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto, which they had directed. him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; where the Amendment was twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Preventing Sir Nathanael Curzon reported from the Committee, to Robbery of whom the Bill to prevent the dealing of Linen, Fustian, Bleaching and Cotton, Goods and Wares, from Fields, Grounds, rou11 and other Plaees, used for whitening, bleaching, or drying, the feme, was committed; that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the Amendments were once , read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Regulating Sir Thomas Saunders Sebright reported from the Com-Camace° m'ttee>to whom the Bill to prevent the carrying excessive s* Von. 21.

Weights upon the publick Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directedbim to report to the House:

And he read 'the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table, where the Amendments whereonce read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for making the Ad temporary.

And the same was twice read, with Blanks j which were filled up; and the Clause amended.

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Clothiers, Yarn-makers, Woolfta- Importation piers, Woolcombers, &c. of the Town and Borough of of Wool# Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read; praying, contrary to their late Petition, that Irish Wool and Yarn may not be allowed to be imported Duty-free.

Ordered, That Leave be given to withdraw the said Petition.

And the Petition was withdrawn accordingly.

The House being informed, that a Person from the Admission* Prothonotary for the several Counties of Glamorgan, of Attorney^ Brecon, and Radnor, attended at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, A Lift of the Names of those Persons, who have been admitted Attorneys of his Majesty's Court of Great Sessions of the several Counties of Glamorgan,

Brecon, and Radnor, and when, and by whom, admitted, since the last Lift, delivered to this House.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Lift do lie upon the Table, to . be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Lift is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Mr.ComptroIleracquaintedtheHouse, thathis Majesty Bifcathorpe having been informed of the Contents of the ingrossed Inclosure. Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for exchanging the Parsonage-house, and Glebe Lands, in Bifcathorpe, in the County of Lincoln, for other Lands, belonging to the Lord of the Manor, and for giving a Recompence to the Rector, in lieu of his Tythes, to enable the Lord of the Manor to inclose the common Fields, his Majesty had been pleased to command him to acquaint this House, that, as to his Majesty's Interest, he gives his Consent, that this House may do therein, as they think fit.

The House being moved, that the Fourteenth Section j»]anta^ of the Act, made in the Seventh and Eighth Year of the tk>n Trade. Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds, and regulating Abuses, in the Plantation Trade," relating to the landing in Scotland and Ireland, Goods of the Product of his Majesty's Plantations in America, might be read;

The said Clause was read accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for importing from his Majesty's Plantations in America, directly into Ireland, Goods, not enumerated in any Act of Parliament; and that Mr. Cary, Mr. Nathanael Gould,

Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Daniel Pulteney, Mr.

Glanville, the Lord Percival, and the Lord Limerick, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and Mr. Allen:

Mr.

Player's

Estate.

Putt's Estate.

Supply Bill;

railing a Sum by Annuities, Ice.

Colonial

Trade.

Exportation of Wool.

728 12°

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for felling Part of the Estate of Thomas Esquire, for discharging the Debts, Legacies, and Incumbrances, therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House; And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill intituled, An Act to enable Reymundo Putt, Esquire, to make and fill up Leal'es of the Estate, late of Sir Thomas Putt, Baronet, deceased, in the Counties of Devon, Dorset, and Somerset} to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingossed Bill for railing One million Two hundred Thousand Pounds by Annuities and a Lottery, in Manner therein mentioned, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill dopafs; and that the Title be. An Act for' raising One million Two hundred Thousand Pounds by Annuities and a Lottery, in manner therein mentioned; and for appropriating the Supplies, granted in this Session of Parliament; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, and Orders, loft, burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

Ordered, That Sir Charles do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sr John Rvjhout (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in .....the Amend-

ments the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment of one of them, agreed unto by the House} and another Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Cary (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whpm it was referred to consider of Heads for a Bill for the more effectual preventing the Exportation of Wool from Great Britain, and of Wool, and Wool manufactured, from Ireland, to foreign Parts, and also to consider of the Duty upon Woollen and Bay Yarn, imported from Ireland into England, the Resolutions, they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table j where the same were read, and are as followeth; v

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Provision be made for preventing the fraudulent Exportation of Wool from Great Britain, under Pretence of being manufactured.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That no Wool, Woolsells, Mortlings, Shortlings, Wool-flocks, Worsted, Bay or Woollen Yarn, in Great Britain or Ireland, shall be packed up into any Box, Barrel, Caik, Cafe, Gheft, or any other Package, »but in Linen, Woollen, Canvas, and Pack-cloth, only.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Statute, of the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of King Williamthe Third, by which the inhabitants of the respective Hundreds, Port, or Places, out of or through which any Wool, Woolsells, Mortlings, Shortlings, Wool-flocks, Worsted, Bay or Woollen Yarn, is carried, or exported, contrary to the said Act, are subject to certain Penalties, be further enforced, and extended to Ireland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Security, given for carrying Wool, and Woollen Goods, Coastwise, in Great Britain and Ireland, be made more effectual.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That some further Provision be made, more effectually

Aptilis. 1731.

to prevent the Exportation of Wool from Great , and of Wool, and Woollen Manufactures, from the Kingdom of Ireland, to foreign Parts, by giving sufficient Power for the taking and seizing of Ships and Vessels, having on board such Wool, and Woollen Manufactures, with Intent to carry them to foreign Parts.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the last Clause in an Act, passed in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act for continuing several Laws therein mentioned, and for explaining the Act, intituled,

" An Act to prevent the Exportation of Wool out of " the Kingdoms of Ireland and England into foreign *c Parts, and for the Encouragement of the Woollen

Manufacturesin the Kingdom of England," be repealed;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That all Duties, on the Importation of Bay or Woollen Yarn from the Kingdom of Ireland into Great Britain, be taken off.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That further Encouragement be given to such, as shall inform against the running of Wool out of Great Britain, and of Wool, and Woollen Manufactures, out of Ireland,

The first Six of the said Resolutions, being read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Seventh Resolution being read a Second time {

And a Motion being made, and the Question put,

That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till this Day Month}

The House divided:

Tire Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas, j Pat} "

Tellers for the Noes,} 1*7-

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the said Resolution was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The last of the said Resolutions, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolutions; and that Mr. Walpole, Mr. , Mr. Chancellor

of the Exchequer, Mr . DodingtonSir William Tonge, Mr. Scrope, Mr. Knight, Mr. Burton, Mr. Mr.

Digby, Mr. Earle, Mr. Glanville, Mr. Tufnell, Mr. Gybbon,

Mr. Clutterbuck, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Vernon, and Mr. Daniel Pulteney, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Resolved, That this House will immediately resolve Duty on itielfinto a Committee of the whole House, to consider Wooikmm-further of the Duty upon Woollen and Bay Yarn, im- ^trm ported from Ireland into England.

Ordered, That the Account of the Duty paid for Woollen and Bay Yarn, imported into England from Ireland, from Christmas 1715, to Christmas 1729, distinguishing each Year, and how the same (lands appropriated, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

" Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same;

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning,

The Order, for reading a Second time, the Bill to ex- R^ote? plain and amend a Clause in an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Second, for making more effectual several Acts relating to Watermen, Wherry men, and Lightermen, rowing on the River Thames, so far as the same relates to Ferryboats, and flat-bottomed Boats, being read;

17 The

Firm.i

M'

T(X0

si Me

Ym

kiM

Pr:'

3h

lluoll,

h

St;

H,

Sj

j

4 Geo II.

i a° — 130

7*9

V:

The Counsel were called in.

And the Bill was read a Second time.

And the teveral Petitions, which had been presented to the House against the Bill, were also read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners were heard: And they examined several Witnesses.

And then the Counsel were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further hearing of Counsel upon the said Bill be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eleven of the Clock.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Frauds^ Resolved, That this House will, To morrow Morning, Tenant^ tefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectual preventing Frands committed by Tenants.

Ways Refolded, That this House will, upon Friday Seven-asd Means, night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 13°;

Anno 4" Georgii IP1 Regis, 1731.

Prayers.

Player's A N ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. for felling Part of the Estate of Thomas

Esquire, for discharging the Debts, Legacies, and Incumbrances therein mentioned, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Putt's An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Estate. to enable Reymundo Putt, Esquire, to make and fill up

Leases of the Estate, late of Sir Thomas Putt, Baronet, deceased, in the Counties of Devon, and

was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Bifca'horpe An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Iudofure, for exchanging the Parsonage-house, and Glebe Lands, in Bifcathorpe, in the County of Lincoln, for other Lands,

. belonging to the Lord of the Manor, and for giving a

Recompence to the Rector, in lieu of his Tythes, to enable the Lord of the Manor to inclose the common Fields, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas Saunderfony Mr. Sandys, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Cary, Mr. Scrope, Mr. Hamilton, Lord Mickletkwaite, Mr.

Gybbon, Mr. Rolle, Sir Roger Sir Roger Me-

redith, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Lyfler, Lord Malpas, Lord Gage, Sir Archibald Grant, Sir John Barrington, Mr.

Winning/in, Sir James Campbell, Mr Mr. Vincent,

Sir John Rujhout, Mr. Walcot, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Martin, Major Compton, Mr. IValler, Lord Vere Beauclerk, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. More, Lord Limerick, Mr. Holland, Mr. Pulteney, Colonel Onslow, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Sir Nath. Cur-

zon, Mr. Crowle, Mr. Mr. Bramston; and all

the Members, that serve for the Counties of Lincoln, Norfolk, and Suffolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House being informed that Mr. Wolfe, from the Court of the Duchy of Lancaster, attended at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar,- presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

AJmissions of A Lift of all such Persons, as have been admitted Solicitor*, Solicitors of his Majesty's Court of Duchy Chamber of Couri'of^ Lancaster, and the Court of Chancery, held for the Lancaster. County Palatine of Lancaster, by the Chancellor of the said Duchy and County Palatine, in pursuance of the Act, passed in the Second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for the better Regulation of Attorneys and So-Vql. 21.

licitors, with the Places of their Abode, and when and Where admitted; and also,

A Lift of Fees, claimed by John Wolfe, Deputy Clerk Fee*, &c. and Register of his Majesty's Court of Duchy Chamber taken in of Lancaster-, and also. . StUSS

A Lift of Fees, claimed by Jeremiah Wainewright,

Deputy Keeper of the Records of his Majesty's Court of Duchy Chamber of Lancaster; and also,

A Lift of Fees, claimed by Thomas Afshelon and William Page, the Two Attorneys of his Majesty's Court of Duchy Chamber of Lancaster; and also,

A Lift of Fees, claimed by Wm. Ulher and

Messenger of his Majesty's Court of Duchy Chamber of Lancaster.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Lifts were read.

Ordered, That the said Lifts do lie upon the Table, so be perused by the Members of the House.

The Lifts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

An ingossed Bill for enlarging the Term granted by St Alhan* an Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of his late Roads. Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act for " repairing the Highways through the several Parishes of " St. Michael, St. Albans, St. Peter, Shenley, Ridge, and " South Mims, in the Counties of Hertford and -

t(sex," was read die Third time.

And an Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press 4. L. # To leave out " contained,' and, instead thereof, to insert " construed."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title b?.

An Act for enlarging the Term granted by an Act, pafifed in the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act for repairing the " Highways through the several Parishes of Michael,

" St. Albans, St. Peter, Shenley, Ridge, and South Mims,

" in the Counties of Hertford and Middlefx," and for making the said Act more effectual.

Ordered, That the Lord Grimston do carry the Bi{l to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Cary presented to the House {according to Order) Irish a Bill for importing from his Majesty's Plantations in Pbn-atioa America, directly into Ireland, Goods, not enumerated in ra e' any Act: of Parliament; and the same was received.

Ordered, That the ingossed Bill for repairing, and llfordcombe keeping rn Repair, the Pier and Harbour of , Harbour,

in the County of Devon, be now read the Third time.

The Bill was read the Third time.

An ingossed Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for obliging the Receivers of the Duties to keep an Account of all Monies, received and paid by virtue of the Act, and to account yearly on Oath at the Court ‘ Leet of llfordcombe.

And the said Clause was read Three times, and, upon the Question put thereupon, was agreed unto by the House, to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press 3. L. 7. Leave <out from the Word " beareth" to the Word " and, " in Line 9.

> L. 34. Leave out " one Key Meafe to be

" taken at any time or times, or otherwise."

L. 35. Leave out " Pence" to " and, "

in Line 37.

L. 40. Leave out " One hundred of Mackerel, or, in lieu thereof."

Press 4. L. 10. Leave out " in," and insert " and."

Press 5. L. 1. Leave out the Clause from " And,"

inclusive, to " And," exclusive, in Prels 6. Line 1. relating to-Pilots, and Pilotage, within the Harbour.

Prels 6. L. last. After " One" insert " half."

3 Y Press

Newhtven

Harbour,

Standee's

fciUtcs.

Duty on Woollens imported from Ireland.

Iriib

Plantation.

Trade.

Aa of New York against felling Rum to Indians,

Exportation of Gun* powder.

73° 13 dprilis. A. ijp.

Prese 7. L 12. Leave out ft the Key Meafe," and insert " any Duty."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severallyput thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill was amended, and the Clause Out out of the Bill, at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pafsj and that the Title be, An Act for repairing, and keeping in Repair, the Pier and Harbour of llfordcmbe, in the County of Devon.

Ordered, That Mr. Rolle do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and Mr. Allen:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing, and keeping in Repair, the Pier, or Piers, and Harbour, of Ne-whaven, in the County of Suf/ex, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the Sale of the Estates of Edward Esquire,

deceased, at Arborfield, and ell'ewhere, for discharging the Debts of the said Edward Standen, and other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sir Charles ‘Turner (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to confidei further of the Duty upon Woollen and Bay Yarn, imported fron Ireland into England, the Resolution, they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, in lieu of the Duties and Revenues, now charged upon Woollen and Bay Yarn, imported into England from Ireland, and charged with several Annuities, and other Appropriations, the like Sum be chained upon the several Duties and Revenues, commonly called the Aggregate Fund, and made applicable to the same Uses and Purposes.

The said Resolution being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed tc bring in a Bill, upon the Resolutions of the Hou e of Yesterday, relating to the more effectual preventing the Exportation of Wool from Great Britain, and of Wool, manufactured, from Ireland, to foreign Parts, and also relating to the Duty upon Woollen and Bay Yarn, imported from Ireland into England, that they do prepare a Clause, or Clauses, pursuant to the said Resolution.

A Bill for importing from his Majesty's Plantations in America, directly into Ireland, Goods, not enumerated in any Act of Parliament, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Dominique, from the Commissioner* for Trade and Plantations, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, Copy of an Act, passed at New York in 1709, intituled, "An Act to prevent felling or giving " of Rum, or other strong Liquors, to the Indians, in the County of Albany

And the Title thereof was read.

Ordered, That the said Act do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Act is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A Bill for granting an Allowance upon the Exportation of Gunpowder, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, To morrow Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill to prevent counterfeiting the Passes, commonly called Mediterranean Passes, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for preventing Frauds committed by Bankrupts, and by the Executors and Administrators of Traders dying insolvent, and for the Relief of the Creditors of Traders becoming insolvent, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will,-upon Thursday Seven-'night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue the Duties for Encouragement of Coinage of Money.

Mr. Conduit presented to the House (according to Order) a Bill for regulating and restraining the Charitable Corporation, for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest; and for regulating the lending of Money upon Pledges by any other Body politick and corporate, or other Persons; and for preventing Usury and Extortion: And the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be printed.

The House proceeded (according to Order) to the further hearing of Counsel upon the Bill to explain and amend a Clause in an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Second, for making more effectual several A As, relating to Watermen, Wherrymen, and Lightermen, rowing on the River Thames, so far as the same relates to Ferryboats, and flat-bottomed Boats.

And the Counsel were called in.

And the Petitioners Counsel examined another Wit-nels: And the Counsel were heard in Favour of the Bill: And they examined several Witnesses: And the Counsel for the Petitioners were heard, by way of Reply.

And the Counsel and Witnesses being withdrawn j

Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Malpas, Lord Fere Beauclerk, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Pelham, Sir Cha. Wager, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Glanville, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Whitworth, Sir John Cory ton, Mr. Crojfe, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Mr. Nicoll,

Mr. Tkompfon, Sir Wm.Tonge, Mr. Baron Birch, Sir Gilbert Heathcott, Mr. More, Mr. Corbett, Mr. Keif all, Mr. Earle, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Harrison, Sir Geo. Cafwall, Sir Robert Aufiin, Mr. Winning on,

Sir Nath. Curzon, Sir Geo. Saville, Sir John Williams, Sir Nicholas Williams, Mr. Clavering, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr. Vincent, Colonel Onslow, Mr. Ptten-ger, Colonel Bladen, Mr. Longueville; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Surrey, dlesex, Berks, Bucks, and City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The

Coontrttt. ing Meflitfr. rancanhfa.

Encamp.

mem cf Coinage.

Charitable

Corporation

Regulars

Thanes

Waferaot

C>

v.

4 Geo. II.

13* — 14® Aprilis.

Preventing Freud* by Tenants.

Weil

Broughton

Inclosure.

St* mien's Elate.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

' b Language of Re/ohted % That this House will. Tomorrow Morning,

Proceedings Tefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon in Law. the Bill that all Proceedings in Courts of ustice shall be in the English Language.

Resolved, That this House will, To*morrow Seven-night, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Upon the Bill for the more effectual preventing Frauds, committed by Tenants j and nothing to intervene.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

T

Mercuriiy 14.0 die;

Anno 4* Georgii II" Regis, 1731.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing divers Parcels of Commons a'id Waste Grounds, lying within the Manor of West Broughton, in the Parish of Dovebridge, in the County of Dt.rby, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing divers Parcels of Commons and waste Grounds, lying within the Manor of West Broughton, in the Parish of in the County of Derby.

Ordered, That Sir Nathanael Curzon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Sale of the Estates of Edward Standen Esquire, deceased, at Arborfield, and elsewhere, for discharging the Debts of the said Edward Standen, and other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Colonel Fane, reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming an Agreement, for exchanging of Lands, made between Edmund Halsey, Esquire, deceased, and the Patron, and Vicar, of Stoke Pops, in the County of Bucks, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and the Parties concerned had given their Conients to the fame, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Sir Charles Hot ham reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for making Divisions, Inclosures, and Allotments, of the open Corn Fields, and Pastures in the Lordship of Catwick in the County of York, and for settling and establishing the Payment of a yearly Sum to the Rector of Catwick aforesaid, and his Successors, in lieu of Tythes, pursuant to an Agreement between the present Rector, and Proprietors of the said Lands, was committed j that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and that the Parties concerned had given their Conients to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table; where the Amendment was read, and is as followeth; viz.

Prels 5. L. 20. Leave out " Robert Smithson, of *' Horn/ea." and insert " John ,of Dunington."

Hilfey'* See. Eitaie.

Catwick

ifldofure.

- I

73*

And the said Amendment was, tipon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Bill for making more effectual art Act. passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing, widening, and amending, the Roads from Wigan to Preston, in the County of Lancaster, was read a Second time.

Re/ihed, That the Bill be committed to Sir Henry Houghton, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Sir Nath. Curzon, Mr. Conduit, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Campbell, Sir 7bo Sebright, Sir Cha. Wager, Sir John Rushout, Lord Percival \Colonel Onslow, Sir Tko. Read, Colonel

Read, Mr. Sandys. Sir Abra. Elton, Sir Wm. Stapleton, Mr. Huxley, Mr. Orlebar, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Crow/e, Sir John Barrington, Mr Ongley, Mr. Baron Birch, Sir James Campbell, Mr LongucvtUe, Mr. , Mr. Towers, M'. Wither, Mr. Wtnnington, Mr. York, Mr. Williams, Mr. U ilfon. Colonel Lyddell, Mr. Cunningham, Sir Robert Monro, Sir Wm. Willys, Mr. Lowther, Lord Malpas, Major Cholmondeley, Mr Plumptre, Mr and all the Members that lerve for the Counties of Lancaster, Chester, and York:And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill to prevent the Healing of Linen, Fustian, and Cotton, Goods and Wares from Fields, Grounds, and other Places, used for whitening, bleaching, or drying, the fame, was read the Third time.

The following Amendments were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press 2. L. 9. After " such" to insert " Felon or and after " Felon" to insert " Offenders."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act to prevent the stealing of Linen, Fustian, and Cotton, Goods and Wares, from Fields, Grounds, and other Places, used for whitening, bleaching, or drying the fame.

Ordered, That Sir Nathanael Curzon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Right honourable Arthur Lord Vtfcount Irwin, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, that, if the River Dun, in the County of York, be establish^d a free navigable River, to the River Owze, as is attempted by the Bill depending in this House, relating to the Navigation of the said River Dun, he will be damnified in his Rights, as Lord of the Man><r of -field, in the said County, and also in his Land Estate within the said Manor: And therefore praying, that he may be heard by himself, or CounfeJ, against the said Bill, in order to have such Relief, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table* until the Bill to explain and amend Two Act s of Parliament, one made in the Twelfth, and the other in the Thirteenth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, for making navigable the River Don, in the County of York, and for the better perfecting and maintaining the (aidNavigation, and for uniting the several Undertakers into One Company, be read a Second time; and that the Petitioner be then heard by his Counsel against the said Bill, if he thinks fit.

A Petition of Edward Simpson, of Lincoln' $-\nn, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, that, if the Bill, depending in this House, relating to the Navigation of the River Dun, should pass, his Estate and Interest in the several Townships or Barnby Dun, Thorp, and,

will be very much injured: And therefore pra) ing that he may be heard by himself, or Counsel, against the said Bill, and have such Relief, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered,

Wigan, 4c. Roads.

Preventing Robbery of bleaching Grounds.

Dun

Navigations

Colonial

Trade.

Gravefnd

Church.

St. Philip and Jicob in Gloucestershire Work-house.

Ideo's* K dates.

Regulating Weights of Carriage.

73* 140 Aprilis. A. 1731,

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill to explain and amend Two Adbs of Parliament, one made in the Twelfth, and the other in the Thirteenth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, for making navigable the River Dun, in the County of , and for the better perfecting and maintaining the bid Navigation, and for uniting the several Undertakers into One Company, be read a Second time; and that the Petitioner be then heard by himself, or Counsel, against the said Bill, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time upon this Day Month.

A Petition of William Penn Esquire, Heir at Law, and of "John Penn, Thomas Penn, and Richard , Gentlemen, Devisees under the Will of William , Esquire, deceased, for and on behalf of the Province ot vania in America, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, that, if the B.ll depending in this House, foi the better lccuring and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty's Cugar Colonies in America, should pass, it will be very prejudicial to, and tend greatly to the Impoverishment of his Majesty's faithful Subjects in the said Province, and will greatly distress the Inhabitants, Trade, and Navigation* of that Province, and in conte-quence thereof, be injurious to the Commerce and Navigation of this Kingdom: And praying, that the said Province may be excepted out of the said Bill, or that the same may not pals, or the fihl Province have such other Relief, as shall be thought just. '

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The House being moved, that the Third Section of the Act made in the Ninth Year of the late Queen Anne, for building Fifty new Churches in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, and Subuib. thereof, which re-

lates to the Materials for building the said Churches, might be read; '

And the bid Clause being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Inflruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for rebuilding the Parish Church of Gravesend, as one of the Fifty new Churches directed to be built by Two Acts of Parliament, one made.in the Ninth, and the 9thei» in the Tenth, Year of the Reign of her late Majesty. Queen Anne, is committed, that they' have Power to receive a Clause, that the Trustees jnay build the said Parish ChurG^i with Brick, as well as Stone, or altogether with Brick, ant^ other proper Materials^ as they shall thihk fit.

OrdmdrThat it bej an InfiruCfionfito the'Committee,

to whom the Bill fof erecting a Work'house in the parish of'St. P/rilip and fate.b, in the County of , is

committed,‘that they1 have Power to receive a Clause, for iricreasing the Number of Peace Officers within the said Parish. 1 . '

J1 j; 1; »( < Lt j <. . *

An ingTQfftd: Bill to enable Jdeots, and ILuoaticks, who are seised or possessed of Estates in Fee, 'Or for Lives* or Terms, of Years, In Trust, or by way of Mortgage, to make Conveyances, Surrenders, pr Afiigrtments, of Inch Estates, vy&s read the Third time.

Resolve4\ That the Bill do' pass; and that the Title be. An Act to Enable Ideots, iand Lunaticks, who are seised or possessed of Estatesin Fee, or for Lives, or Ternis of Years, in Trust, or by way of Mortgage, to make Conveyances; Surrenders, or A Arguments, of such Estates.

Ordered, Til at Mr. Allington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A‘fi ingrossed Bill to prevent the carrying excessive Weights Upon the publick Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England, was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press 1. L 13. After " whatsoever," to jnfert thefie Words, " except the same be loaded withTfipfie^ Stone,

" or Ordnance/' .

> - -

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Then a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill do pass;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Toilers for the Noes, j fp£Z7'c°'u,n } So it passed in the Negative.

itA1

Ordered, That the Order, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the of Coil!r Bill to continue the Duties for Encouragement of the Coinage of Money, be now read.

The said Order was read accordingly. yst

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and Mr. Allen:

M r. Speaker,

The* LoVds have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Ghwfa for repairing she Road leading fir in ‘Chappel on the Heath, in the County of Oxon, to the Qaarry above Bourton on the Hill, in the County of Gloucester, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords hive passed a Bijl, intituled, An Act Hackle's for enabling Godfrey Kneller Huekle, Gentleman, and the Heirs o£his Body, to take and use the Surname of Kneller j -to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act WestM for fi lling Part of the Estate of Robert Esquire,

in the County of Lancaster, for raising Money to discharge several Debts and Incumbrances of hisFather and Brother, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the-Messengers withdrew.

Then the House refiolved itself into a Committee of the emowsb-whole House, upon the Bill to continue the Duties for °*CciaS' Encouragement of the Coinage of Money.

Mri Spfeakerleft the Chair.

Sir CAsr/to Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

: iMr. Speaker resumed the Chair."

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that they had! gone through the Bill* and made several Amendments thenetmto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will pleole to receive the same.

Ordered \That the Report be received upon this Day Sevennight.

A Bill'for importing from his Majesty's Plantations ME in America, directly into Ireland, Goods, not enumerated in any Act of Parliament, was read a Second time. r Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Na. There was not any Blank in the Bill; no Amend-. . ment was proposed to be made, nor was any Objeiftion offered, to it.

Mr. Walpsole prefeRted to the House (according to Expomwi Order) a. Bill for the more effectual preventing the Ex- of Wool, portat-ion of Wool from Great and of Wool,

and Wool manufactured, from Ireland, to foreign Parts; and for tajeing off the Duties upon Woollen and Bay Yarn, imported from Ireland into England: And the same was received, and read the Fir'll time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Sevennight.

‘lY:

An ingrossed Bill for the better, securing and ert- CoM coucaging the Trade of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies id America, was read the Third time.

Refojved, That the ‘ Bill do pass; and that the Title be,

' »i An

' 4 Geo. H.

i.An Act for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America.

Ordered, That Sir John Rushout do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Frand* in A Bill for preventing Frauds in the making of Starch, miking and Hair Powder, and the clandestine Importation of I Starch, &c. foreign Starch, and Hair Powder, was read a Second ‘ time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Archbishop Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the ingrossed

°Ettate from Lords, intituled, An Act for making,

and rendering effectual, an Exchange of the Estates therein mentioned, in the County of York, between Lancelot, Archbishop of York, and John Aiflabie, Esquire, is committed, have Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

Manufadute The Order being read, for the House to resolve itself Sa,l*c,oth‘ into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Heads fora Bill for further encouraging the Manufacture of Eritijk Sail-cloth, and also to consider of the Duties upon Hemp, Flax, and Sail-cloth}

Ordered, That the Account of the gross and net Produce, for Seven Years, ending at 1729, of the Duties upon Flax, together with an Account, how: the same Hands appropriated, be referred to the said

Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of foreign Sail-cloth, imported into England for Seven Years, to Christmas 17191 distinguishing each Year, together with an Account of the Duty paid for the same, and how the same Hands appropriated, and what Quantity has been re-exported, and what Drawback has been allowed thereupon, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of what English Sail-cloth has been exported for Seven Years, ending at Christmas 1729, together with an Account of the Bounty which has been paid thereupon, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Thompson, of York, took the Chair of the Com-" mi t tee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Thompson reported from the Committee, that they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon this Day

Sevennight.

r* Counterfeit- The other Orders of the Day being read; ing Mediter- The House resolved itself into a Committee of the raneanPafles. wjj0]e [{oufe5 upon the Bill to prevent counterfeiting the PalTes, commonly called Mediterranean Pafles.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. IVimington took the Chair of the Committee.

: Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. IVimington reported from the Committee, that > they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-

ments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, t. when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Winnington accordingly reported, from the said Committee, the Amendments, they had made to the said r Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the

House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the Amendments were once read

Vo l.21.

Ill

throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severallyput thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House resolved itself into a Committee of^Ae GravefcAd* whole House, upon the Bill for rebuilding the F^rifli 1 ChurA;"5 Church of Gravesend, in the County of Kent, as One'of the Fifty new Churches, directed to be built by Two Acts of Parliament, pne made in the Ninth, and Ihe other in the Tenth, Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir/?of<?r Meredith took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Roger Meredith reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and toade several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon this Day Sevennight "J

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- Supply, night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Language of whole House, upon the Bill that all Proceedings -in- Proceedings Courts of JuRice shall be in the English Language.: *n ^aw*

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir George Savil/e took the Chair of the Cotonrittee.'-

Mr Speaker resumed the Chair. ‘

Sir George Saville reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made, feverti Amendments there.unto, which they had directed'hi to to report, when the House will please to receive the farfle.V

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Sevennight. '

Sir Abraham Elton reported from the Camrriitteei to Bristol

whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in Road*

the Thirteenth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituledj " An Act for amending the several Roads leading froto " the City of Bristol," was committed j that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, arfB found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and after: '

wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment of one of them, agreed unto by the Hodfe.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Westby's for felling Part of the Estate of Robert Esquire, Estate.

in the County of Lancaster, for railing Money to discharge several Debts and Incumbrances of his Father and Brother, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the FirR time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Hackle's for enabling Godfrey Kneller Huckle, Gentleman, and Name, the Heirs of his Body, to take and use the Surname of Kneller, was read the FirR time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Committee Elections be adjourned. of Privilege*.

And then the House adjourned till this Day Sevennight, Nine of the Clock in the Morning.

S Z

14° Aprilts.

7H

ii* Jprilis. j. ,731,

Feft

the Court of Chancery.

Me.rcu.riiy 21° <&<? Apr Ms;

Anno 4* Georgii 1IJ> Regi?, 173,1.

Prayers.

THE House being informed, that Mr.

of the Examiners Office in Chancery, attended at the Dopr, he was called ip, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursua, nt to their Order,

A Table of the usual and accustomed Fees, taken by the Examiners in the high Court of Chancery, for almost Three hundred Years together, to this present Year of our Lord 1731; and also,

A Table of the now Copying Clerks Fees in the Examiners Office in the high Court of Chancery.

And then he ^withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Tables of Fees were read. Ordered, That the iaid Tables of Fees do lie upon the Table, to be perufeti by the Members of the House. The said Tables of Fees are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Heirs of his Body , to take and use the Surname of &tf//er, wzs read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Child, Mr. York, Loid Gage, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Laufon, Colonel Read, Mr. Holland, Mr. Oglethorpe; Mr. Burton, Mr. Berkley, Sir Bfibcrt Mr. Baron

Birch, Mr. More, Mr. Walcot, Mr. Campbell, Sir Campbell, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Mr. Mr.

Lewis, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Earle, Mr. Law/on, Mr. Longueville, Lord Grimston, Sir Robert Sir

Robert Sutton, Mr. Orlcbar, Mr. Hacks, Mr. mond, Mr. Westby, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Mr.

Ramsden, Mr. Crowte, Sir John Williams, Mr. Bramston, Mr. Pulteney, Lord Percival, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Crosse, Sir Robert , Mr. Earl,

Mr.. Cri/p, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Edwards, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Tvfnell, Mr* Hates, Sir Nath. Curzcn, Mr. Gower, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Mr. Martin, Sit

Archibald Grant, Mr. PlumptrMr. Fernon, Sir A bra. Elton, Mr. Fane; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Middlesex, , and the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Westby*.

Eftat«.

Flayer's

Elute.

Huckle'*

Name.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for felling Part of the Estate of Robert Esquire,

in the County of Lancaster, for railing Money to discharge several Debts and Incumbrances of his Father and Brother, and other Purposes therein mentioned, was rjs^d a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. ville., Lord Gage, Sir Robert Clifton, Sir Robert Sutton, Mr. Shuttle worth, Mr. fhuks, Mr. Drummond, Mr. West by, Mr. Low t her, Mr. , Mr, Ranfden,

Mr. CrayfU, §ir John Williams, Mr. Alderman Mr.

Mr. Pulteney, Lord Percival, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Mr. HMr. Roberts, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Craftp, Sir Robert Furitefs, Mr. Man, Mr. Oglethorpe, Mr. , Colonel Read,

Mr. Earle, Mr. Holland, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Edwards, Sir Cha. Turner, Mr. Tufnell, Mr. Hales, Sir Nath. Canton, Sir Jofepfs Eyles, Sir Robert Austin, Mr. Gower, Mr. Walcot, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Martin, Mr. Campbell, Sir Archibald Grant, Mr. plumptre, Mr. Fernon, Lord Limerick, Sir A hr a.

Sir Roger Meredith, Mr. Dunbar, Mr.;

ted all the Members that serve for the Counties of York and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for felling Part of the Estate of Thomas Player, Esquire, for discharging the Debts, Legacies, and Incumbrances therein mentioned, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Scrape, Mr. Burton, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Wynn, Mr. Roberts, Sir Jams Campbell, Mr. Brown, Mr. More, Mr. Glanville., Mr. Baron Birch, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Earle, Sir Tho. Read, Sir Archibald Grant, Mr. Morgan, Lord Gage, Mr. Sandys, Sir Robert Clifton, Sir Robert Sutton, Mr. Orlebar, Mr. Hucks, Mr. Drummond, Mr. Westby, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Fane, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Fernon, Sir A bra. Elton, Mr. Martin, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Alderman Child, Mr. Anneftey, Mr. Walcot, Sir Robert Austen, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Watkyn Williams Wynn, Mr. Tremayn, Colonel Read, Mr. Earle, Mr. Yorke,

Mr. Wortley, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Ramsden, Mr. Crow/e, Sir John Williams, Mr. Pulteney, Lord Percival, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Mr. Hughes, Mr. Crosse, Sir Robert Furness, Mr. More, Mr. '

Mr. Holland, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Edwards, Mr. Tufnell, Mr. Hales, Mr. Gower, Mr. Thompson; and all the

Members that serve for the Counties of Scmcrfet, cester, and Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling Godfrey Knel/er Huckle, Gentleman, and the

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Frances Arundell, and George Henry Earl of Litchfield, Guardian eft. Mary Arundell, an Infant, during the Minority of the said Mary Arundell, to grant and fill up Leases of the Estates of the said Frances and Mary Arundell, in the Counties of Cornwall and Dorset, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Gage, Colonel Onslow, Sir Roger Meredith, Mr. Burton, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Earl, Mr. Glanville, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Mare, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Mr. Btvan, Mr.

Clayton, Mr. Holland, Mr. York, Mr. Lewis, Lord I'ere Beauclerk, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Hoste, Mr. Hamilton; Lord Palmerston, Sir Tho. Read, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Alder-

man Child, Mr. Martin, Mr. Pelham, Sir Hath.

Mr. Longueville, Mr. Ongley, Sir Robert Clifton, Sir Ro-

bert Sutton, Mr. Orlebar, Mr. Hucks, Mr. Drummond, Mr. Westby, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Ramsden, Mr. Crowle, Sir John Williams, Mr. Anneftey, Mr. Pulteney, Lord. Percival, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Mr.

Grosse, Sir Robert Furness, Mr. Oglethorpe, Mr. Heath-cote, Colonel Read, Mr. Earle, Mr. Burrard, Mr. JW-wards, Mr. Tufnell, Mr. Hales, Sir Robert Austin, Mr. Gower, Mr. Walcot, Mr. Thompson; and all the Members, that serve for the Counties of And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Estates of Edward Standen, Esquire, de« ceased, at Arborfield, and elsewhere, for discharging the Debts of the said Edward Standen, apd other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Burton, Lord Fere Beauclerk, Sir Charles Turner, Sir Roger redith, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Glanville, Mr. Fernon, Mr. Laroch, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Earl, Colonel Read, Mr. Lewis, Mr. York, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Heathcote, Mr. Alderman Child, Mr. Hoste, Mr. Cary, Colonel Onslow, Mr. Ogle thorp, Mr. Walcot, Mr. , Mr. Edwards, Mr. Martin, Mr. Rowney, Sir Nath. , Mr. -tenger, Mi. Anneftey, Mr. Chafin, Mr. , Mr. Ktl-fall, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Hales, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Fane, Sir James Campbell, Sir Tho. Read, Mr. Neale, Mr. Sel-wyn, Mr. Westby, Mr. Huxley, Mr. Mr.

Hucks, Mr. Sandys, Sir Gilbert Heathcote, Mr, Gould, Mr. Pelham, Lord Palmerston, Mr. Thomson, Mr. Wilmington, Mr. Brown, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Mr. Fernon,

Mr. Rowney; and all the Members, that serve for the Counties of Berks, Southampton, and Wilts: And the? are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Qock, in the Speaker's Chambar.

AmAn

ilm.

SUida's

Efae-

Al>

4

4 Geo. II.

21

P

An ‘ngro1^ Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act e‘ to enable Reymundo Putt, Esquire, to make and fiil up Leases of the Estate, late of Sir Thomas , Baronet,

: deceased, in the Counties of , and

'was read a Second time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Sir Mr. Reynel, Sir Roger Meredith, Sir James Campbell, Sir Archibald Grant, Mr. , Mr. Winning ton, Mr. Barpn Birch, Mr. Clayton, Mr. P/umftre, Mr. Ro/le, Sir A bra. Elton, Sir Thomas Aston, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Gould, Mr. Tufnefl, Mr. Rowney, Sir Charles , Mr. Cary, Mr.

Lext'is, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Martin, Mr. Lord Gage, Sir

" Robert Clifton, Sir Robert Sutun, Mr.. Orlebar, Mr.

Mr. Drummond, Mr. West by, Mr. Lowther, Mr.

Mr. Ramsden, Mr. , Sir John Williams, Mr.

Alderman Child, Mr. Annejley, Mr. Pulteney, Lord Percival, Mr. York, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Mr. Hamilton,

Mr. CroJTe, Sir Robert Furness, Mr. Colonel

Read, Mr. Holland, Mr. Edwards, Mr. Hales, Sir ^: Robert Aujlin, Mr. Gower, Mr. Walcot, Mr. Ouglcy,

Mr. Earl; and all the Members that l'erve for the Counties of Devon, Dorset, and Somerset: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Into An ingrossed Bill for importing from his Majesty's pbnuiion Plantations in America, directly into Ireland, Goods, not i 1 * enumerated in any Act of Parliament, was read the 1 Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; ind that the Title be. An Act for importing from his Majesty's Plantations in America, directly into Ireland, Goods, not enumerated r in any Act of Parliament.

... Ordered, That Mr. Cary do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

; .?owterf«it- An ingrossed Bill to prevent counterfeiting the Pafles, g Medita- commonly called Mediterranean Pafles, was read the 'mmPules. Third tune.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act to prevent counterfeiting the Pafles, commonly called Mediterranean Pafles.

Ordered, That Mr. Winnington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Eocoor»?e- Sir Charles Turner (according to Order) reported from men. of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to Coinage, continue the Duties for Encouragement the Coinage of Money, was committed, the Amendments the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Keport ip his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Manufacture Mr. Glanville (according to Order) reported from the ef Sail-doth. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of Heads for a Bill for further encouraging the Manufacture of British Sail-cloth, and also to consider :. of the Duties upon Hemp, Flax, and Sail-cloth, the Resolutions, they had directed to be reported to the Iloulc}

., which he read in his Place, and afterwords delivered in at

the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are

as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties on undressed Flax, imported into Great Britain, be taken off.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Drawback, allowed upon the Re-exportation of foreign Sail-cloth, dr foreignrtnade Sails, be taken off

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Vol. 21.

That the PraWback on Hemp, re-exported to A,mer{ca,

be faken, off.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,( That an additional Bounty of One Peoy Eli, bq allowed on all British Sail-cloth exported.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee^ That, in lieu of tlxt Dudes and Revenues, now charge^ upon Flax, and charged with several Annuities and other Appropriations, the like Sum be charged upon the several Duties and Revenues, commonly called the Aggregate Fund, and made applicable to the same Cfes and Purposes.

The laid Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a BUI be brought in, upon the fifid Resolutions; and that Mr. Glanville, Mr.

Sir Charles Turner, Mf. Alderman Barnard, . he L.rd ftJalpas, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Scrofe, the Lord Vere Bbfati-clerk, and Sir Charles Wager, do prepare, and bring in, the feme.

Sir Roger Mereditkfi.ccoxding to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole Hour-, *o whom the Bill for rebuilding the Parish Church f in the County of Kent, as one of the Fifty new Churches, directed to be built by Two Acts of Parliament, one made in the Ninth, and the other in the Tenth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, was committed, the Amendments the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with {he Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table} where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then aSecond time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by. the House. 4

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill to explain and amend an Act, pass^i in the Thirteenth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for amending the several Roads leading from the City of Brijhlf was read the Tail'd time.

Aq Amendment was proposed to be tn?c}e to the Dill j

viz.

Press 12. L- *3- After " Authority" to insert "aforesaid.'

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill wqs amended & the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That ihp Bill do pais; and that tbfTitlcbe, An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, Af1 Act for amending the several Roads leading from the City of Bristol.

Ordered, That Sir Abraham Elton do carry the BjlJ to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Meflhge from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Burroughs:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the effectual repairing the Highways between Dun-fable and Hockley, in the County of Bedford, by enlarging the Term and Powers granted by Two former Acts, one of the Ninth, and the other of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, with One Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting in John lnglis. Executor of George Heriot, Clerk, deccaied, certain Lands in the County of Southampton, mortgaged in Fee by Charles Buckley, Esquire, to the Testator, in Trull, for the Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The

Gravesend

Church*

Br«M

kP3(fe

Dunstable

Roads,

lnglis1

Eibte.

Hoflcyni*

Eiatei.

Charitable

Corporation*

Prerenting Frauds by Tenants.

Exportation

of Gun* powder.

Frauds in mJcing. Starch, &c.

73 6 2i °~22° Apr^.1731.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Eltatesof Sir Baronet,

in Trustees, to be sold, for the railing and paying his Brothers and Sillers Portions, now remaining a Charge upon his Estate, together with the Debts and Incumbrances of his Father, Sir affecting the fame; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill for regulating and restraining the Charitable Corporation, for Relief of indullrious Poor, by a (lifting them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, and for regulating the lending of Money upon Pledges by any other Body politick and corporate, or other Persons, and for preventing Usury and Extortion, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectual preventing Frauds, committed by Tenants.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Earle took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Earle reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and madefeveral Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting an Allowance upon the Exportation of Gunpowder.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

:Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

The Order being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for preventing Frauds in the making of Starch, and Hair Powder, and the clandestine Importation of foreign Starch, and Hair Powder;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, for preventing the counterfeiting, and adulterating, Coffee, Tea, and Chocolate.

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

And there not being Forty Members present, the House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Quefltion first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 2 2® die Afirilis;

Anno 4* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1731.

Praters.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Hodpu' for vesting certain Estates of Sir Eiiite.

Baronet, in Trustees, to be sold, for the railing and paying his Brothers and Sifters Portions, now remaining a Charge upon his Estate, together with the Debts and Incumbrances of his Father, Sir John affecting

the fame, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act ty, for vesting in John big/is. Executor of , flbte.

Clerk, deceased, certain Lands in the County of Southampton, mortgaged in Fee by Charles Buckley, El'quire, to the Testator, in Trust, for the Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time upon Tuesday Morning next, in a full House.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Pri- Pritlp vileges and Elections, touching the Complaint, made to the House the Twenty-fourth Day o last, against

Charles Bass? and John Metcalfe, and others, for entering, in a forcible Manner, into Part of the Estate of Francis Annesley, Esquire, a Member of this House, and seizing, and carrying away divers Goods, distrained by him for Rent due, in Breach of the Privilege of this House, be received Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Cat*kl for making Divisions, Inclosures, and Allotments, of the open Corn Fields and Pastures in the Lordship of Catwick, in the County of York, and for settling and establishing the Payment of a yearly Sum to the Reftorof Catwick aforesaid, and his Successors, in lieu of Tythes, pursuant to an Agreement between die present Rector, and Proprietors or the said Lands, was read the Third time.

Resolved\That the Bill, with the Amendment, do

pass.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Hdo carry the Bill to

the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with One Amendment; to which Amendment this House doth desire their Lordships Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill to continue the Duties for Encou- Encwnf ragement of the Coinage of Money, was read the Third ^|l)f time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be,

An Act to continue the Duties for Encouragement of the Coinage of Money.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Turner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Abraham Elton reported from the Committee, to BigtmTi whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An w I Act for exemplifying the Will of Nicholas Esquire, and for making the same Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity in Great Britain and Ireland, and Dominion of Wales, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the fame, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: I

And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table. I

The

b-

i j*

4 Geo. II. a a0 — 230

RwnUting The Lord Fere Beauclerk reported from the Committee, Tham«s whom the Bill to explain and amend a Chpjle in an atenacn. passed in the Second Year of his present Majesty King George the Second, for making more effectual several Acts pali'cd, relating to Watermen, Wherry men, and Lightermen, rowing on the River so far as the fame relates to Ferry-boats, and flat-bottomed Boats, was committed; that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, inat the Clerk's Table; where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Fulham and Mr. Alderman Child reported from the Committee, to Hunmersmith to whom the Bill for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Fulham, in the County of Middlesex, through

Fulham Fields, to the great Road near the Pound at Hanmerjmith, in the said County, was committed, that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had ge ne through the Bill, and madefeveral Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, mat the Clerk's Table; where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Preventing Mr. Earle (according to Order) reported from the - Praudsby Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Tenants, more effectual preventing Frauds, committed by Tenants, was committed, the Amendments, the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his . i . Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amend-

ments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereu[>on, the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mantifailure Mr. Glonville presented to the House (according to

of Sail-cloth. Order) a Bill for further encouraging the Manufacture of British Sail-cloth; and the same was received, and read the First time.

- Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Duke of Grafton's Estate*

Taylor^&c.

Estate.

Ufordcombe

Harbour.

Duke of Gra (ton's Estate.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. , and

Mr. Burroughs:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of an Estate of Charles Duke of Grafton, in the County of Surry, and to settle other Lands in lieu thereof; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill intituled, An Act for enabling the Sale of several Lands and Hereditaments of Thomas Taylor and Maurice , Esquires, in the County of Suffolk, and for settling other Lands, of as great yearly Value, to the same Uses; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing, and keeping in R pair, the Pier and Harbour of Ufordcombe, in the County of , without any

Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Vol. 21.

Jprilis. 737

for Sale of an Estate of Charles Duke of Grafton, in the County of Surry, and to settle other Lands in lieu thereof, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Taylor's, &c.; for enabling the Sale of several Lands and Hereditaments Estate* ot Thomas Taylor and Maurice Shelton, Esquires, in the County of Suffolk, and for settlingother Lands, of as great r

yearly Value, to the same LJfes, was read the First time. '

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House (according to Order)resolved itfelfintoa Praudsby Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for pre- BankruPts* venting Frauds, committed by Bankrupts, and by the Executors and AdministratorsofTradersdying insolvent,. and for the Relief of the Creditors of Traders becoming insolvent.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. fVinnington took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Wtnnington reported from the Committee, that they had made some Progress in the Biii; and that the Committee had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, at Eleven of the Clock, resolve itfelfinto a Committee the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill; and nothing to intervene.

A Bill for the more effectual preventing the Expor- Erportttio* tation of Wool, from Great Britain, and ot Wool, and of Wool. Wool manufactured, from Ireland, to f (reign Parts, and for taking off the Dutf s upon Woollen and Bay Yam, imported from Ireland into England, was (according to Order) read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Refotved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, at Eleven of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill; and nothing to intervene.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Turner have Leave to make. Frauds In a Motion, i^-being past Four of the Clock. making

And he moved the House, to resolve itself immediately St,rcb*ke* into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill, for preventing Frauds in the making of Starch, and Hair Powder, and the clandestine Importation of Hair Powder.

Resolved, that this House will immediately resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles lurner reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V eneris, 23* die Aprilis \

Anno 4# Georgii IP* Regis, 1731.

pAAYERS.

AN ingrossed Bill for rebuilding the Parish Church of Gnvefend Gravesend, in the County of Kent, as One of the Church. Fifty new Churches, directed to be built by Two Acts of 9 A Parliament,

2 30 Apr Hit.

A. 1731.

Parliament, one made in the Ninth, and the other in the Tenth, Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press 6. L. ti. After "Five" to insert "or more."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the Route; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pase; and that the Title be. An Act for rebuilding the Parish Church of Gravesend, in the County of Kent, as one of the Fifty new Churches, directed to be built by two Acts of Parliament, one made in the Ninth, and the other in the Tenth, Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne.

Ordered, That Sir Roger Meredith do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bowry's Mr. Alderman Child reported from the Committee, to Estate. whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting in Trustees the Estate of Lucy Bowry, Widow, and John Bowry, her Son, situate in the Parishes of Edmonton and Tottenham, in the County of for the Sale thereof, to discharge the several Incumbrances thereupon, and for other Purposes therein mentioned,

' was committed,) that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Worcester Mr. Sandys reported from the Committee, to whom Hop-market, the Bill for confirming an Agreement, lately entered into Between the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens, of the City of Worcester, and the Guardians of the Poor of the said City, for continuing the Hop-market of the said City in the Workhouse there, and for vesting the Right of the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens, of keeping a Hop-market in the said City, in the Guardians of the Poor of the said City, and their Successors, for ever, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, ind afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the Amendments were ftftce read throughout, > and then a Second time, one by 6nc, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Otdetred, That the Bilk, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Wigan, Sir Henry Hoghton reported from the Committee, to Ate. Roads, whom the Bill for making more effectual an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing, widening, and amending, the Roads from fVigetn to in the County of

Lancafiet was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Reportin his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bttt-, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and* upon die Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Preventing An ingrossed Bill for the more effectual preventing Frauds by Frauds, committed by Tenants, was read the Third Tenants. tim.*

Refolded, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be,

An Act for the more effectual preventing Frauds, committed by Tenants.

Ordered, That Mr. Earle, do carry the Bill to the the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for further encouraging the Manufacture of Mwolifot British Sail-cloth, was read a Second time. of tail-clou.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

Mr. Earle (according to Order) reported from the Nrfcp Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Complaint, made to the House the Twenty-fourth Day of March last, again!!

Charles Bass, and John Metcalfe, and others, for entering, in a forcible Manner, into Part of the Estate of Francis Annefiey, Esquire, a Member of this House, and

(eizing, and carrying away, divers Goods, distraiacd by him for Rent due, in Breach of the Privilege of this House, together with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read; and the Report, and Resolutions of the Committee, are as followeth;

That the Committee had examined the Matter of the Complaint, That Charles Bass, John , (who

pretended to be an Attorney, of Bernard's Inn) Elizabeth Langford, Thomas Paine, and Cooke, Bed-stead-maker, with divers other Persons, assembled in a riotous Manner, did on Sunday, the 21st of Match last, in the Time of divine Service, in a forcible Manner, enter into the George Inn on Snow-hill, in the Parish of St. Sepulchre's, London, Part of the Estate of Francis Ann, Esquire, a Member of this House, and did seize, and carry away, divers Goods, distrained by the said Mr lor Rent

due to him.

The Committee examined several Witnesses, who gave Evidence, as follows; viz.

John Day, being examined, said, he had enquired and searched for Charles Bass, Elizabeth , Thomas

Paine, and Godfrey Cooke, and that he had been at their Lodgings, and at all the moll likely Places, and Publick-houses, where they used, but could not find them; but that he had found John Metcalfe, who was attending at the Door.

Mr. Thomas Basham, being examined, proved the Counterpart of the Lease, from Mr. Annejley to of the George Inn, dated 23d Day of December 1725, for the Term of 12 Years; in which there is a Converunt, that, if it happen, that a Year's Rent at any one Time, during the said Term, be behind, or unpaid, it should be lawful for the said Francis Annejley under his Hand and Seal, to determine and make void the said Lease; and that, when Charles Bass should be served with such Instrument, or Wrijing, the said Lease should from thenceforth cease, and be void:

And gave Evidence, that the Rent was 140. per An-

num, and that there is now due /. 314. 5 s. allowing the Taxes.

John Day, being again called in, gave Evidence, that Mr. Aldersey served Mr. Bass with Mr. Annejley s Order, to make void the Lease; that he was by, wiien it was served, and took a Copy of it; and that Bass, when served, spoke very slightly of his Landlord, and how little he valued his Proceedings: That he seized the Goods by the Order of Mr. Hinton: That he entered the 27th ol February last, and took Possession; and he took it to be by Mr. Annejley's Order:

That on Sunday, the 21st of March last, Mr. Bass came into the Yard, and went into the Stable, and drove

Four

t

4 Geo. II. 236 Aprilts.

739

Four Saddle Horles, which were seized for Rent, out of the Stable: That he attempted to flop them; upon which Bass pulled out a naked Cutiafs from under his

Coat, and swore, he would do him forne Mischief, if he offered to interrupt the carrying off the Horses: That then Bass drove the Horles away: That in the Afternoon, in Sermon-time, he came again, with about twenty Persons more, and then, with many wicked Oaths, threatened, in a violent Manner, to cut him in two in the Middle, if he offered to relilt him, or to call any body to his Aid and A Alliance.

That John Metcalfe was there, and threatened him

Violence, if he refilled, and to turn him out of Possession; and pretended to be an Upholder; afterwards to be an Attorney, of Bernard's Inn; but, upon Enquiry, is an

Attorney's Clerk:

That Thomas Paine, Godfrey , and Elizabeth

Langford, assisted them likewil'e, in the same Manner, to carry off the Goods, as Beds, Linen, Pewter, and other Goods, and were concerned and a fulling in the riotous Proceedings on the said Sunday in the Afternoon:

That Charles Bass threatened, that Mr. Annesley should never have his Lease, and that he would make him know it j and threatened to pull down his Houses, and to bring Carts, and carry away the Materials.

Mr. Joshua Hinton gave Evidence, that he acted by Authority under Mr. Annesley'* Hand: That he distrained the 27th of February lait, and put John , and another Person, into Poliession, by Content of Mrs. , who was in the House, and ill ahove-ltairs; who sent him word, ihe did consent, that Persons should be put intoPossession on the behalf, and for the Use, of Mr. Annesley.

Then the Serjeant at Arms being directed to enquire, if any Persons con.plained of, or any Count'd, or Witnesses.for them, were attending, he acquainted the Committee, that John Metcalfe attended at the Door; who, being called in, laid, he was heartily lorry for his Offence, and submitted himself, anJ humbly asked Pardon: That he was unwarily draw n in to be concerned; but that he had assisted Mr. Annesley, in endeavouring to find out the other Persons complained of, but could not find them: That he knew of no other of tire Persons attending, that were concerned, or that defiled to be heard, to make their Defence against the said Complaint.

Upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to the following ltesolutions; viz.

Ref jivedy That it is the Opinion of t his Committee, That Charles Bass, hav:ng on Sunday, the Twenty-first Day ol March last, in the Time of divine Service, in a forcible Manner, entered into the George Inn, on hill, in the Parish of Saint , Part of the Estate of Francis Annesley, Esquire, a Member of this House, is thereby guilty of a Breach of the Privilege of this House.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Thomas Paine, having on the Twenty-firtt

Day of March last, in the Time of divine Service, in a forcible Manner, entered into the George Inn on Snow-hill, in the Parish of St. Sepulchre's, London, Part of the Estate ot Francis Annesley, Esquire, a Member of this House, is i hereby gui.iy of a Breach of the Privilege of this House.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Godfrey Cooke, having on Sunday, the Twenty-first Day ot March ialt, in the Time of divine Service, in a forcible Manner, entered into the George Inn on hill, in the Parish of Saint Sepulchre London, Part of the Estate ot Francis Annesley, hlquire, a Member of this House, is thereby guilty ol a Breach of the Privilege of this House.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Elizabeth Langford, having on Sunday, the Twenty-first Day of March ialt, in the Time of divine Service, in a forcible Manner, entered into the George Inn on Snow-hill, in the Parish ol Saint Sepulchre's, London, Part of the Estate of Francis Amefiey, Esquire, a Member of this

Vou 21.

House, is thereby guilty of a Breach of the Privilege of this House.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Commitree,

That John Metcalfe, having on Sunday, the Twemy-first Day of March fall, in the Time of divine Service, in a forcible Manner, entered into the George Inn on Snow-hill, in the Parish of St. Sepulchre's, London, Part of the Estate of Francis Annesley, Esquire, a Member of this House, is thereby guilty of a Breach of the Privilege of this House.

*Tiic laid Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the said Charles Bass be, for his said Offence, committed close Prisoner to his Majesty's Gaol of Newgate-, and that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants accordingly,

Ordered, That the said Thomas Peine be, for his said Offence, committed ck)fe Prisoner to Majesty's Gaol of Newgate-, and that Mr. Speaker do issue Ins Warrants accordingly.

Ordered, That the said Godfrey Cooke be, for his said Offence, committed close Prisoner to his Majesty's Gaol of Newgate-, and that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants accordingly.

Ordered, That the said Elizabeth Langford be, for her said Offence, committed close Prisoner to his Majesty's Gaol of Nezvgate; and that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants accordingly.

Ordered, That the said John Metcalfe be, for his said Offence, committed close Prisoner to his Majesty's Gaol of Newgate-, and that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants accordingly.

Sir Charles Turner (according to Order) reported from Frauds In the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for nuking preventing Frauds in the making of Starch, and Hair *tarc*1»^tc* Powder, and theclandestine Importation of Hair Powder, was committed, the Amendments, the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the.Amemendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, ohe by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Thomas Samderson reported from the Committee, Bifrarliorpe to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, laclosure. An Act for exchanging the Parsonage-house, and Glebe Lands, in Bifcathorpe, in the County of Lincoln, for other Lands, belonging to the Lord of the Manor, and for giving a Recompence to the lieftor, in lieu of his Fythcs, to enable the Lord of the Manor to inclose the common Fields, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and the Parties concerned had given their Conleots to die lame, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

A Petition of the Glass-makers, Brewers, Distillers, coal Trade. Sugar Bakers, Smiths, Dyers, and other considerable Consumers of Coals, in the behalf of themselves, and the Inhabitants, in and about the Cities of London and Wcfl-minster, was presented to the House, and read; complaining, that the Price of Coals is greatly enhanced, by the Mailers of Ships, employed in the Coal Trade, keeping Turn in delivering Coals in the River Thames, to tire Evasion of the Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for the better Regulation of the Coal Trade: And praying, that effectual Measures may be taken, to prevent the

enhancing

740

23* — 24° Aprilis.

enhancing the Price of Coals, and keeping Turn in the Delivery thereof, or that such other Relief may be given, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for rendering more effectual an Act, made in the Third Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for the better Regulation of the Coal Trade," lb far as the same relates to the preventing the enhancing the Price of Coals in the River Thames, by keeping of Turn in delivering of Coals there; and that Mr. Daniel Pulleney, Sir IVm.

Yonge, Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. Alderman Mr. Robert Byng, Sir Gilbert , Mr. Bozvles,

Mr. Clayton, and Mr. P turner, do prepare, and bring in,

the fame.

Peny-post

Allowance.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for obviating a Doubt, which hath arisen, concerning the usual Allowance made upon the Delivery of Letters, lent by the Peny-post to Places out of the Cities of London and minster, and Borough of Southwand the respective Suburbs thereof;

The Previous Question was put, That that Question be now put:

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Te.,e* for «h« Y«s,$r; Airman J loll

Tellers for the Noes,} 16.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for obviating a Doubt, which hath arisen, concerning the usual Allowance, made upon the Delivery of Letters, sent by the Peny-post to Places out of the Cities of London and Westminster, and Borough of , and the respective Suburbs thereof; and that Mr. Mr.

Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Attorney-general, and Mr. , do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

Beer, that shall be vended or sold within the Town of Dundee, and Privileges thereof, for paying the publick Debts of the said Town, repairing the Harbour there, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendment, made by Cat»ict this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making kdofnt Divisions, Inclosures, and Allotments, of the open Corn Fields and Pastures in the Lord ship of Catwick, in the County of York, and for settling and establishing the Payment of a yearly Sum to the Rector of Catwick aforesaid, and his Successors, in lieu of Tythes, pursuant to Agreement between the present Rector, and Proprietors of the said Lands.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Order being read, for the House to resolve itself Fnodcby into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for preventing Frauds, committed by Bankrupts, and by the Executors and Administrators of Traders dying insolvent, and for the Relief of the Creditors of Traders becoming insolvent;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, for dividing equally, amongst their just and lawful Creditors, the Effects which shall be delivered up by insolvent Per-(bns, pursuant to an Act, made in the Second Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled " An Act for the Relief of " Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their " Persons."

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Winnington took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Winnington reported from the Committee, that they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and that the Committee had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Language of Sir George Saville (according to Order) reported from Proceedings the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill in Law. that all Proceedings in Courts of Justice shall be in the English Language, wascommitted, the Amendments, the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingross'cd.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Half or d and Mr. Burroughs:

Mr. Speaker,

Sudd! mi- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act raisinga Sum for raising One Million Two hundred Thousand Pounds by Annuities, by Annuities and a Lottery, in mannertherein mentioned; *c- and for appropriating the Supplies, granted in this Session

of Parliament; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, and Orders, loft, burnt, or otherwise destroyed; without any Amendment: And also,

Aberdeen The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Town Debts, for the further continuing the Duties granted by an Act, passed in the Parliament of in the Year 169 5, and

continued by an Act, passed in the Year 1707, for paying off the Debts of the Town of Aberdeen, and for other publick Uses of the -(aid Town, without any Amendment: And also,

Dundee The k°rds ^avc aSree<^ to the Bill, intituled, An Act Townand for continuing the Duties of Two Ponies Scots, or One-Harbour. sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, upon every Pint of Ale and

»6

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Wap ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ailMasl House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, at chariull; Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of Corpora*, the whole House, upon the Bill for regulating and restraining the Charitable Corporation, for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, and for regulating the lending of Money upon Pledges by any other Body politick and corporate, or other Persons, and for preventing Ulury and Extortion.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Eipomm whole House, to whom the Bill for gtanting an Allow- G ance upon the Exportation of Gunpowder, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the*House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbat /,2 40 die Afrilis;

Anno 4# Georgii II*11 Regis, 1731.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for confirming an Agreement, Womb lately entered into between the Mayor, Aldermen, Hop-mtke and Citizens, of the City of Wore, and the Guardians of the Poor of the said City, for continuing the Hop-market of the said City in the Workhouse there, and for vesting the Right of the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens, of keeping a Hop-market in the said City, in the

Guardians

jrffi:

UX'Ji

T'iji

L

% hI

'tT

Fulham and

Hammersmith

Road.

Slaughter

Inckisure.

Wigan, 1c. Roads.

F^eulatrg

Thames

Watermen.

4 Geo. II.

24® Apr

74r

Guardians of the Poor of the said City, and their Successors, for ever, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act for confirming an Agreement, lately entered into between the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens, of the City of Worcester, and the Guardians of the Poor of the said

City, for continuing the Hop-market of the said City in the Workhouse there, and for hefting the Right of the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens, of keeping a Hop-market in the said City, in the Guardians of the Poor of the said City, and their Successors, for ever.

Ordered, That Mr. Sandys do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing the Road leading from the 1 own of Fulham, in the County of Middle-/ex, through Fulham Fields, to the great Road near the Pound at Hammersmith, in the said County, was read the

Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals; and that the Title be. An Act for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Fulham, in the County of Middlesex, through Fulham

Fields, to the great Road near the Pound at Hammersmith, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Sandys reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for inclosing, dividing, and exchanging, the common Fields, and common Grounds, in the Parishes of Lower Slaughter and Upper Slaughter, in the County of , was

committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and the Parties concerned had given their Ccnfents to the fame, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, except the President and Fellows of Corpus Christi College in Oxford, who are seised of the Freehold of the Foremarth of Three Acres of Land in Hay Meadow, in Upper have no

Right of Common in either of the said Parishes, which Three Acres are demised by Copy of Court Roll, for Two Lives, and a Widows Estate, to Paris Collet, who has given hisConfent to the Bill ;and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

An ingrossed Bill for making more effectual an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing, widening, and amending, the Roads from Wigan to , in the County of Lancaster, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for making more effectual an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Gfor^rthe First, for repairing, widening, and amending, the Roads from, Wigan to Preston, in the County of Lancaster.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Hoghton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to explain and amend a Clause in an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Second, for making more effectual several Acts passed, relating to Watermen, Wherrymen, and Lightermen, rowing on the River Thames, lb far as the same relates to Ferry-boats, and flat-bottomed Boats, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act to explain and amend a Clause in an Act, passed in the Second Year of his Majesty's Reign, for making more effectual fcv<yal Acts, relating to Watermen, Wherrymen, and Lightermen, rowing on the River ‘Thames, so far as the same relates to Ferry-boats, and flat-bottomed Boats.

Ordered, That the Lord Fere Beauclerk do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Vo 1.. 21.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting in Trustees the Estate of Lucy Bowry, Widow, and John Bowry, her Sen, situate in the Parishes of monton and ‘Tottenham, in the County of Middlesex, for the Sale thereof, to discharge the several Incumbrances thereupon, and for other Purposes thefeiri mentioned, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Child do early the $ill to the Lords, and acquaint them; that this House hath agreed to the lathe, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill that all Proceedings In Courts of Language of Justice shall be ih thfe Ettglish Language* was read the Proteediaga Third time. inLaw.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Litle be;

An Act, that all Proceedings in Courts of Justice, within that Part of Great Britain called England, shall be in the Ettglish Language.

C rdered, That Sir George Seville do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Orders of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the MaHtifaAote whole House, upon the Bill for further encouraging the Sail-ciotli. Manufacture of British Sail-Cloth.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Glanville took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Glanville reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Fraudsby whole House, to consider further of the Bill for prevent- Bankrupt*, ing Frauds committed by Bankrupts, and by the Executors and Administrators of Traders dying insolvent, and for the Relief of the Creditors of Traders becoming insolvent.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Winningtou took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Winnington reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several A mend-ments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Exportation whole House, to whom the Bill for granting an Allow- of ance upon the Exportation of Gunpowder, was com- Gunpowder, raitted, be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Daniel Puiteney presented to the House, according Coal Trade, to Order, a Bill for rendering more effectual an Act, made in the Third Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled,

"An Act for the better Regulation of the Coal Trade,'* so far as the same relates to the preventing the enhancing the Price of Coals in the River Thames, by the keeping of Turn in delivering of Coals there; and the same was received.

Ordered, That Mr. Daniel Pultsney have Leave to make a Motion, it being pad Four of the Clock.

And he moved the House, that the Bill for rendering more effectual an Act, made in the Third Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for the better Regulation of the Coal Trade," so far as the same relates to the preventing the enhancing the Price of Coals in the River Thames, by the keeping of Turn in delivering of Coals there, be now read the First time.

Ordered, That the Bill be now read the First time.

The Bill was accordingly read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

9 B And

t>uke of Grafton's Justate.

Taylor's, &c<

Estate.

743

26° Apri

A. 1751.

Arid then' the House adjourned till Monday meet this' Afternoon-, at Five of the Clock, in the Morning, Nine of the Clock. Speaker's Chamber.

Lunce, 26° j

Anno 4* Georgii IIdI Regis, 1731.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of an Estate of Charles Duke of in

the County of Surry, and to settle other Lands in lieu - thereof, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed tq Sir Edmund Bacon, of Garboldi/ham, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Earle, Sir Charles Turner, Sir Thomas Hal$s, Mr. Pelham, Mr.

v\lle, Sir Robert Furnefe, Mr. , Mr. Vernon, M[r.-

Burton, Mr. Gregory, Mr. Plumer, Mr.. Mr.

Cary, Mr. Holland, Mr. Mr. Heathcote,

Mr. St. John, Mr. Orlebar, Sir E Mr. Pearfe, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Scrope, Sir Henry Mr.

Reyne/l. Mr. Lawson, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Campbell,

Mr. Tufnell, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Andrews, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Shutt/eworth, Mr.

Clayton, Mr. Daniel Pulteney, Sir Robert Sutton, Lord Vere Beauclerk, Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Rowney, Sir Wm.Yonge, Sir Thomas Saunaerson, Mr.

Torke, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Wynd Mr. Attorney-general, Mr Palmer, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Scawen, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Mr. Bytig, Mr. Mr. Sheppard,

Mr. Walpole, Sir Wm. Stricklan, Mr. , Sir Gilbert Heathcote, Mr. Hughes, Sir John Mr. Lyster,

Sir Robert Monroe, Sir Thomas Sebright, Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Alderman Child, Mr. Digby, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Crowle, Mr. Bladen, Mr. K Lord Limerick, Mr. More, Mr. Baron Birch, Mr. Clark, Mr. Negus, Mr. Gibson, Mr. Annejley, Mr. Pctenger, Sir Roger Meredith, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir Geo. Mr, Compton, Mr.

Oglethorpe, Mr. Harr if on, Mr. Bowles, Mr.

Mr. Wither', and all the Members, that lerve for the Counties of Suffolk, Surry, and; and they are to

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling the Sale of several Lands and Hereditaments, of Thomas Taylor and Maurice Skelton, Esquires, in the County of Suffolk, and for settling other Lands, of as great yearly Value, to the same Uses, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Edmund Bacon, of Garboldisham, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Sandys, Mr.

Plumer, Mr. Bowles, Lord Limerick, Mr. Lyfler, Mr. Cary, Sir Charles Turner, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Glanville, Mr. Walcott, Mr. Reynell, Mr. , Mr.

ston, Mr: Holland, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Heathcote, Mr. St.

John, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Knight, Mr. , Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Negus, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr.

Mr. Low t her. Lord Per civ all. Sir James Mackenzie, Mr. Lawson, Mr. York, Mr. Vincent, Mr. , Mr. Earle, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Alderman , Mr. Daniel

Pulteney, S,r Robert Sutton, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Rowney, Sir Wm.

Sir Thomas Saunderfoii, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Wynaham, Lord

Vere Beauclerk, Mr. Attorney-general, Mr. Palmer, Mr.

Onslow, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Scawen, Mr. Byng, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Towvjkend, Mr. Sheppard, Mr. Walpole, Sir Strickland, Mr. Hucks, Sir Robert Furness, Sir Gilbert Heathcote, Mr. Hughes, Sir John Norris, Mr. Lifter, Sir Robert Monroe, Mr. Pulteney, Sir Thomas Sebright, Mr. Digby, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Crowle, Mr. Andrews, Mr. Wither, Mr. Bladen, Mr. Kelfal, Mr. More, Mr. Baton Birch, Mr. Clarke, Mr. Annejley, Sir Roger Meredith, Mr. Potenger,

Sir Geo.Saville, Mr. Compton, Mr. Oglethorpe, Mr rifon, Mr. Clavcringyand all the Members, that serve

for the Counties of Suffolk and Norfolk: And they are to

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intitbled, An Act HoOtym* for vesting certain Estates of Sir Hoftyns, Ba- £*>te-

ronet, in Trustees, to be sold, for the railing and paying his Brothers and Sitters Portious, now remaining aCharge upon his Estate, together with the Debts and Incuni-brances of his Father, Sir John affecting the fame, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Ongley, Mr. Barnard, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Sandys, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Campbell, Sir Edmund Bacon, Sir John Williams Mr. Daniel Pulteney, Mr. Plumer, Mr.

Crispe, Mr. Oglethorpe, Mr. Reynell, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Winnington, Mr, Lawson, Mr. , Mr. 7owers,

Mf. Thompson, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Trtmayn,

Lord Percivall, Mr., Bladen, Mr. Plumptre, Sir Robert Sutton, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Earle, Sir Thomas Hale', Mr. Conduit, Lord Morpeth, Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Lyster, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Martin, Mr. Walcott, Mr.

Shutt.eworth, Mr. Alderman Child, Sir Charles Turner,

Mr. Burton, Mr. More, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Glanville,

Mr. Crojfe, Mr. Pelb am, Mr. Leigh, Sir Robert Furness, Mr. Gregory, Mr. Vernon, Sir Wm Strickland, Mr.

Grant, Sir Archibald Grant, Mr. Orlebar, Sir Henry Hoghton, Lord Vere Beauclerk, Mr. Knight, Mr.

Mr. Ngies, Sir Roger Meredith, Colonel Norton, Colonel Bladen, Mr. Nelthorpe, Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr,

Clay ring, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Tremayne, Mr. Holland, Mr. Annejley, Mr. Edwards, Mr. Butchet, Mr. Hughes, Mr. Cunningham, Nix. Hylton', and all the Members, that serve for the Counties of Hereford, Salop, and And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to BerbWit the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Knight of the Shire, to serve in this prdent Parliament for the County of Berks, in the room of Robert Packeri Esquire, deceased.

An ingrossed Bill for preventing Frauds in the making Frandih of Starch, and Hair Powder, and the clandestine Impor- ®*i«t tation of foreign Starch, and Hair Powder, was read the Star'h,ic' Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Tide be, An Act to prevent Frauds in the Revenue of Excise, with respect to Starch, Coffee, Tea, and Chocolate.

Ordered That Sir Charles Turner do cafr the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Scrope presented to the House (according to Or- pny.post der) a Bill for obviating a Doubt, which hath afifen, con- aiiowim. cefning the usual Allowance, made upon thS Delivery of Letters, sent by the Peny-post to Places Out Of the Cities of London and Westminster, and Borough of Southwark, and the respective Suburbs thereof; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Charles Turner (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill of for granting an Allowance upon the Exportation of Gun- Gimiimm. powder, was committed, the Amendments, the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had dinrfted him to report to the House: And he read the Report irt his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, wish the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were disagretd with* and the rest, with Amendments of some of them, were agreed un:o by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Hill, That as to Gunpowder,.exported for Africa, and-fbld and delivered-

CslTf

tdxI ! %

l'V-, 6 ,

'ft!

fv,

‘‘I-

ii... /f;

4 Geo. II.

'26* Aprdis.

vered along the Coast, where no'Certificates can be had. Oaths shall be sufficient.

And the said Clause was twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of- the Bill.

74J

insolvent, and for the Relief of the Creditors of Traders,: becoming; insolvent,. . the Amendments, the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had dir&dedt him to report to the House.: And he read the Report irt his Place, and afterwards delivered: the Bill, with the

u.

hr,

4 % 'J

K\ I

Coal Tradf.

And other Amendments were made by the House to Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the Report the Bill, was read; arid several of the Amendments, being read

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be- Second time, were, upon the Question Ihrerally put ingrossed. thereupon; with Amendments of feme of them, agreed

unto by the House.

Ordered, That the further Cott federation- of the said his Majesty's Reign, intituled, Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eleven:

‘of the Clock,

more effectual an Act, made

in

A Bill for renderin: the Third Year o

An Act for the better Regulation of the Coal Trade, so far as the same relates to the preventing the enhancing the Price of Coals in the River Thames, by the keeping Of Turn in delivering of Coals there, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mar nftfl «re of Sail-cloth.

The Order being read, for the House to resolve itself Exportation into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for of Wool, the more effectual preventing the Exportation of Wool from Great Britainxznd of Wool, and Wool manufactured, from Ireland, to foreign Parts, and for taking off the Duties upon Woollen and Bay Yarn, imported from Ireland to England;

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Justices of the Peace, and principal Freeholders, of the East Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read s alleging, that they apprehend, that, if by the Bill, de-

Mr. Glanville (according to Order) reported from the pen(sing in this House, for the more effectual preventing immirffp rif thp* whole Hoofed so whom the Hill fop ft * . r^._x______ t_____x-x*

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for further encouraging the Manufacture of British Sail-cloth, was committed, the Amendments, the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, to oblige the Makers of British Sail-cloth to put therein their Names, and Places of Abode.

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanksj which were filled up.

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message ftom the Lords,

Mr. Light boun:

Mr. Speaker,

by Mr. Holford and the Exportation of Wool, the Duty on the Importation of Irijk Woollen Yam should be taken off, it will be a great Discouragement to the Growth of Wool here, the Kents of Lands will be diminished, Tillage ruined, the Poor increased, the Revenue, particularly the Duty upon Malt, greatly affected, and the Support of the Woollen Manufacture transferred to our Neighbour Nation: And therefore praying, that the House will reject that Part of the Bill, whereby the Duty upon the said Yarn would bq taken off.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, for collecting, and printing, the several penal Clauses in the Acts, now in Force, against the running of Wool, and also the several Clauses, which give any Reward, of Encouragement, for the Discovery of any Wool being run, in order to their being read at the Assizes, Quarter Sessions, and Law Days.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That it bean Inllruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, for the

Encouragement of Coinage.

' Preventing k obbery of ... Bleaching Qrouncit.

Meois'

Estatea.

The Lords have agreed to tlw Bill, intituled, An Act opening some other Ports jn besides those now

; Children of . nar it ru I-I.orn $cbjects«

Frauds by bankrupts.

to continue the Duties for Encouragement of the Coinage of Money, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to prevent the stealing of Linen, Fustian, and Cotton Goods and Wares, from Fields, Grounds, and other Places, used for whitening bleaching, or drying, the fame, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Ideots, and Lunacicks, who are feiled or pof-Lffed df Estates in Fee, or for Lives, or Terms of Years, in Trust, or by way of Mortgage, to make Conveyances, Surrenders, or Assignments, of such Estates, without any Amendment: Ana also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain a Clause in an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reigrt of her late Majesty Queen Anne (for naturalizing foreign Protestants) which relates to the Children of the natural-born Subjects of the Crown of or

of Great Britain, with one Amendment, to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Winning!on (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill

allowed by Law, for the Exportation of Wool and Yarfi from thence to England and Wales;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas.jj^ Ep^‘e\

Tellers for the Noes,} STiOf!?*.

o6.

| Mr, Laroche: j

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Cary took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Cary reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, &nd made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report; when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To^raorrovif Morning.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into Charitable a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Corporation, regulating and restraining the Charitable Corporation,

for preventing Frauds committed by Bankrupts, and by for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with the Executors and Administrators of Traders dying small Sums, upon Pledges; at legal Interest, and for Vo14'21* regulating

744 so* — 17° Apr Ms. 1731.

regulating the lending of Money Upon Pledges, by any other Body politick and corporate, or other Persons, and for preventing Usury and Extortion.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conduit took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conduit reported from the Committee, that they had made some Progress in the Bill; and that the Committee had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, at Eleven of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill; and nothing to intervene.

And then the Hotife adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 27* die;

Anno 4* Georgii IP1 Regis, *731.

Praters,

Pfny.post A BILL for obviating a Doubt, which hath arilen.

Allowance. l\. concerning the usual Allowance, made upon the Delivery of Letters, sent by the Peny-post to Places out of the Cities of London and Westminster, and Borough of Southwark, and the respective Suburbs thereof, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve -itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Exportation An ingrossed Bill for granting an Allowance upon the of Exportation of Gunpowder, was read the Third time.

Gunpowder. Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be.

An Act for granting an Allowance upon the Exportation of British-made Gunpowder.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Turner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Manufacture An ingrossed Bill for further encouraging the Manu-

of Sail-cloth, fasture of British Sail-cloth, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act for further encouraging the Manufacture of British Sail-cloth, by taking off the Duties and Drawbacks therein mentioned, and allowing an additional Bounty on British-vnade Sail-cloth exported, and for (tamping British-vnade Sail-cloth with the Name, and Place of Abode, of the Maker.

Ordered, That Mr. Glanville do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Archbishop Sir William Lowther reported from the Committee, to 0! York's whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Eltaie. Act for making, and rendering effectual, an Exchange of the Estates therein mentioned, in the County of York, between Lancelot, Lord Archbishop of York, and John Aijlabie, Esquire, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill; and the Parties concerned had given their Confcnts to the fame, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the rest of the Amendments, niiadc by the Committee to the said Bill, being several'y read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments of tome of them, agreed unto by the House; and other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Light boun:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Cowtoft-to prevent counterfeiting the Pusses, commonly called Mediterranean Passes, with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act irish for importing from his Majesty's Plantations in America, Pluutia directly into Ireland, Goods, not enumerated in any Act Tn<lt of Parliament, with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Rochcder the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the clefting a Citizen, to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Rochester, in the County of Kent, in the room

of David Polhill, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said City, hath accepted the Office of Clerk or Keeper of the Records in the Tower of London.

Mr. Cary (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the of hvi. more effectual preventing the Exportation cf Wool from Great Britain, and of Wool, and Wool manufactured, from Ireland, to foreign Parts, and for taking off the Duties upon Woollen and Bay Yarn, imported from Ireland to England, was committed, the Amendments, the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment of one of them, agreed unto by the House.

A Ciaui'e was offered, to be added to the Bill, That this Act, and all the Laws in Force, concerning the Exportation of Wool, shall extend to combed Wool, Yam, Worstfed, Cruels, or Wool, which is not so completely manufactured, as to be incapable of being again reduced to, and serviceable as, combed Wool. Yarn, or Worded.

And the said Clause was twice read, with a Blank; which was filled up.

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

And other Amendments were made by the House to ' the Bill.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put,

That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Teller, for the Y } 66'

Teller, for the Noe,] } 44-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Jill!.

CtTflf

k

Frauds by The House (according to Order)resumed the adjourned Bankrupt*. Confederation of the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for preventing Frauds, committed by Bankrupts, and by the Executors and Administrators of Traders dying insolvent, and for the Relief of the Creditors of Traders becoming insolvent, was committed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Lightbjun:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Bsrfrj* naturalizing Erust Bardewitck, to which the Lords desire

the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

22 'An

Inglis'

ElUtc.

Coal Trade.

Berdewieck'*

Nat.

West by's Efiata.

4 Geo. II. 27° — .28°

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting in John Inglis, Executor of George

Clerk, deceased, certain Lands in the County of Southampton, mortgaged in Fee by Charles Bulk ley, Esquire, to the

Testator, inTruft, for the Purposes therein mentioned, was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Mr. Sandy8, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Dr.

Sayer, Mr. Tufnel, Mr. Blunter, Sir William,

Sir Jeremy Sambrooice, Mr. Satnbrooke, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Mr. Cross, Mr. Papillon, Mr. Mr.

Fane, Mr. Laivfon, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Sir Richard Lane, Mr. Huxley, Mr. Mr. Lewis,

Mr. Crowle, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. York, Sir Roger dith, Mr. Oglethorpe, Lord Morpeth, Mr. Vincent, Sir William Tange, Mr. Cholnwndeley, Sir Sir

Edmund Bacon, Mr. Baccn, Sir George Mr.

WortleyMontagu, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Heathcote, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Huclcs, Sir Nathanael Mr. Hales, Mr.

More, Mr. Barrel, Mr. Earle, Sir Mr. Al-

derman Perry, Mr. Lout her, Mr. Wyndham, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Baron Birch, Mr. Thompson, Sir Robert Montoe, Colonel Middleton, Sir Gilbert Heathcole, Mr. Conduit, Lord Malpas, Mr. Alderman Child; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Southampton and Wilts; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe; and all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

The House (according to Order) relblved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for rendering more efltftual an Act, made in the Third Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for the better Regulation of the Coal Trade," so liar as the same relates to the preventing the enhancing the Price of Coals in the River Thames, by the keeping of Turn in delivering of Coals there.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Daniel Pulteney took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Daniel Pulteney reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pleal'e to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 28° die Aprilis;

Anno 40 Georgii 2dl Regis, 1731. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Erujl Bardeuieck, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Shuttleworth reported from the Committee, to

whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for felling Part of the Estate of Robert Esquire, in the County of Lancaster, for railing Money, to discharge several Debts and Incumbrances of his Father and Brother, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the lame, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Vol. 21.

Aprilis. 745

Mr. Fane reported from the Committed, to whom the Flayer'* ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for felling Part of the Estate of Thomas Player, Esquire, for discharging the Debts, Legacies, and incumbrances, therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and the Parties concerned had given their Contents to the fame, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Mr. Alderman Child reported from the Committee, to Hockle'a whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Name, for enabling Godfrey Kneller Huckle, Gentleman, and the Heirs of his Body, to take and ule the Surname of was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

AQ ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Westby's for felling Part of the Estate of Robert Westby, Esquire, Estate-in the County of Lancujler, for railing Mouey to discharge several Debts and Incumbrances of his Father and Brother, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That M r. Shuttleworth do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Daniel Pulteney (according to Order) reported Coal Trade* from the Committee of the whole House, to w hom the Bill for rendering more effectual an Act, made in the Third Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for the " better Regulation of the Coal Trade," so far as the same relates to the preventing the enhancing the Price of Coals in the River Thames, by the keeping of Turn in delivering of Coals there; the Amendments the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, one of them was disagreed with, and the relt were, with an Amendment to one of them, agreed unto by the House; and another Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Player's for felling Part of tie Estate of Thomas Player, Esquire, Estate* for discharging the Debts, Legacies, and Incumbrances, therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bilk do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Hackle'* for enabling Godfrey Kneller Huckle, Gentleman, and Name, the Heirs of his Body, to take and use the Surname of Kneller; was read the Third time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Child do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Monmouth the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for nt‘

9 G the

4'

74<*

28" Aprilis.

.1731.

the etefting a Knight of the Shire, to serve in this present Parliament for the County of ,in the room of

Sir William Morgan, Knight of the most honourable Order of the Bath, deceased.

ArchbUhop An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act RftYorlt'S ^or making, and rendering effectual, an Exchange of 4tt' Estates therein mentioned, in the County of York, between Lancelot, Lord Archbishop of York, and John Esquire; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. William Lowther do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment

Into I'lanta- The House took into Consideration the Amendments, tion Trade, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act fofr importing from his Majesty's Plantations in America, directly into Ireland, Goods, not enumerated in any Act of Parliament.

And the said Amendments were read, and are as followeth; viz.

Press 2. L. 35. Leave out " English," and insert " British."

L. ult. Leave out " English, and iiifert " British."

And the said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Cary do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments, made by their Lordships.

Counterfeit- The House took into Consideration the Amendments, ing Mediter- made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act to pre-raneaaPafle*. yent counterfeiting the Pafles, commonly called Mediterranean Paflfes. 1

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Prels 3. L. 6. Leave out " that Part of."

L. 7. Leave out " called England."

L. 11. Leave out " that Part of."

L. 12. I^eave out " called England."

L. 14. After " Delivery," insert " or before n any Court of Justiciary in Scotland, respectively."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Winnington do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments, made by their Lordships.

Fraud* by An ingrossed Bill for preventing Frauds committed Bankrupts, by Bankrupts, and by the Executors and Administrators of Traders dying insolvent, and for the Relief of the Creditors of Traders becoming insolvent; was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill j

Press. 20. L. 1. To leave out " his."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for preventing Frauds committed by Bankrupts.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Barnard do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Hatfey's, kc. -An ingrossed Bill from the Lord?, intituled, An Act for Ertate. confirming an Agreement for exchanging of Lands, made between Edmund Halsey, Esquire, deceased, and the Patron, and Vicar, of Stoke Eoges, in the County of Bucks; w as read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Colonel Fane do carry the Bill to the ' Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for p.ifcithory exchanging the Parsonage House, and Glebe Lands, in Bifcathorpe, in the County of Lincoln, for other Lands, belonging to the Lord of the Manor, and for giving a Recompence to the Rector, in lieu of his Tythes, to enable the Lord of the Manor to inclose the Common Fields; was read the Third thne.

llefolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Sdo carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the feme, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for the more effectual preventing the fijpomw Exportation of Wool from Great Britain, and of Wool, of*od. and Wool manufactured, from Ireland, to foreign Parts; and for taking off the Duties upon Woollen and Bay Yarn, imported from Ireland into England-, was read the Third time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That the Bill do pass;

The House divided.

The Y eas go forth.

Teller, for lire Yeas, ]1

Tellers for the Noes. [ . } S4.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative: And that the Title be. An Act for the more effectual preventing the Exportation of Wool from Great Britain, and of Wool, and Wool manufactured, from Ireland, to foreign Pails; and for taking off the Duties upon Woollen and Bay Yam, imported from Ireland to England.

Ordered, That Mr. Cary do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, Amddfi to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Frances Arundell, and George Henry Earl of Litchfield, Guardian of Mary Arundell, an Infant, during the Minority of the said Mary Arundell, to grant and fill up Leases of the Estates of the said Frances and Mary Arundell, in the Counties of Cornwall and Dorset, is committed; that they do admit John Knight, Esquire, a Member of this House, to be heard by his Counsel, if he thinks fit, against lbme Parts of the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do at the same time admit Counsel to be heard in favour of such Parts of the said Bill, as shall be objected to by the Counsel for the said Mr. Knight.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Children of Amendment, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain a Clause in an Act, made in the Seventh u J Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, lor naturalizing foreign Protestants, which relates to the Children of natural-born Subjects of the Crown of England, or of Great Britain.

And the said Amendment was once read; and is as follow'eth; viz.

At the End of the Bill add the Proviso.

" Provided always, and be it further enacted by the " Authority aforesaid, that, if any Child, whose Father,

" at the time of the Birth of such Child, w as attainted of " High Treason, as aforesaid, or was liable to the Penalties of High Trealbn, or Felony, in case of returning " into this Kingdom, or Ireland, without Licence, as " aforesaid; or was in the actual Service of any foreign " Prince or State, then in Enmity with the Crown of " England, or of Great Britain, other than, and except-

" ing always out of the Proviso, all Children of such Persons, who went out of Ireland in pursuance of the " Articles of Limerick, hath come into Great Britain, or " Ireland, or any other of the Dominions belonging to " the Crown of Great Britain, and hath continued to " reside within Great Britain, or Ireland, or other the " Dominions aforesaid, for the Space of Two Years, at 3 " any

|Vl

V;

"i 4 Geo. II. 180 — if Aprilis. 747

" any time between the 16th Day of A in the

" Year of our Lord 1708, and the 25th Day of,

" in the Year of our Lord 1731, and, during such Residence, hath professed the Protestant Religion; or if " any Child whose Fatlier, at the time of his or her " Birth, was within any of the Descriptions before mentiotied, hath come into Great Britain, or Ireland, or any " other of the Dominions belonging to the Crown of Great Britain, and professed the Protestant Religion, and died 0 within Great Britain or Ireland, or any other of the " Dominions aforesaid, at any time between the said 1 Cth " Day of November, in the Year of our Lord 1708, and " the said 25th Day of March, in the Year of our Lord " 1731; or if any Child, whole Father, at the lime of his

or her Birth, was within any of the Descriptions before " mentioned, hath been and continued in the actual Polsession, or Receipt, of the Rents and Profits of any ' " Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in Great Britain " or Ireland, for the Space of One whole Year, at any

" time between the said 16th Day of November, in the " Year of our Lord 1708, and the said 25th Day of " March, in the Year of our Lord 1731, or hath bond " Jide, and for good and valuable Consideration. Ibid.

" conveyed, or settled, any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in Great Britain or Ireland, and anyPerIon, claiming Title thereto under such Sale, Conveyance, or Settlement, hath been and continued in the " actual Possession, or Receipt, of the Rents and Profits " thereof for the Space of Six Months, between the said " 1 sith Day of November, in the Year of our Lord 1708,

" and the said 23th Day of March, in tlje Year of our " Lord 1731, every such Child shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken, to be and to have been a naturalborn Subject of the Crown of England, or of the Crown " of Great Britain, to all Intents, ConstruQions, and " Purposes, whatsoever; any thing herein contained to " the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding."

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the further Consideration of the said Amendment be adjourned:

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Te"- the Yea, 41.

TeLera for the No», g£;

So it passed in the Negative.

And the Amendment was afterwards read a Second time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Cary do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

A MeflTage from the Lords, by Mr. Lighthoun and Mr. Allen: ,

Mr. Speaker,

Gravesend The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Church. for rebuilding the Parish Church of Gravesend, in the County of Kent, as one of the Fifty new Churches, <lirested to be built by Two Acts of Parliament, one made in the Ninth, and the other in the Tenth, Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Charitable Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Corporation, at Eleven of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for regulating and restraining the Charitable Corporation, for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, and for regulating the lending of Money upon Pledges by any other Body politick and corporate, or other Persons, and for preventing Usury and Extortion; and nothing to intervene.

Vol. 21,

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- Penny Post ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Allow*nce< upon the Bill for obviating a Doubt, which hath arisen, concerning the usual Allowance, made upon the Delivery of Letters, lent by the Pertny Post to Places out of the Cities of London and Mrefminster, the Borough of wark, and the respective Suburbs thereof.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 2 90 die A;

Anno 4* Georgii 2" Regis, 1731.

Prayers.

MR William Yonge reported from the Committee, to Pott's Eilat* J whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled,.

An Act to enable Re.ymando Putt, Esquire, to make and fill up Leases of the Estate of Sir Thomas Putt, Baronet, deceased, in the Counties of Devon, Dorfit, and Somerset, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the lame, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

The laid Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Sir William Yonge do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this house bath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Burton reported from the Committee, to whom Standees the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Sale of the Estates of Edward Standen, Esquire, deceased, at Arborfeld, and elsewhere, for discharging the Debts of the said Edtcard Standen, and other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill; to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk s Table: Where the Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Prels 3. L. 37, Leave out " of," and insert " and."

And the said Amendment, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

An ingrossed Bill for rendering more effectual an Act, Coal Trade, made in the Third Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for the better Regulation of the Coal " Trade," lb far as the same relates to the preventing the enhancing the Price of Coals in the River by the keeping of Turn in delivering Coals there; was read the Third time.

Rfolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be,

An Act for rendering more effectual an Act, made in the Third Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act " for the better Regulation of the Coal Trade," lb far as the same relates to the preventing the enhancing the Price of Coals In the River Thames, by the keeping of Turn in delivering of Coals there.

Ordered, That Mr. Daniel Pulteney do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act StandenV for the Sale of the Estates of Edward Standen, Esquire, Efta* deceased, at Arborfeld \and elsewhere, for discharging

the

Slaughter

Inclosure.

Chiritable < Corporation.

Penny Port Allowance.

Bager.aiPs

Will*

.748 . *9° — 3° . J. 1751.

the Debts of the said Edward and other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendment, do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Burton do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with an Amendment; to which Amendment this House doth desire their Lordilnps Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for inclosing, dividing, anti exchanging, the Common Fields, and Common Grounds, in the Parishes of Lower Slaughter and Upper Slaughter, in the County of Glou-' cester; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Sandys do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for regulating and rel'training the Charitable Corporation, for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with linall Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, and for regulating the lending of Money upon Pledges, by any other Body politick and corporate, or other Persons, and for preventing Ufuryand F.xtortion.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conduit took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conduit reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon 'day Morning next.

i »>*

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for obviating Doubt which hath' arisen, concerning the ufoal Allowance* made ujion the Delivery of Letters lent by the Penny Post to Places out of the Cities of London and jninfoer, and Borough of Southwark, and the respective Suburbs thereof.

; Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

- Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, .-when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Sir Charles Turner accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments they had made to the said Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grolTed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 30° Apr His;

Anno 40 Georgii 2<l Regis, 1731. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for exemplifying the Will of Nicholas Esquire, and for making the same Evidence in all Courts of Lpv and Equity in Great Britain and Ireland, and l)ominion oil Tales', was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Abraham Elton do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

The Lord Gage reported from the Committee, to whom Arm^ the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Frances Arundell, and the Right honourable

George Henry Earl of Litchfield, Guardian of Mary Arundell, an Infant, during the Minority of the liud Mary Arundell, to grant and fill up Leases of the Estates of the said Frances and Mary Arundell, in the Counties of Cornwall and Dorfot,w as committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were read; and areas followeth; viz.

Prels 3. L. 29. After " natural" insert "Life."

Prefs4. L. 23. After " Lives" insert "and with such " Power to the said Richard , when be llmuld

" become seised of the Freehold of the Preuiifes, thereby " conveyed, by virtue of the Limitations of the said Settlement, to grant the Patronage, and Right of Presentation, of and unto the several Churches therein " before conveyed, or any of them, either in the Eeelimple, or any other Eltiite or Interest."

Prels 7. L. 13. Leave out from " " to "at,"

"in Line 14.

L. J 6. Leave out " they are," and insert " fee

" is."

Press 8. L. 29. After " Litchfield" insert "and ces Arundell."

L. 31. After " Litchfiel" insert "and Frances Arundell."

L. 32. After " Securities" insert " by the " Direction of the said Court of Chancery."

Prels 9. L. 30. Leave out from " reposed" to "and,' in Line 33.

Press 9. L. 35. Leave out " leafing of."

Prels to L. 6. After "Trustees" insert Clause A, which is as followeth:

Clause A. — " Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that nothing in this " Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend,

" to invalidate or prejudice any Grants or Conveyances,

" which may have been made by the said Richard Arundell of the said Act vow Ions, or any of them, to any " Person or Persons whatsoever, pursuant to the Power " in the said recited Deed, of the 2bth Day of January, "1710, or otherwise howsoever; but that all such " Grants and Conveyances, and all Benefit and Advantage thereof, or which shall or may arise therefrom,

" shall remain and be to all and every the Person and " Persons interested therein, in as full Force, to ail Intents and Purposes, as if this Act had never been made,

" any thing hereinbefore, or herein after, contained to x< the contrary thereof in anywil'e notwithstanding."

Press 10, L. 15. After "Ten" insert " other than and " except all l'uch Person and Persons, as have, or llmll " or may have, oi* claim, any Estate, Right, Title, or " Interest, of, in, or to, the said Advowsons, or any of " them."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with an Amendment to Clause A, agreed unto by the House.

An ingrossed Bill for obviating a Doubt which hath PennyPoS arisen, concerning the usual Allowance, made upon the Allow* Delivery of Letters lent by the Penny Polt to Places out

of

Foreign

Troops.

Litchfield

W m.

Charitable

Corporation.

Stealing Lcai fixed to Houses.

1

4 Geo. II. 300 Aprtiis — 1# Mail. 749

of the Cities of London and Wcfminfer, and Borough of Southwark, and the respective Suburbs thereof was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for obviating a Doubt, which hath arisen, concerning the usual Allowance, made upon the Delivery of Letters font by the Penny Post to Places out of the Cities of London and Westminster, and Borough of

and the respefitive Suburbs thereof.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Turner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

an

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That humble Address be preferred to his Meyelty, most humbly deliring his Majesty, that he will be graciously pleated, for the Ease of his Subjects of this Kingdom, to give Orders for discharging the Twelve thousand Men of the Troops of his Highness the Landgrave of Cajfell, who are now in the Pay of his Majesty, as King 6f Great Britain',

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Noes,) f| \ZllJhuT6uShtm\ So it passed in the Negative.

89.

210.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, N ine of the Clock.

Sabb at i, 1° die Maii;

Anno 4° Georgii 2*1 Regis, 1731.

Praters.

011D E11E D, That Mr. Speaker do ilfuc his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Citizen, to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Litchfeld, in the room of Walter tri/nd, Esquire, who, fmee his Elc&ion for the said City, hath accepted the Office of Governor of his Majesty's Island of Barbadoes.

' Mr. Conduit (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the w hole House, to whom the Bill for regulating and restraining the Charitable Corporation, for Relief of indufrrious Poor, by assisting them with linall Sums upon Pledges, at legal Interest, and for regulating the lending of Money upon Pledges by any other Body politick and corporate, or other Persons, and for preventing Ulliry and Extortion, the'Amendments, tilt Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the I Joule: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table} w here the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments of some of them, agreed unto by the Iloule.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, to oblige the Corporation to lend linall Sums on Pledges.

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up.

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

And another Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

Iron Bars, fixed to Houses, or any Fences belonging the reunto; to which the Lords defile the X'oncurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Westbrough-for dividing and inclosing divers Parcels of Com mops and ton Inclosure. Waste Grounds, lying within the Manor of ton, in the Parish of Dovebridge, in the County of with feme Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Fraut1s ia to prevent Frauds in the Revenue of Excile, with respect to Starch, Coffee, Tea, and Chocolate, without any. Amendment: Anti also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act. Bristol to explain and amend an Act, passed hi the Thirteenth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for.

" amending the several Roads leading from the City " Bristol," without any Amendment; And also,'

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Fulham and repairing the Road leading from the Town of Hammer-

in the County of Middlesex, through Fulham Fields, to smith Road‘ die great Road near the Pound at Hammersmith, in the said County, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Worcester for confirming an Agreement, lately entered into between HoP Market* the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens, of the City (of IVoi'cesler, and die Guardians of the Poor of the said City, for continuing the Hop-market of the said City, in the Workhousl there, and for veiling the Right of the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens, of keeping a Hop- market in the said City, in the Guardians of the Poor of the said City, and their Successors", for ever, without any. Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendment, made jhy st*nd«oV this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Sale of Estates. the El'tates of Edward Standen,. Esquire, deceased, at Arborfeld, and elsewhere, for discharging die Debts of the-laid Edward Standen, and other Purpolbs therein mentioned: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Wigan, &c. for making more effectual auACt, passed in die Thirteenth Roacis‘ Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Fiilt, for repairing, widening, and amending, the Roads from Wigan to E ref on, in the County of Lancujler, without any Amendment.'

And dien the Messengers withdrew.

A11 ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Stealing for die more effectual punishing Stealers of Lead, or Iron Lead*&c-Bare, fixed to Houses, or any Fences belonging the re-ynto, was read the Firit time.

llefolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Arundell's enable Frances Anindell, and the Right honourable Estates. George Henry Earl of Litchfield, Guardian of Mary Arunde/l, an Infant, during the Minority of the said Mary Arundel/, to grant and fill up Leases of the Estates of the said Frances ;and Mary Arundell, in the Counties oi Cornwall and Horset, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with* the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That the Lord Gage do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, witii some Amendments; to which Amendments this House doth desire their Lordships Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning,

Nine of the Clock.

A Message from die Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Lighthoun:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the more effectual punishing Stealers of Lead, or Vol. 21. 9D

75 ° i MaiiA 1711.

Luna, 30 die Maii;

Anno 4* Georgii 2" Regis, 1731.

Prayers.

Duke of CIR Edmund Baconof Garboldisham, reported from Grafton'* O the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of an Estate of Charles Duke of Grafton, in the County of Surry, and to settle other Lands in lieu thereof, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerks Table; where the Amendment was read, and is as followeth; viz.

Press 6. L. 5.'Leave out " One," and insert " Three."

The said Amendment, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

And the Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendment, do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Edmund Bacon, of Garboldisham, do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, with an Amendment; to which Amendment this House doth desire their Lordships Concurrence.

Tajtor'j, Sec. Colonel Pelham reported from the Committee, to Estate. whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling the Sale of several Lands and Hereditaments of Thomas Taylor, and Maurice Shelton, Esquires, in the County of Suffolk, and for settling other Lands, of as great yearly Value, to the same Uses, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the fame, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the Bill was read the Third time.

liefolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Colonel Pelham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

IioJkyns' Mr. More reported from the Committee, to whom the

Estate. ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for

vetting certain Estates of Sir Hunger ford Baro-.

net, inTruftces, to be sold, for the raising and paying his Brothers and Sifters Portions, now remaining a Charge upon his Estate, together with the Debts and Incumbrances of his Father, Sir John Hojkyns, affecting the lame, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and h e Parties concerned had given their, Consents to the ame, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him tp report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. More do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Weitbrough- The House proceeded to take into Consideration the tm incioiure. Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing divers Parcels of Commons and Waste Grounds, lying within the Manor of 5

Wcf brought on, in the Parish of Dovcb ridge, in the County of Derby.

And the Amendments were read, and are as followeth, viz.

Profs 7. L. 16. Leave out " w hether any or;" and, in the same Line, after " or," leave out " any and."

The House being moved, that the 4th, 5th, and 6th, Sections of the Act, 2d and 3d Edward 6th, cap. 13. For Payment of Tythes, might be read.

The liunc was read accordingly.

Then the First Amendment being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree With the Lords in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

The Second Amendment being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agrtQ with the Lords in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up Realbns, to be offered to the Lords at a Conference, for disagreeing with their Lordships in the said Amendments.

And it is referred to Mr. Sandys, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. Plutner, Mr. Burton, Mr. Campbell, Mr. More, Mr. Wilmington, Mr. Oglethorpe, Sir Gilbert Mr. Brook/bank, Mr. Earle, Mr. Andrews, Mr. Towers,

Mr. Vernon, Mr. Nicolt, Lord Morpeth, Mr. Hughes, Mr. Secretary Burchett, Sir Robert Sutton, Sir Thomas Saundctfon, Sir Abraham Elton, Sir George Cafwall, Mr. knight, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Mr.

deley, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Gemld, Mr. Plumptre, Mr.

Mr. Lewis, Sir Timms Hales, Mr. Daniel Pultmey,

Mr. Williams, Mr. Lyfier, Sir Edmund Bacon; or any Five of them: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Thomas Bennett and Mr. Burroughs:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing Frauds, committed by Tenants, with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain and amend a Clause in an Act, passed in the Second Year of His Majesty's Reign, for making more effectual several Acts relating to Watermen, Wherrymen, and Lightermen, rowing on the River Thames, so lar as the same relates to Ferry*boats, and flat-bottomed Boats without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting an Allowance upon the Exportation of British-ma.dc Gunpowder, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Amendment, made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of an Estate of Charles Duke of Grafton, in the County of Surry, and to settle other Lands in lieu therof: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Franca Arundelt, and George Henry Earl of Litchfield, Guardian of Mary Arundell, an Infant, during the Minority of the said Mary Arundell, to grant and till up Leases of (he Estates of the said Frances and Mary Arundell, in the Counties of Cornwall and Dorset.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Ernfl Bardewwas read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Winnington, Lord VereBcauclerk, Mr. Heathcote, Mr. deley, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Mr. Mr. Aider-

man Perry, Mr. Brook/bank, Mr. Mr. Andrews,

Mr.

Preventing Frauds ty Tenant!.

Rcgnlzdnf Thames W* term

Erpomria of God* powder.

Dote of Grifton'i Estate.

Arondsirs

Estate.

BardewiecM

Nat.

;n

of

3. p

preventing »raud> by Tenants.

;t-

;] y

jf. Geo. II. 3° — 4

Mr. Towers, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Lord Sir

Archibald Grant, Mr. BurtonMr. Knight, Mr. Baton,

Mr. Crosse, Mr. Bond, Mr. Lo Mr. Mr.

Annesley, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Sir

Williams, Sir Thomas Sanderson, Sir George Sir Robert Austen, Mr. Williams, Mr. Mr.

Harvey, Mr. Vincent, Sir John Cory ton, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Plumptre, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Campbell, Sir

John Eylcs, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Booth, Mr. Tremayne, Major Seluyn, Mr. Gape, Lord Mayor of London, Mr,

Hughes, Sir Gilbert Heath cote, Mn Earle: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House took into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing Frauds, committed by Tenants.

And the Amendments were read; and arc as followed; viz.

Press. i. L. 17. After " Lessors" inlert " or the Person or Persons, to whom the Remainder or Reversion " of such. Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall " belong."

L. 21. After "keep" insert " the Person or " Persons entitled out of."

L. 23. Leave out " and forfeit;" and in the same Line, leave out from " the" to " Person," in the 26th Line; and in that Line, after " Persons,"leave out to " double" in the 29th Line, and insert " so kept out " of Possession, their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, at the Rate of."

L. 33. Leave out " or Trespass."

Press 3. L. 37. Leave out " Three" and instead thereof, inlert " Six."

L. 3S. After " obtained" inlert " and Exc- cution executed."

L. 40. Leave out " landlord or Landlords," and instead thereof, insert " Person or Persons entitled " to the Remainder or Reversion, as aforesaid."

Press 3. L. 11. Leave out from " them" to " And" in the 2 2d Line of the same Press.

At the End of the Bill add Clauses A, and B; which are as followeth; viz.

A. "And whereas many Persons hold confulcrable " Kltates by Ix'ases for Lives, or Years, and lease out " the same in Parcels to several Under-tenants: And " whereas many of those Leases cannot by Law be renewed, without a Surrender of all the Under-leases,

" derived out of the fame; so that it is in the Power of " any such Under-tenants to prevent, or delay the renewing of the princi{>al Lease, by refilling to surrender " their Under-lealcs, notwithstanding the y have covenanted so to do, to the great Prejudice of their immediate Landlords; the F'irft Lefi'ees: For preventing " such Inconveniences, and for making the Renewal of " Leases more cafy for the future, be it enacted by the " Authority aforesaid, that in calc uny Lease shall be ,e duly furrCudered, in order to be renewed, and a new Lease made and executed, by the chief Landlord or " Landlords, the same new Leal'c shall, without a Surrender of all or any the Under-lealcs, be as good and " valid, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all the Underleales, derived thereout, had been likewise lurrendered " at or before the taking of such new Lease; and all and " every Person and Persons, in whom any Estate for Life " or Lives, or for Years, shall from time to time be " vested by virtue of such new Lease, and his, her, and " their Executors and Administrators, ilia.ll be entitled to " the Rents, Covenants and Duties, and have like Remedy for Recovery thereof, and the Under-leffces shall " hold and enjoy the Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, " in the respective Under-leases comprized, as if the original Leases, out of which the rcl'pebHve Under-leases " are derived, had been ltill kept on foot, and continued; " and the chief Landlord and Landlords shall have and Vol. 91.

'Mail. 751

" be entitled to such and the same Remedy, by Distreis,

" or Entry in and upon the Messuages, Lands, Tenemalts, and Hereditaments, comprised in any such " Under-lease, for the Rents and Duties, reserved by " such new Lease, 1b far as the same exceed not the Rents " and Duties, reserved in the Lease, out of which such " Under-lease was derived, as they would have had, in " case such former Lease had been still continued, or as " they would have had, in case the respective Under-leases " had been renewed under such new principal Lease; any " Law, Custom, or Ulag«, to the contrary hereof notwithstanding."

B. " Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend to that Part 0 called

" Scotland."

At the End of the Title add " and for the more ealy " Recovery of Rents, and Renewal of Leases."

The laid Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Earle do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

An ingrossed Bill for regulating and restraining the Charitable Charitable Corporation, for Relief of industrious Poor, Corporation^ by allifting them with linali Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, and for regulating the lending of Money upon Pledges, by any other Body politick and corporate, or other Persons, and for preventing Usury and Extortion; was read the Third time.

And a Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Bill do pals;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, { Mr. LarX:J

Tellers for the Noeo, ( j 34.'

So it was resolved in the Affirmative: And that the Title be, An Act for regulating and restraining the Charitable Corporation, for Relief of industrious Poor, byaffifting them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, and for regulating the lending of Money upon Pledges by any other Body politick and corporate, or other Persons, and for preventing Usury and Extortion.

Ordered That Mr. Laroche do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Stealing the more effectual punishing Stealers of Lead or Iron Bars, Lead, &c, fixed to Houses, or any Fencos belonging the reunto; was ?*edrt0 read a Second time.

And there not being 40 Members present, the House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martisy £ die Maii;

Anno 40 Georgii 2dl Regis, 1731.

Prayers.

/~\RD ERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant Knarelbo- to the Clerk of the CrOwn, to make out a new Writ, rough Writ, for the electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Knaresborough, in the County of York, in the room of the honourable Richard Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Surveyor and Keeper of his Majesty's private Roads and Ways.

The Lord Vere Beauckrk reported from the Com- Bardewieck's mittee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, inti- Nat. tuled, An Act for naturalizing Emft Bardewieck, was

committed;

75*

4° Mail.

A, 1731;

committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be.true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the Bill was read the Third time.

Re/dved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the I-nrd Vere Beauclerk do carry tho Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Westbrough- Mr. Samlys reported from the Committee, to whom it

ton Inclosure. ,vas referred to draw up Reasons, to be offered to the Lords at a Conference, for disagreeing to the Amendments made by their Lordships to the Bill, intituled, An Act for.dividing and inclosing divers Parcels of Commons and Waste Grounds, lying within the Manor of in the

Parish of Dovebridge, in the County of Derby; that they had drawn up Reasons accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the liime in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Report in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read; and the Reasons are as followeth; viz.

Reasons for the Commons disagreeing to the Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing divers Parcels of Commons and Waste Grounds, lying within the Manor of IVcJibroughton, in the Parish of , in

the County of Derby.

The Commons cannot agree to the First Amendment, made by your Lordships, Press 7. Line 16. Leave out whether any or."

lft, Because the Commons conceive it is highly necessary, that the Commissioners, appointed for putting the said Act in Execution, should have Power to examine, whether any Tythe ought to be paid for the Lands intended to be divided and inclosed, pursuant to the said Act:

2d, Because Tythes ought. not to be paid for Lands, or other Hereditaments, which, by the I-aws and Statutes of this Realm, or by any Privilege, or Prescription, are not chargeable therewith, or are dischargeff by any Corppoii-tion real:

3d, Because barren Heath, or waste Ground, other than such, as be discharged 'fr om the Payment of Tythes by Act of Parliament, which have anciently paid no Tythes, by reason of the Barrenness thereof being improved, and converted into arable Ground, of Meadow* ought not to pay Tythe, till after the End of Seven Years next after Rich Improvement.

The Commons cannot agree to the Second Amendment, made by your Lordships, Presa 7. L id. after." or" leave out " any and, "

For the same Reasons, for which they disagree to your Lordships. First Amendment; and because the Second Amendment is infirely dependent on the Fnfrt Amendment, made by your Lordships.

The said Reasons, being severally read a Second;time, were, upon the Question i'everally put thereupon, agreed

unto by the House. - - - -....

Resolved, That a Conference be desired with the Lords upon the Subject-matter of the said Amendments.

Ordered, That Mr. do go to the Lords,

and desire the said Conference.

Resolved, That the ingrpffed Bill fifom the Lords, intituled, An Act for the mofe effectual pqnilfring Stealers of Lead, Qr Iron Bars,.fixed, to Houses, or any Fcnqes belonging the reunto, be committed.

Resolved, That the Bjll be committed to; a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of tfrp -whole Ilqufe, upon the said Bill. '

The House accordingly, refolyqd it(el( ipto a Committee of the Wjhple House, open the ibid, Bill.

Mr. Speaker felt the Chafr.

Conference desired with the Lord}.

Stealing Lead, See. Seed to Houses.

Sir Nathanael Curzon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Nathanael Curzon reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass. v

Ordered, That Mr. Cro/s do carry, the Bill to the Lords,

and acquaint them, that this House, hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

Sir Roger Meredith reported from the Committee, to login' whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting in John Inglis, Executor.of George He-riot, Clerk, deceased, certain Lands in the County of Southampton, mortgaged in Fee by Charles Bulklcy,

Esquire, to the Teltator, in Trust for the Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and the Parties concerned Had given their Consents to the feme, to the $atisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bin to the House, without any Amendment; And he delivered the Bill in at the (Merles Table.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put,

That the Bill he, now read the Third time;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

'Tellers for d* Yeas, { '

f Sir Jeremy Sam-)

Tellers for the Noes, 2brooke, >59.

( Mr. Nieoll: . )

_ So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill be read the Third time Tomorrow, in a full House.

Mr. IVinningtonreported, that lie having (according Confem

to. Order) been at the Lords, to desire a Conference with their Lordships upon the Subject-matter of their Amend-meets to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and in-doling divers Parcel? of Commons and waste Grounds, lying within the Manor oilVe/lbrough in the Parish of Dovebridge, in the County of Derby, the Lords do agree to a Conference, and appoint the fume presently, in the Tainted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Committee, who were appointed to draw up lleafons, to be offered to the Lords at a Confe-reneq, do manage the said Conference.

' Aud the Managers, went to the Conference.

And being returned;

Air. Sandys reported, thal the Managers had lieen at the Conference, and had given the I/wds the Rcalons for difegrecing to the said Amendments; and bad left the Bill and Amendments with their Lordships.

Ordered, That the Clerk of this House do deliver back GuriuNe the Charter' of the Charitable Corporation, for Relief of CorPoriK1 mduftripus Poor, by assisting them with linall Sums upon Pledges, at legal Interest, and the several Licences, granted to the said Corporation from the Crown, and the Dividend Book, and the Books of Orders, of the said Corporation, which have been laid before this House, pursuant to their Orders.

Ordered, That - Mr. Speaker do iflTuc his Warrant to MaltoaW* the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess, to lerve in this present Parliament for the Borough oiMalton, in the County of York, in the room of Wardtll George Wcjlby, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of 011c of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Inf5)

BU

1m

4 Geo. II.

Mercuriiy 50 Mali;

6° Mali.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

Anno 4* Georgii II41 Regis, 1731. Praters.

AMESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Thomas Bennett and Mr. E/de:

Mr. Speaker,

language of The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Pruceeding* that all Proceedings in Courts of Justice, within that Part iu Law. of Great Britain called shall be in the English

Language, with feme Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire thp Concurrence of this Hoofe: And also,

Coal Trade. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for rendering more effectual an Act, made in the Third Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for the better Regulation of the Coal Trade," so far as the same relates to the preventing the enhancing the Price of Coals in the River Thaby the keeping of Turn in delivering of Coals there, without any Amendment: And also,

MamifaAure The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act of Sail-cloth, for further encouraging the Manufacture of Sailcloth, by taking off the Duties and Drawbacks therein mentioned,[and allowing an additional Bounty on made Sail-cloth exported, and for stamping made

Sail-cloth with the Name, and Place of Abode, of the Maker, without any Amendment: And also,

Wenbrou-iiton The Lords do not inftft on the Amendments, made by inclosure. t|)Cir Lordships to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing divers Parcels of Commons and waste Grounds, lying within the Manor of West brought on, in the Pari (h of Dove bridge, in the County of Derby.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That an humble Addrefe be presented-to his Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to give such Orders and In-structions to the several Governors of his Colonies and Plantations in America, as his Majesty shall thmk most proper, to prevent the letting up, or to discourage the Improvement, in any of the said Colonies, of ^Woollen, Linen, Iron, and other Manufactures, which may interfere with, and be prejudicial to, the Manufactures of this Kingdom;

The previous Question was put, That that Question be now put:

And it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Mr.speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing ai Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the District of Burghs of Air, Irvine, Inverary,

arid Campbletoun, in the room of William Esquire,

who, since his Election for the said District of Burghs, hath accepted the Office of'Paymaster of divers annual Bounties and Pensions.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting in John Inglis, Executor of George Heriot, Clerk, deceased, certain Lands in the County of Southampton, mortgaged in Fee, by Charles Bulk ley, Esquire, the Testator, in Trull, for the Purposes therein mentioned, was (according to Order) read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill j viz,

Press 6. L. 14. Leave out " May," and insert " No- vrnber."

language of The House took into Consideration the Amendments, mac^c by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act, that all Proceedings in Courts of Justice, within that Part of Great Britain called England, shall be in the English Language.

And the said Amendments were read, and are as followed); viz.

Press 1. L. 26. Leave out " Two," and, instead thereof, insert Three."

L. 39. After " England" insert " and in the " Court of Exchequer in ."

Press 2. L. 4. Leave out " an ordinary, usual, and, " and insert " such a."

L. 5. Leave out " only," and insert " as the " Acts of Parliament are usually ingrafted in, and the " Lines and Words of the same to be written at lead as " close, as the said Acts usually are."

L. 16. After " Hall" insert " or Court of tt Exchequer in Scotland respectively."

L. 24. Leave out "Two," and insert "Three." L. 39. Leave out from " been" to " And whereas," in the 13th Line of the 3d Press.

In the Title of the Bill, Line the 4th, after " insert " and in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary at War do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments, made by their Lord ships.

State of Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his

American Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to give Di-reclions to the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, to prepare a Representation, to be laid before this House in the next Session of Parliament, of the State of his Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in America, with respect to any Laws made. Manufactures let up, and Trade carried on, there, which may affect the Trade, Navigation, and Manufactures, of this Kingdom.

Vo L. 21;

L. 26. After the Word " Assignees" insert " unless the said Alexander Heriot shew Cause to the contrary, in the high Court of Chancery, before the said " Tenth Day of November."

Preis 6. L. 28. Leave out " May" and insert " November."

L. 39. After " Alexander " insert unless the said Alexander Heriot shew Cause to the contrary, as aforesaid."

The said Amendments were* upon the Question fe-veraliy put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Roger Meredith do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments; to which Amendments this House doth desire their Lordships Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till To-morrotf Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 6° die Maiij

Anno 4* Georgii IP* Regis, 1731.

Pa AY ER3.

MR. Comptroller reported to the House, that their Address, of Yesterday, That his Majesty will be graciously pleased to give Directions to the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, to prepare a Representation; to be laid before this House in the next Session of Parliament, of the State of his Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in America, with respect to any Laws made, Manufactures set up, and Trade carried on, there, which may affeCl the Trade, Navigation, and Manufactures, of this Kingdom, hath been presented to his Majesty; 2nd that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he will give Directions to the Commissioners fbrTrade and

9 E Plantations,

Manufacture* in Ameri&L

Air, Ac. Writ.

Inglis

Estate.

Answer to Addrest

tglis'

Estate.

Admlffions of Attorneys*

Fees taken in Courts of Justice and by Law Officers.

Fees taken in Court of King'sBench.

754

6* — 7f Mail

A. 173c

Plantations, to prepare the Representation, desired by the said Address.

And the Title of the said Lift was read.

That the said Lift be printed with the other Lifts, Accounts, and Tables of Fees, which are ordered A Message from the Lords, by Mr, 'thoma'sBennitt by this House to be printed, and Mr. Alien: The before-mentioned Lifts are bound up with the

Mr. Speaker, other Papers of this Session.

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by

this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting in A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Thrfion and John Inglis, Executor of George Heriot, Clerk, deceased, Mr. Burroughs:

certain Lands in the County of Southampton, mortgaged . in Fee by Charles Bulk ley, Esquire, to the Testator, in Trust, for the Purposes therein mentioned, with Amendments to some of them; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House,

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House took the said Amendments into Considerat ion.

And the same were read, and are followeth; viz.

In the Amendment, Press 6. Line 26. after "

" der Heriot" insert " or his Heirs."

In the Amendment in the same Press, L. 39. after " Alexander Heriot" insert " or his Heirs."

The said Amendments, being levdrally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Sir Roger Meredith do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

Ordered, That the several Lifts, which have been laid before this House, pursuant to their Order.of the Twenty-second Day of February last, of all such Persons, as have been admitted Attorneys or Solicitors in pursuance of the Ait, passed in the Second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for the better Regulation of Attorneys and Solicitors, with the Places of their usual Abode, when and where admitted, and by whom, since the last Lifts, laid before this House, be printed.

Ordered, That the several Lifts, which have been laid before this House, pursuant to their Order, of the Fourth Day of March last, of the several Officers, and their Deputies, with the Lifts, Accounts, and Tables of Fees, claimed by them, be printed.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do appoint the Printing of the said several Lifts, and also the said several Accounts, and Tables of Fees; and that no other Person, but such as he shall appoint, do presume to print the lame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Venerisy 70 Mali;

Georgii IIdi Regis, 1731.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for obviating a Doubt, which hath arisen, concerning the AHont* Usual Allowance, made upon the Delivery of Letters, lent by the Peny-post to Placesout of the Cities of London and Westminster, and Borough of Southwark, and the respect tive Suburbs thereof, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to give Orders, that the pro-per Officers do prepare an Account, to be laid before this House in the next Session of Parliament, of the Value of the Exports and Imports between this Kingdom and his Majesty's Plantations in America, and all foreign Countries, from Christmas 1720, to 1730, distin-

guishing each Year, and each Plantation, or foicign Country;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Teller, for, he Y<as

Tellers for the Noes, ^Mr^f:'*' ] 94-

So it passed in the Negative.

Gw

Mir .-I I Mis,

Anno 4‘

Prayirs.

PHIE House being informed, that 'Timothy Tier ell,

1 one of the und?r Criers of the Court of King's and A°‘Ad"rs' loft* burnt or otherwise destroyed.

_ , _ ° A n A Ar fA AA r» fin nn f ha I in Mac f rxt* M nrnirnft

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electinga Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Great Marlow, in the County of Bucks, in the room of John Glaver'tr.g, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of one of the Grooms of his Majesty's Bedchamber.

A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Charles Dallon, Gentleman-ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend his Majesty immediately in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty in the House of Peers; where his Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several publick and private Bills following viz.

An Act for raising One million Two hundred Thou-sand Pounds by Annuities and a Lottery, in manner therein mentioned; and for appropriating the Supplies, granted in this Session of Parliament; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets,

Bench, attended at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, A Lift of the ancient and Customary Fees, claimed by the under Ulhers, and Criers, of his Majesty's Court of King's Bench, as the same was laid before the Parliament, and the late Lord Chief Justice Holt.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Lift be printed with the other Lifts, Accounts, and Tables of Fees, which are ordered by this House to be printed.

The House being informed, that Mr. Morris, Deputy Marshal of the Court of King's Bench, attended at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, A Lift of Fees, due to, and received at, the King's Bench Court at Westminster, by John Mortis, Deputy Marshal.

And then he withdrew.

An Act to continue the Duties for Encouragement of the Coinage of Money.

An Act to prevent Frauds in the Revenue of Excilc, with respect to Starch, Coffee, Tea, and Chocolate:

An Act to explain a Clause in an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of her late Majslly Queen Anne, for naturalizing foreign Protestants, which relates to the Children of the natural-born Subjects of the Crown of England, or of Great Britain:

An Act for importing from his Majesty's Plantations in America, directly into Irela Goods, not enumerated

in any Act of Parliament:

An Act to prevent counterfeiting the Pafles, commonly Mediterranean Passes;

An Act for rendering more effectual an Act, made in the Third Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of the Coal I rude, to far as the fume relates to the preventing the enhancing the

PlivC

4 Geo. II. 70 Mail753

Price of Coals in the lliter Thames, by the keeping of City of Worcester, and the Guardians 0?" the Poor of the Royal A dent Turn in delivering of Coals there: said City, for continuing the Hop-market of the said City

An Act to prevent the dealing of Linen, Fuftain, and in the Workhouse there, and for vesting the Right of the Cotton, Goods and Wares, from Fields, Grounds* and laid Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens, of keeping a Hop-other Places, used for whitening* bleaching, or drying, market in the said City, in the Guardians of the Poor of the same: the said City, and their Successors, for ever:

An Act for the more effectual punishing Stealers of An Act for Sale of an Edateof Duke of Graf-

Lead, or Iron Bars, fixed to Houses, or any Fences be- ton, in the County of Surrey, and to settle other Lands longing the ieunto: in lieu thereof;

An Act for the more effectual preventing Frauds, com- An Act for enabling the Sale of several Lands and mitted by Tenants, and for the more easy Recovery of Hereditaments of Thomas and Maurice Shelton,

Rents, and Renewal of Leases Esquires, in the County of Suffolk, and for settling other

An Act that all Proceedings in Courts of Justice, with- Lands of as great yearly Value, to the same Uses: in that Part of Great Britain called England, and the An Act for making Divisions, Inclosures, and Allot-Court of Exchequer in Scotland, shall be in the English ments, of the open Corn Fields and Pastures in the

Language: Lordship of in the County of York, and for

An Act for granting an Allowance upon the Exporta- settling and establishing the Payment of a yearly Sum to tion of British-made Gunpowder: the Rector of Catwick aforesaid, and his Successors, in

An Act for further encouraging the Manufacture of lieu of Tythes, pursuant to Agreement between thepre-British Sail-cloth, by taking off the Duties and Drawbacks lent Rector, and Proprietors of the said Lands: therein mentioned, and allowing an additional Bounty on An Act for exchanging the Parsonage House, and British-made Sail-cloth exported, and for damping B>i- Glebe Lands, in ,in the County of Lincoln,

/^-made Sail-cloth with the Name, and Place of Abode, for other Lands, belonging to the Lord of the Manor, of the Maker: and for giving a Recompence to the Rector, in lieu of

An Act to explain and amend a Clause in an Act, his Tythes, to enable the Lord of the Manor to inclose passed in the Second Year of his Majesty's Reign, for the common Fields:

making more effectual several Acts, relating to Water- An Act for inclosing, dividing, and exchanging, the men, Wherrymen, and Lightermen, rowing on the common Fields and common Grounds, in the Parishes of River Thames, so far as the same relates to Ferry-boats, Lotver Slaughter and Upper Slaughter, in the County of

and flat-bottomed Boats: Gloucester;

An Act to enable Ideots, and Lunaticks, who are seised An Act for dividing and inclosing divers Parcels bf or possessed of Estates in Fee, or for Lives, or 'terms of Commons and waste Grounds, lying within the Manor Years, in Trust, or by way of Mortgage, to make of W in the Parish of in the

Conveyances, Surrenders, or Assignments, of such County of

Estates: _ An Act for vesting certain Estates of Sir Hungerford

An Act for obviating a Doubt, which hath arisen, con- Hojkyns Baronet, in Trustees, to be sold, for the railing cerning the usual Allowance, made upon the Delivery of and paying his Brothersand Sifters Portions, now remain-Letters, sent by the Peny-poll to Places out of the ing a Charge upon his Estate, together with the Debts Cities of London and Westminster, and Borough of and Incumbrances of his Father, Sir John Hojkyns,

Southwark, and the respective Suburbs thereof: affecting the same:

An Act for the further continuing the Duties granted An Act for making, and rendering effectual, an Ex-by an Act, passed in the Parliament of Scotland, in the change of Estates therein mentioned, in the County of Year 1695, and continued by an Act, passed in the Year York, between Lancelot, Lord Archbishop of York, and 1707, for paying off the Debts of the Town of Aberdeen, John Esquire:

and for other publick Uses of the said Town: An Act to enable Frances Arundell, and George Henry

An Act for continuing the Duty of Two Penies Scots, Earl of Litchfield, Guardian of Mary Arundell, an Infant, or One-sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, upon evciy Pint during the Minority of the said Mary , to grant

of Ale and Beer, that shall be vended or sold within the and fill up Leases of the Estates of the said Frances Town of Dundee, and Privileges thereof, for paying the and Mary Arundell, in the Counties^ of Cornwall and

publick Debts of the said Town, repairing the Harbour Dorset: there, and for other Purposes therein mentioned: An Act for exemplifying the Will of Henry, late Lord

An Act for repairing, and keeping in Repair, the Pier Herbert, and for making the same Evidence in all Courts and Harbour of Newhaven, in the County of Sussex: of Law and Equity in Great Britain and An Act for repairing, and keeping in Repair, the Pier An Act for exemplifying the Will of and Harbour of I/fordcombe, in the County of Devon: Esquire, and for making the same Evidence in all Courts

An Act for rebuilding the Pavifli Church of Gravesend, of Law and Equity in Great Britain and Ireland, a fid in the County of Kent, as One of the Fifty new Churches, Dominion of Wales:

directed to be built by Two Acts of Parliament, one made An Act for confirming an Agreement for exchanging in the Ninth, and the other in the Tenth, Year of the of Lands, made between Edmund Ha/fey, Esquire, de-Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne: ceased, and the Patron, and Vicar, of Stoke Poges, in the

An Act for repairing the Road leading from Chapptl County of Bucks: on the Heath, in the County of Oxon, to the Quarry An Act for lolling Part of the Estate of above Bottrlon on the Hill, in the County of Gloucester: Esquire, for discharging the Debts, Legacies, and In-

An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the cumbrances, therein mentioned:

Thirteenth Year of his late Maidlv's Reign, intituled, An Act for the Sale of the Estates of Edward Standen,

" An Act for amending the Itveral Roads leading from Esquire, deceased, at Arborfield, and elsewhere, for dil-

" the City of Bristol^ charging the Debts of the said Edward and

An Act for making more effectual an Act, passed in other Purposes therein mentioned: the Thirteenth Y vur of the Reign of his late Majesty An Act for vesting in Trustees the Estate of Lucy

King George the First, for repair.ng, widening, and Bowry, Widow, and her Son, situate in the amending, the Roads from Wigan to Preston, in the Parishes of E.dm<mton and Tottenham, in the County of

County of Lancaster; Middlesex, for the Sale thereof, to discharge the several

An Act for reminng the Road leading from the Town Incumbrances thereupon, and for other Purposes therein of Fulham, in the County of Middlesext through Fulham mentioned:

fields, to the great Road near the Pound ax Hammer- An Act for felling Part of the Estate of Jmish, in the said County: Esquire, in the County of Lancaster, for railing Money

An Act for confirming an Agreement, lately entered to discharge several Debts and Incumbrances of his Father into between the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens, of the and Brother, and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

Vo i. 21. An

7$6 Mail — 270 Julil — — 9 1751.

An Act to enable Putt, Esquire, to make

and fiH up Leases of the Estate, late of Sir <T!tomas Putt* Baronet, deceased, in the Counties of Devon, and

Somn/i t:

An Act for vesting in , Executor of George

Herict, Llerk.deceased-, certain Lunds in the County of Southampton, mortgaged in Fee by Charles Esquire, to the Te fiat or, in Trust, for the Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for enabling Godfrey Kne/ler Huckle,. Gentleman, and the Heirs of his Body, to take and use the Surname oiKneller:

An Act for naturalizing Ernft

Alter which, his Majesty was pleated to make a most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, as fol-Ioweth; viz.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

The King's It is a great Pleasure to me, that, at the Close of this Speech. Session of Parliament, 1 am able to acquaint you, that the Hopes I had conceived, and given you, of seeing very suddenly a happy Period put to the Troubles and Difor-ders, which had been so long apprehended, are no\y by the Treaty, ligned at Vienna, answered and accomplished.

A Project of a Convention betwixt the Emperor and the Maritime Powers, for accommodating the Differences and Disputes, that were fubliffing, having been formed, the Treaty is concluded, and ligned by me, and the Emperor, and is now under the Consideration of the States General, the Forms of that Government not admitting a previous Concert m a Negotiation of this Nature; and, as this Treaty principally regards the Execution of the Treaty of Seville, it is likewise communicated to the Courts of France and Spaas Parties to the Treaty of Sevillej and I have just received Advice, that the Ratifications between me and the Emperor are exchanged.

The Conditions, and Engagements, which I have entered into upon this Occasion, are agreeable to that necessary Concern, which this Nation mull always have for the Security and Preservation of the Balance of Power in Europe-, and, as the uncertain and Violent State of Affairs, to which Europe was reduced, and the Mischiefs of an immediate general War, which began to be thought unavoidable, are now removed, this happy Turn duly improved, with i just Regard to our former Alliances, which it shall be my Care to preserve, gives us a favourable Prufpeft of seeing the publick Tranquillity re-established.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,.

I return you my Thanks for the effectual Supplies, which you have granted me for the Service of the present Year, and for the proper Disposition you have made of the publick Funds, towards lessening and discharging the national Debt. The remarkable Dispatch, and Unanimity, which you have shewn at this critical Conjuncture, has added very much to the Credit and Weight of your Proceedings, and you shall find as great a Readiness on my Part to ealc the Burthens of my People, as soon as the Circumstances and Situation of Affairs will admit of it, as you have shewn to raise the Supplies, necessary for the Service of the Publick.

mon the Benefits of the present happy Establishment;

And let your Good-will to one another be as extenfivf, as my Protection, which all my good and faithful Subjects have an equal Right to, and may equally depend upon.

And afterwards the Lord Chancellor, by his Majesty's Command, said,

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

It is his Majesty's royal Will and Pleasure, that this pufatt* Parliament be prorogued to Tuesday, the Twenty-seventh pnwopd. Day of July next, to be then here held; and this Parliament is accordingly prorogued toTuefday, the Twenty-seventh Day of July next.

Martis, 2 70 die Julii;

Anno 50 Georgii II41 Regis, 1731.

THE House being met, according to the laftProro-

gation; b-tto

A Message was brought from the Lords by Mr. rw'°sl‘ Turner, Deputy Gentleman-usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty's Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers; where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament until Thursday, the Twenty-sixth Day of August next; and the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until ThurJJay, the Twenty-sixth Day of August next.

Jovisy 26° die; Anno 5* Georgii Ildl Regis, 173T.

THE House being met, according to the last Proro- paHlame«

gation j farther

A Message was brought from the Lords by Mr.

Turner, Deputy Gentleman-uftier of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty's Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers; where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament until day, the Ninth Day of November next; and the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until the Ninth

Day of November next.

1 Martis, 90 die Novembris \ Anno 5° Georgii II4' Regis, 1731.

My Lords, and Gentlemen.

I hope, at your Return into the Country, you will find all Aitempts to raise a Spirit of Discontent among my People, by unjust Clamours and Mifreprdentations, vain and ineffectual. All malicious Insinuations, to the Prejudice of my Measures, must lurely vanish, when it shall appear, that my firstand principal Care has been for the Interest and Honour of this Kingdom. Let it be your Endeavour to remove all groundkfs Jealousies and Apprehensions; that the Satisfaction of the Nation may be as genera', as it is my earned; Desire, that their Happiness may be: I.et all my People, let all Orders of Men, enjoy quietly, and unenvied, the Rights, Privileges, and Indulgences, which by Law they are entitled to: Let no Innovations disturb any Part of my Subjects in the Possession of their legal Property: Let all, that are zealous in the Support of me, and my Government, partake id Cornea

THE House being met, according to the lad

Prorogation; further

A Message was brought from the Lords by Sir Ham Sanderson, Deputy Gentleman-ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty's Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers; where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament until day, the Thirteenth Day of January next; and the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until the

Thirteenth Day of January next.

Proclamation for Meeting of Parliament.

Message to attend the4 King.

Members take Oaths.

CUndestine

Outlawries.

The King's Speecti reported.

1

5 Geo. II. I3° Januarii. 757

‘By the K Kc,

A P ROC LAM At I ON.

GEORGE, R.

'la/ WHEREAS our Parliament (lands prorogued to W Tuesday, the Ninth Day of November next; we,

with the Advice of our Privy Council, do hereby publish and declare, that the said Parliament shall be further prorogued, on the said Ninth Day of ,to

day, the Thirteenth Day of January next ensuing; and we have given Order to our Chancellor of Great Britain to prepare a Commission, for proroguing the (lime accordingly; And we do hereby further declare our royal

Will and Pleasure, that tl)4 said Parliament shall, on the said Thirteenth Day of January next, be held, and fit, for the Dispatch of divers weighty and important Affairs; and the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, and the Commissioners for Shires and Burghs, of the House of Commons, are hereby required to give their Attendance accordingly, at Westminster, on the said Thirteenth Day of January next.

Given at our Court at St. Js the Twenty-eighth Day of OSlobfr 1731, in the Fifth Year of our Reign.

GOD save the King*

Jovis, 130 die Januarii;

Anno 50 Georgii II'*1 Regis, 173T.

A MESSAGE from his Majesty, by Sir Charles Dalton, Gentleman-usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend his Majesty immediately in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty:

And being returned;

Several Members, returned upon nets Writs, took the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, pursuant to the Laws made for those Purposes.

A Bill for the more effectual preventing clandestine Outlawries, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Speaker reported, that the House had attended his Majesty in the House of Peers; where his Majesty was pleased to make a most gracious Speech from the Throne to both Houses of Parliament; of which, Mr. Speaker said he had, to prevent Mistakes, obtained a Copy; Which he read to the House, and is as fol-Ioweth;

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

It is a great Pleasure to me, that I am able to acquaint you, that the Expectations, which I have from time to time given you, of seeing the general Tranquillity of Europe, restored, and established, are now fully answered.

The Shaie of Credit and Influence, which the Crown of Great Britain has had in bringing about this difficult and desirable Work, and which redounds so much to the Honour and Interest of this Nation, as it is universally confeifed abroad, wi'l, I am confident, be agreeable to my People, and acknowledged with Gratitude by you.

It is well known, tin;, from the lime of concluding the Quadruple Alliance, the several Courts of Europe have been employed in finding Means to execute, what the principal Powers had agreed to, for the Succession of Tuscany and Parma in (avour of an Infant of Spain; but the various jarring and contending Interests, hard to be reconciled, and united, in effectuating a Point of so much Importance, the extended Views, and Hopes, of obtaining, on every Side, further Advantages, and the natural Jeaioufies and Distrusts, arising among the several Powers concerned, from such opposite Principles and Purposes, had kept in Suspense, and unexecuted, what the Court of Spain had very much at Heart, and occasioned such Troubles and Disturbances, as embarrassed the Affairs of Europe for many Years, and particularly affected the Interests of this Nation.

You have from time to time been informed of the different Measures and Negotiations, that have on all Sides been carrying on, during this long unsettled State of Affairs; and you have enabled me to persevere in maintaining the Rights and Possessions of this Kingdom, and in Preserving the Peace and Balance of Europe.

The preliminary Articles, and the subsequent Transactions thereupon, not answering the Expectations of the Court of Spain, and creating a Coolness and Diflht is faction among the contracting Parties of the First Treaty cf Vienna, laid the Foundation of the Treaty of Seville, and thereby dissolved that Union, which had raised so many Apprehensions, and so long alarmed the World.

The Execution of the Treaty of Seville was the great Difficulty, that (till remained; and this, unfurmouniable as i( was thought, I have, by your Support, and by the Confidence you repoled in me, been able to overcome, by just and honourable Treaties, without coming to Extremities, and without the Hazard and Expence of a general Rupture, or kindling a War in any Part of Europe.

Parma and Placentia are now in the actual Possession of the Infant Don Carlos', the Six thousand Spaniards are quiety admitted, and quartered, in the Duchy of Tuscany to secure, by the express Consent and Agreement of the Great Duke, the Reversion of his Dominions j and a Family Convention is made between the Courts of Spain and Tuscany, for preserving Peace and Friendship between those Two Houses, during the Life of the Great Duke.

Tor perfecting and finishing this tedious Work, conducted through a Series of infinite Changes and Viciffi-tudes, and incumbered with all the different Views of Intervft and Ambition, 1 concluded the late Treaty of Vienna-, wherein I have entered into no Engagements contrary to former Treaties, or tending either to aggrandize, or reduce, the Power or Weight of any Potentate; calculated purely for preserving a due Balance, and to avoid such Confusion, as new Changes and Convulsions, upon future Events, would unavoidably create, and wherein Great Britain Could never stand by, and be an idle Spectator.

When this shall be duly confiJcred, and it shall be seen that the Wounds, which have been long bleeding, are intirely healed, groundless Jealousies will cease, ill Humours will subside, and Peace and good Harmony return together; all Diffidence and Diltruft, the natural Effect of repeated Delays, artfully instilled, and industriously improved, and aggravated, will be removed, and mutual Satisfaction be the Consequence of the punctual and Effectual Performance of all Engagements on our Side; which will ever be remembered with great Regard and Honour to this Crown and Nation, and leave an imlifpenfable Obligation upon those, that are immediately concerned, to make such Returns, as Honour and Justice call for, and demand.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The Estimates, for the Service of the current Year, shall be prepared, and laid before you; which you will observe to be considerably less, than those of former Years. It is a Pleasure to me to give Ease to my Subjects, whenever the Welfare of the publick will admit of it. You have seen the happy Effects of your former Zeal, and Resolution: Success has attended my Measures, and you reap the Fruit of my Endeavours, and your Confidence in me; and it mud be aSatisfaction to you to reflect, that all the Expences, you have lately made, are amply recQmpenled by preventing and avoiding far greater.

Vol. 21: 9F MY

758

130 — 140

A. 1731.

Addrets Oft the Kiag*s Speech.

My Lords, and Gentlemen*

This happy Situation of Affairs, I promise myself, will inspire you ail with such Temper and Unanimity, and such a seasonable Zeal for the publick Good, as becomes a Parliament, sensible of the great Blessings they enjoy. The Duty and the Affections of my Subjects are all the Return I desire for my paternal Love and Concern for them. My Government has no Security, but what is equally conducive to your Happiness, and to the Protection of my People; and your Prosperity has no Foundation, but in the Defence and Support of my Government: Our Safety is mutual, our Interests are inseparable.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, to return his Majesty the Thanks of this House for his most gracious Speech from the Throne; to declare our highest Satisfaction in seeing the general Tranquillity of Europe restored, and established, by his Majesty's Credit and Influence, with so much Glory to the Crown of Great Britain, and Honour to this Nation; to acknowledge, with Gratitude, his Majesty's unwearied Endeavours for the Happiness of his People, and his Goodness in pursuing, with Steadihefs and Constancy, such Measures as best conduced to the preserving the Rights and Possessions of thele Kingdoms; to express our just Sense of his Majesty's great Wisdom, in being able to l'ur-mount the various Difficulties, that so long embarrassed the Affairs of Europe, and particularly affected the Interests of Great Britain, and, by pacifick Measures and Negociations, to bring to a happy Conclusion the several Disputes, that for many Years had been subsisting and depending, and by just and honourable Treaties to settle and re-establish the publick Tranquillity, without the Hazard and Expence of a general Rupture, or kindling a War in any Part of Europe; and to assure his Majesty, that this House, sensible of the happy Effects of the Confidence, so justly reposed in his Majesty, and the Blessings we enjoy under his Government, will with Chearfulness grant the Supplies necessaryfor the Service of the current Year, for the Defence and Support of his Majesty's Government, and for the Security and Protection of his People.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to draw up an Address, to be presented to his Majesty, upon the said Resolution:

And it is referred to Lord Tyrconnel, Mr.

Sir Charles Nicol, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Attorney-general, Mr. Solicitor-general, Mr. Crachrode, Lord Harvey, Mr. A/he, Sir Wm. Yonge, Mr. Dodington, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Conduit, Sir Charles 'Turner, Mr. Burton, Mr.

Townjkend, Mr. Thompson, Mr. St. Quintin, Major Cholmondeley, Sir Tho. Mr. Mr.

Orlebar, Lord Gage, Mr. Hedges, Mr. Cornwallis, Sir Charles Wager, Mr. Pearfe, Mr. Huxley, Mr. Finch, Mr. Scrape -, or any Five of them: And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That his Majesty's most gracious Speech be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new W'rit, for the electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Preston in Ameunderness, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, in the room of Daniel Poulteney, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of New Woodstock, in the County of Oxon, in the room of the Right honourable Wrn. Godolphin, Esquire, commonly called Marquis of Bland ford, deceased.

Aldborough Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Writ. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Aldborough, in the County of Suffolk, in the room of Samuel Lowe, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to cimktaj the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for Wjjt the electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Christ-church, in the County of Southampton, in the room of Charles Wither, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Suffolk the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for Writ, the electing a Knight of the Shire, to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Suffolk, in the room of Sir William Barker, Baronet, deceased.

frtfton

Writ.

New Wood flock Writ.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Plymouth the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for Writ the electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, in the room of the honourable Robert Byng, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of one of the Commissioners of the Navy.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to t«w4 the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for Writ the electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Totness, in the County of Devon, in the room of Exton Sayer, Doctor of Laws, deceased.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 140 die Januarii \

Anno 5* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1731.

Pxaters.

/ORDERED, That the Grand Committee for Religion Gnnd do fit every Tuesday in the Afternoon, in the House. Comaita i

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances do fit every Thursday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts of Justice do fit every Saturday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade do fit every Friday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That a Committee of Privileges and Elec- Cowltw tions be appointed, of Mr. Earle, General Rojfe, Mr.

Townjkend, Major Selwyn, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Alderman Parsons, Mr. Ongle, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr.

dington, Mr. Winnington, General Wade, Mr. Pulteney,

Sir Tho. Frankland, Mr. Wyndham, Mr. Drummond, Mr.

Bacon, Mr. Bootle, Mr. Conduit, Mr. Aunejley, Mr. Shepheard, Mr. Edgcombe, Sir Geo. Oxenden, Mr. Danvers, Mr. Tilfon, Mr. Harrison, Mr. Mr. Phil-

lips, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Secretary at War, Colonel Selwyn, Colonel Pulteney, Mr. Herbert, Mr. , Sir George Cafivall, Lord Mayor of London, Sir John Norris,

Mr. Foley, Mr. Potenger, Mr. Thompson, Sir Orlando Bridgman, Sir Archer Croft, Sir Geo. Mr. Baron

Birch, Sir Richard Lane, Mr. Hucks, Mr. Burrell, Sir Wilfrid Lawson, Mr. Lawson, Mr. Sir

Charles Turner, Mr. Walpole, Colonel Bladen, Mr. Andrews, Mr. Rawlinson Earle, Mr. Taylor, Mr. Polhill,

Lord Harvey, Mr. Edwards, Sir John Barrington, Mr.

Gybbon, Mr. Norris, Mr. Plummer, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Lord VereBeauclerk, Major Compton, Mr. Balhurji, Mr. CeJ'ar, Colonel Lord Limerick,

Mr. Winford, Mr. Harley, Mr. Ingram, Mr. King, Mr.

Fane, Mr. Lyjler, Lord Noel Somerset, Sir Tho. Sana-derson, Mr. Vyner, Lord Walden, Colonel Berkley, Colonel Mordaunt, Mr. Gregory, Colonel Negus, Mr.

Mr. Morgan, Mr. Smelt, Mr. Owen, Mr. Rutherford,

Mr. Rol/e, Mr. Chetwynd, S\r W Mr. Attorney-

general, Mr. Solicitor-general, Mr. Byng, Mr.

Mr. Watkyn Williams Wynne, Sir Edward Stanley, Mr.

Howe, Mr. A/ling ton. Lord Morpeth, Sir Tho. Lee,

Mr. Bromley Mr. Perrot, Sir Wm. Stapleton, Sir John Hind Cotton, Mr. Rowney, Sir John

Wyndham,

tl3J

Oiit;

G°°gl(

Usual

Orders,

5 Geo. II.

140 Janu

7&

hath given false Evidence in any same before this House; or any Committee thereof, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Wyndham, Sir Archibald Grant, Mr. Packer, Sir John

Williams, Sir Richard Gro/uenor, Lord Tyrconnel, Mr.

Heathcote, Sir Charles Hoiham, Lord Nassau Poivlet,

Mr. Longueville, Sir JuJHttian Ifkam, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Verney, Mr. Orlebar, Mr. Laroche, , Resolved, That it is an high Infringement of the Liber-

Mr. Wortley, Mr. Digby, Mr. Inwen, Mr. Levejon Gower, ties and Privileges of the Commons of Great Britain, for Mr. Branflon, Mr. Cor new all, Mr. Bevan, Mr. Walcott, any Lord of Parliament, of any Lord Lieutenant oi any

Sir 57/0. Aston, Colonel Onslow, Mr. Lacon Childe Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Guidott, Mr. Pigott, Sir John Jennings, Master of the Rolls, Mr. Booth, Mr, Mr.

Hamilton, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Waller, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Scawcn, Mr. Bond, Sir Tho. Clarke, Sir Richard , l<ord James Cavendish, Mr. Bowles, Lord Colerain, Sir

George Downing, Lord Gage, Mr. Bold, Mr. Devereux, Lord Carnarvon, Lord Vane, Mr. Mr. Clut-

ter buck, Sir Tho. Read, Mr. Cox, Mr. Duncan Forbes,

County, to concern themselves in the Elections Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament.

of

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms* attending this House, do, from time to time, take into his Custody any Stranger or Strangers, that he shall see, or be informed of to be, in the House, or Gallery, while the House, or any Committee of the whole House, is fitting; and that no Person, so taken into Custody, be discharged out of

Mr. More, Mr. Myddleton, Lord Lyon, Mr. Oglethorpe, Custody, without the special Order of the House.

Mr. Lloyd, Mr. St. John, Mr. Crosse, Mr. Fox, Sir Charles Nicol, Mr. Finch, Mr. Hope, Mr. Parsons, Sir Joseph Eyles, Sir John Eyles, Sir Walter Bagot, Mr. Hedges, Sir Robert Furness'e, Mr. Papillon, Mr. Kelfal, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Rudge, Mr. Holland, Sir Abraham Elton, Sir Wm. Milner, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Newland, Mr. Master, Sir Robert Byng, Mr. Wingford, Mr. Wardour. Sir Thomas Clark, Mr. Furnesse, Mr. John Chetwynd, Mr. Walter Plumer, Mr. Sambroke, Mr. Mr.

Cornwall, Sir Wm. Wentworth, Mr. Tower, Lord Alalpas, Mr. Richard Plummer, Mr. Cholmley Turner: And they are to meet upon Monday Fortnight, at Five of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber; and to fit every Wednesday, Friday, and Monday, in the After-

noon; and all that come are to have Voices: And they are to take into Consideration all such Matters, as shall or may come in Question, touching Returns, Elections, and Privileges; and to proceed upon double Returns in the First place; and to report their Proceed-

Ordered, That the Back-door of the Speaker's Chamber be locked up every Morning, at the fitting of the House, and the Key delivered to the Clerk, to be locked up by him; and that he do not presume to deliver the same to any Person whatsoever, without Order of the House; and that the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, do take care to clear the Speaker's Chamber every Day, before the Door is locked up.

Ordered, That no Member of this House do prelume to bring any Stranger or Strangers into the House, or Gallery thereof, while the House is fitting.

Ordered, That the Constable9, and other Officers, of Middlesex and , do take care, that, from Ten

of the Clock in the Morning to Four in the Afternoon, during this Session of Parliament, the Passages through the Streets between Temple-Bur and Westminster-hall shall be kept free and open; and that no Obstruction bp e made by Cars, Drays, Carts, or otherwise, to hinder the ings, with their Opinions thereupon, to the House, from Pafl* of ,he to and from this House; and

time to time: And all Persons, that will question any tL_t tue Cg-iga, at Arms, attending: this House. do

Returns, are to do it within Fourteen Days next, and lo within Fourteen Days next after any new Return shall be broughr in: And the Committee are to have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, for their Information: And all Members, who are returned for Two or more Places, are to make their Election by this Day Three Weeks, for which of the Places they will serve, provided there be no Question upon the Return for that Place: And if any thing shall come in Question, touching the Return, Election, or Matter of Privilege, of any Member, he is to withdraw, during the Time the Matter is in Debate; and that all Members, returned upon double Returns, do withdraw, till their Returns are determined.

Resolved, That no Peer of this Realm hath any Right to give his Vote in the Election of any Member to serve in Parliament*

Resolved, That, where the House shall judge any Petition, touching E'edions, to be frivolous and vexatious, the House will order Satisfaction to be made to the Person petitioned against.

that the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, do give Notice of this Order to the Officers aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Constables in Waiting do take care, that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in W^ft-minster-hall, or the Passages leading to the House, during the fitting of Parliament; and that there be no Annoyance by Chairmen, Footmen, or otherwise, therein, or thereabouts.

Ordered, That the said Orders be fertt to the High Bailiff of Westminster; and that he do fee the same put in Execution.

Ordered, That no Footmen be permitted to be within the Lobby of the House, or upon the Stairs leading thereto.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take care, that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in the Room appointed for the Footmen# attending the Members of this House, to wait in.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take into his Custody such Footmen, as shall prelume to disobey the Orders of the House; and that no such Footmen be discharged out of Custody, but by the special Order of the House.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear, that any Person hath procured himself to be eieded, or returned, a Member of this House, or endeavoured so to be, by Bribery, or any other corrupt Practices, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Person.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear, that any Person hath been tampering with any Witness, in respect of his Evidence, to be given to this House, or any Committee thereof, or directly or indirectly hath endeavoured to deter or hinder any Person from appearing, or giving Evidence, the same is declared to be a high Crime and Misdemeanor, and this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear, that any Person Vot. 31.

Ordered, That, to prevent the intercepting or losing of Letters directed to Members of this House, the Person appointed to bring Letters from the General Port Office to this House, or some other Person to be appointed by the Postmaster-general, do for the future, every Day during the Session of Parliament, Sundays excepted, constantly attend from Ten of the Clock in the Morning till One in the Afternoon, and for Two Hours at the least immediately after the Rising of the House, and also on every Friday, Monday, and Wednesday, from Five of the Clock in the Afternoon till Seven, at the Place appointed for the Delivery of the said Letters, and take care, during his Stay there, to deliver the same to the several Members, to whom they shall be directed, or to their known Servant or Servants, or others, bringing Notes

under

j6o

14° — 15° Januarii.

A. 1751.

under the Hands of the Members, fending for the fame.

Ordered \That the ftTcj Officer do, upon his going away, lock up such Letters, as shall remain undelivered; and that no Letter be delivered, but within the Hours aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the Post-master-general.

Ordered, That, when any Letter, or Paquet, directed to this House, shall come to Mr. Speaker, he do open the fame, and acquaint the House, at their next Sitting, with the Contents thereof, if proper to be communicated to this House.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from time to time, when the House is going to Prayers, give Notice thereof to all Committees; and that all Proceedings of Committees in a Morning, after such Notice, be declared to be null and void.

Vote* to be Ordered, That the Votes of this House be printed, be-printed. jDg peruse(j by Mr. Speaker; and that he do appoint the Printing thereof; and that no other Person, but such as he shall appoint, do presume to print the lame.

Private Bills. Resolved, That this House will receive no Petition for private Bills after the Second Day of March next.

And we humbly assureyour Majesty, that, having the truest Sense of the many Blessings we have enjoyed, during the Course of your Majesty's Reign, and bow much our present Happiness is owing to your paternal Love and Care for your People, we will, with the greatest. Chearfulness, grant the necessary Supplies for the current Service of the Year; and your Majesty will always find such Returns of Duty and Gratitude from us, as the belt of Kings may expect from the most loyal Subjects, fully convinced, that the only End of your Majesty's auspici-ous Government is the Protection and Prosperity of your People.

The said Address, being read a Second time, was. upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the said Address be pretented to his Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House, as are of his Majesty's most honourable Privy Council, do humbly know his Majesty's Pleasure, when he will be attended by this House.

I w011

if*

K

So??1

Call of the House.

Add ref* on the King'* Speech.

Ordered, That this House be called over upon ‘Tuesday, the 25th Day of this instant January.

Ordered, That such Members, as shall not then attend, be sent for in Cultodyof the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

The Lord T yrconnelreported from the Committee appointed Yesterday to draw up an Address, to be presented to his Majesty, that the Committee had drawn up an Address accordingly, which they had directed hitzi to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as follows;

Most gracious Sovereign,

We, your Majesty's most loyal and dutiful Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, beg Leave to return your Majesty our most humble Thanks for your most gracious Speech from the Throne.

It is the highest Satisfaction to your faithful Commons, to see the general Tranquillity of Europe restored, and re-established, by your Majesty's Credit and Influence; which reflects the greatest Glory to the Crown, and, of consequence, to the Nation, the Honour

and interest of which are always mutual and inseparable.

We are fully persuaded, that the Treaties, your Majesty has entered into, were made with no other View, than to preserve the Balance of Power in , and

fee. re the Possessions of the Crown of Great Britain, and all the Rights and Privileges we are entitled to; and we acknowledge, with Gratitude, your Majesty's Wisdom and Goodntfs, in procuring for us all theie Advantages, without the Expence and Hazards of a War.

We are very sensible of the many Difficulties, your Majesty laboured under in bringing this great and glorious Works to so happy a Conclusion. The many Obstacles, anting from various Pretensions and Jealouties, during the Course of these Transactions, unsurmountable as they have been thought, are by your Majesty's Steadi-ness and Prudence intirely removed; and, at a time, when a War seemed unavoidable, the Settlement of the Succession of Don Carlos to the States of and

Parma has been peaceably accomplished, and the general Tranquillity of Europepreserved, by the Weight and Credit or your Majesty's Negotiations.

Thus has your Majesty extricated, not only this Nation, but all Europe, out of the uncertain State, wc for many Years laboured under, and that by Means most honourable to your Majesty, confident with all former Engagements, and without the least Injury to any Prince or Power in Europe,

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, TV fop I take into Consideration his Majesty's most gracious. SpeeclmVrI Speech to both Houses of Parliament. '

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbatiy 150 die Januarii;

Anno 50 Georgii IV1' Regis, 1731. Prayers.

That the Reverend

DoClor Akrei Dr-Cl»k»J

preach a

ORDERED

Clarke be desired to preach before this House at Si. Margaret's, Westminster, upon Monday the Thirty-first 3'

Day of this instant January, and that Mr. Conduit, Mr. Clayton, and Sir John Cope, do acquaint him therewith.

Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, that his The Ki*; Majesty, having been waited upon, pursuant to the Order sI

of Yesterday, humbly to know, when he would be "e8Unii' pleased to be attended by this House, had been pleased to appoint this Afternoon, at Two of the Clock, at his Place of St. James.

CM

Ufa

Ordered, That the proper Officers do lay before this House, an Account of what Arrears of Land Taxes were {landing out at Chrifimaslaft, with the Names of the respective Receivers, in whole Hands the said Arrears remained, distinguishing each Year, and what Proceedings have been had, to compel the Payment thereof.

Ordered, That the proper Officers do lay before this House, an Account of what Arrears of the Duties upon Houses were Handing out at Christmas last, with the Names of the respective Receivers, in whose Hands the said Arrears remained, distinguishing each Year, and what Proceedings have been had, to compel the Payment thereof.

Lind Tn L

and Hei I ;r‘ Di'tii I Arrcaxs.

N'araJV I

Tices.

Jwf cf I A Jfifrht

Ordered, That the Treasurer of the Nary do lay before this House, an Account of what Money has been ordered by the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, and received by him, for any Services of the Navy, from the 3) ft of "December 1730, to the 31 ft of December 1731, distinguishing the Times when the same was received, and the Services to which it was applied.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty that he will be graciously pleased to give Di-redtions to the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, to lay before this House, the Ro prefen tat ion of the State of his Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in America, with respect to any Laws made, Manufactures set up, and Trade carried on there, which may affect the Trade, Navigation, and Manufactures, of this Kingdom, prepared in pursuance of an Address of this House to his Majesty last Session of Parliament.

I (j Ordered,

Gooq[<

ft

5 Geo. II.

150 — 170 Jannarii.

7 fit

Exports and Imports to

Ordered, That the said Addrets be presented to his the said Charter, to the Hazard of Ships, with their Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Cargoes, as well as the Lives of Men, to the Obstrufition Majesty's most honourable Privy Council. of the Channels, and the Prejudice of lawful and licensed

Pilots: And complaining, that, though the Petitioners, Ordered, That the proper Officers do lay before this and their Predecessors, have, by virtue of the Powers in House, an Account of the Value of the Exports and Im- them veiled, as aforesaid, made Orders, from time to 'America,&c. ports between this Kingdom and his Majesty's Plantations time, for the better Regulation and Government of such in America, and all foreign Countries, from Christm Pilots, and also to oblige the Mailers of Ships, who lie 1720, to Christmas 1731, distinguishing each Year, and in the River, to keep their Guns Ihotted, and not to fire each Plantation, or foreign Country. Guns in the Night-time, or keep Powder on board, and also against Bum-boats felling of Fruit, Wine, strong The House (according to Order) proceeded to take Waters, upon the River Thames, and also to prevent into Consideration his Majesty's most gracious Speech to the heating of any Manner of Pitch, Tar, Rosin, Grease, both Houses of Parliament. Tallow, Oil, or the like combustible Matters, on board

And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker. Ships, lying in the said River; yet, that the Powers,

And a Motion being made. That a Supply be granted granted to the Petitioners by the said Charter, have been to his Majesty; found insufficient: And therefore praying, that Leave

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- may be given to bring in a Bill for confirming the said ir.g next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Powers, and granting such further Powers to the Petiti-House, to consider of that Motion. oners, for restrainir.g unlicensed Pilots, and for the better

Ordered, That his Majesty's most gracious Speech to Regulation and Government of those, who are, or Ihatl both Houses of Parliament be referred to the said Com- be, licensed, and for their paying the usual and accus-mitfee. tomed Dues, and for preventing the Dangers, Abuses,

and Annoyances, upon the River, before mentioned, in Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, such manner, as to the House shall seem meet, without fbewing, how the Money, given for the Service of the interfering with, or infringing, any Right, granted to Year 1731, hath been disposed of, distinguished under the Pilots of the several Heads. Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Consideration of a Committee; and that they do exa-And then the House adjourned till Monday mine the Matter thereof, and report the lame, with their

The King's Speech considered.

Supply.

jCi

k.

Disposition of Graoti.

Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Lunce, 17° d Januarii;

Anno 5* Georgii IId; Regis, 1731.

Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Charles Sir Norris,

Mr. Wimirrgton, Sir Charles Turner, Sir Roger Bradshaigh,

Lord Mickle! hwait. Sir James Campbell, Mr. Clutter buck, Mr. P/umvtre, Mr. Burrell, Sir IViilis, Colonel

Colonel Read, Mr. Burton, Mr. , Mr. Hucks,

Mr. Bertie, Sir Orl. Bridgman, Lord Percival, Mr. Thomffon, of York, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Brooksbank, Mr. Ailington, Mr. Campbell, Sir IVm. and

all the Merchants of the House; and all the Members,

Piatesi.

Clerk's 71 if R.Speaker acquainted the House that Mr.

Afilbt. J.V1 Aijhew, the Clerk's Assistant, being at present so

indisposed with the Gout, as not to be able to attend, that serve for the Sea-ports: And they are to meet this the Clerk therefore desires, that Mr. William Hester may Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's be admitted to assist him, during Mr. Aijkew's Indifpo- Chamber; and they have Power to lend for Persons, fition. Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Mr. William Hefier be admitted to assist the Clerk of this Hou'e, during the present, or any A Petitioftof LeonardLoekman, Esquire, was pre/ented Lockm*n'» future, indifpofltion of Mr. Aijkew in this Selflon of to the House.and read; letting forth, that the Petitioner Nat. Parliament. was bofq out of his Majesty's Allegiance; but hath

' - ' always professed the Protestant Religion, and has given

R epilation A Petition of the Mailer, Wardens, and ASiftanfs, of Testimony of his Loyalty to his Majesty: And

of Pilots, 4c. the Guild, Fraternity, or Brotherhood, of the most gio- graying, that Leave, may be yen to bring in a Bill for rious and undivided Trinity and of St. Clement, in the his Naturalization.

Parish of Deptford Strond,' in the County of Kent, was Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, presented to the House, andfead; alleging, that the according to the Prayer of the said; and that

Mr. Thompson, of York and Sir William Wentworth, do prepare, a bring in, the fame.

Petitioners, and their Predecefloand have,

for upwards of Two hundred Years la ft past, a Corporation, enjoying sundry Grants and Liberties, confirmed by a Charter, dated 8th Day of fitly, in the Year of King

Milan's,

Nat.

A Petition of Thomas Malan and Joseph Molan was James the Second, and, particularly, a Power to examine, presented to the House, and read; forth, that the

and appoint. Pilots, and to make necessary Ordffs and Petitioners were born out of his

ConRitutions, for the Government, Maintenance, and but have always professed the ProteRant Religion, and Increase, of Navigation, and for the Relief of poor Ma- given good Testimony of their Loyalty to his Majesty: riners, their Widows and Children: That, in pursuance And praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a of such Powers, and by ancient Usage, the Petitioners Bill for their Naturalization.

have from time to time examined, and appointed, a Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, competent Number of Pilots, to conduct his Majesty's according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Navy royal, and other Ships, down the River of Thames, Mr. John Hamilton and Mr. Burton do prepare, and and the North Channel, to Or/ordness, and round the bring in, the fame.

Long Sand-head into the Downs, as also down the South Channel into the Downs, and from Or/ordness up the A Petition of Agnes Cou/fmaker was presented to the North Channel, and the River of Thames, and within the House, and read; letting forth, that the Petitioner was Nat. River Medway, and that they, being able and experienced born out of his Allegiance; but hath always

Pilots, and duly qualified, ought only to be trusted with professed the Protestant Religion, and has given good the piloting all such Ships: That sundry Persons have Testimony of her Loyalty to his Majesty And praying, taken upon themselves to pilot Ships into, and out of, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for her

the said River of Thames, without being examined, or Naturalization.

licensed thereto, notwithstanding the Penalty inflicted by

Yol.SI. 5 Ordered,

Answer to Addrefc

Supply;

Lockmau's

Nat.

Supply.

Navy and Army Emanates, &c.

7 62 170 — 18® — 19 0 Ja 17J1.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, Ordered, That a State of the Debt of his Majesty's according to the Prayer of the said Petition j and that Navy, as it stood at Christmas last, be laid before mu Mr. Vincent and Sir Charles Nicoll do prepare, and bring House.

in. the fame. Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House,

Mr. Speaker reported, that the House attended his Majesty on Saturday last with their Address; to which his Majesty was pleased to give this most gracious Answer; viz.

Gentlemen,

I return you my Thanks for this dutiful and loyal Address.

I make no Doubt of the Continuance of your Duty, Afledtion, and Confidence in me; and you will always find, that all my Views tend to the Honour, Interest, and Security, of my Crown, and People.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion, made on Saturday last. That a Supply be granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 18° die Januarii;

Anno 5* Georgii IIJi Regis, 1731. Prayers.

MR. Thompson, of York, presented to the House (according to Order) a Bill to naturalize Leonard Lockmatt, Esquire; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

{hewing the Moneys, arisen within the respective half I Years, ending at Lady-day and Michaelmas last pad, as I

well of or for the Excel's or Surplus of the Fund, com- 1

monly called the Aggregate Fund, as of or for the Ex- I

ccfs or Surplus of the Fund, commonly called the South I

Sea Fund, as also of or for the Excess or Surplus of the I

Fund, commonly called the General Fund. I

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, that he will be graciously pleated to give I Direction to the proper Officers, to lay before this House 1 the said Estimates, Lift, State, and Accounts. I

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his I

Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his I

Majesty's most honourable Privy Council. I

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this GrKwdl House, an Account, how the Money, granted last Session I of Parliament for Greenwich Hospital, has been dif- 1 posed of I

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this I

House, a State of the yearly Revenue and Expence of I

Greenwich Hospital. I

Ordered, That the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital do I

lay before this House, an Account of what Money has I been received by him on account of the said Hospital, I

from Christmas 1730, to Christmas 1731, and how the I

fame has been applied. I

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this I House, an Account of the Number of Seamen, employed in the Service of the royal Navy, from the 31st of D<-cember 1730, to the 31st of December 1731, upon a Medium of each Month, distinguishing, what Number were borne, and what mustered, in the said Service.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Suppl/, next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Moming, Nine of the Clock.

Sir Charles Turner (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Motion, for a Supply to be granted to his Majesty, the Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House: And read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, nemine contradicente. That the House doth

agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Ordinary of the Navy, for the Year 1732, with the Half-pay of the Officers of the Navy and Marines, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge for Guards, Garrisons, and Land Forces, for the Year 1732, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, for the Year 1732, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That a List of the Regimental and Warrant Officers, who are to be in Half-pay for the Year 1732, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account of the Services incurred, and not provided for by Parliament, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate be laid before this House, of the Charge of the Out-pensioners of Hospital*

for the Year 1732.

Mercuriiy 19* die;

Anno 5* Georgii II41 Regis, 1731.

Prayers.

'T EQ N A RD Lockmatt, Esquire, took the Oaths appointed, in order to his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Gnapowl Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the *" electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Grampotmd, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of Humphry Morice, Esquire, deceased.

Mr. Vincent presented to the House (according to Conflmikt Order) a Bill to naturalize Agnes; and the fame was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. John Hamilton presented to the House (according to Order) a Bill to naturalize Thomas and Jifoh

Malan; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Lord Tyr have Leave to go u«of into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary AW«t Occasions.

Ordered, That the Lord Archibald Hamilton, the Lord Fere Beauclerk, Sir Thomas Frank/and, Sir Thomas

teltont. Captain Vernon, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Whitworth,

Mr. Fox, Sir Charles Niccol, and Mr. be added

to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mailer,

Wardens,

MakA

U

Regulaw

of Pika kc.

ifc;

hi

'k

k:'.

k;

ft:

2i;i:

L

5 Geo. II. 19* — 210 Jamariu

Wardens, and Assistants, of the Guild, Fraternity, or Brotherhood, of the raoft glorious and undivided,

and of St. Clement, in the Parish of Deptford Stroud, in the County of Kent, is referred.

A Petition of the lice fifed Pilots of the of

Deptford Strond, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and other licensed Pilots thereto belonging, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, that no Person or Persons whatsoever can or ought to have the Pilotage, or Load-manage, of any Ships or Vessels whatsoever, for bringing them in, or carrying them forth, of the River Thames, or any other Creek, belonging to, and running into, the fame, except such Person or Persons shall be thereunto first appointed and examined, pursuant to the Directions of a Charter of Confirmation, granted by his late Majesty King the Second, whereby a Society of Shipmenand Mariners were incorporated, by the Stile and Title of the Guild, Fraternity, or Brotherhood, of the most glorious and undivided Trinity, &c. And complaining of the Neglect of regular Examinations, of the Admission of ignorant and unqualified Pilots, of Foreigners piloting their own Ships both up and down the said River, and of several other Abuses of the Powers, granted by the said Charter: And therefore praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, on the Foundation of an Act, made in the Third Year of his late Majesty s Reign, for preventing unqualified Persons from ailing as Pilots for the future and for establishing a certain Number of licensed Pilots, of the Trinity-house , for preventing Foreigners from piloting their own Ships and Vessels, and obliging them to take, and pay. Pilots of this Nation; and for settling the Application of the Revenues of the said House for the Purposes, dire<fled by their several Charters; or that the Petitioners may be otherwise relieved, as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the

Regulation of Pilots, kc.

Mailer, Wardens* and Assistants, of the Guild, Fraternity, or Brotherhood, of the most glorious and undivided Trinity, and of St. Clement, in the Parish of Deptford Strond, in the County of Kent, is referred.

And then the House adjourned till Friday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 210 die Januarii\

Anno 5* Georgii II^ ttegis, 1731.

Prayers.

A GNES Couffmaker, Thomas arid Jbfeph

Malan, took the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, that their Address, of Saturday last, That his Majesty would be graciously pleafod to give Direction to the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, that the Representation, therein mentioned, might be laid before this House, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he will give Direction accordingly.

Mr. Comptroller allb repotted to the House, that their Address, of Tuesday last. That his Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers, that the several Estimates, Lift, State, and Accounts, therein mentioned, might be laid before this House, had been prelected to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he will give Directions to the proper Officers, to lay the same before this House.

Sir Charles iVills presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, An Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1732.

And the Title thereof was read.

The laid Estimate is as follows viz.

EST1 MATE of the Charge of the Office of OR DNANCE, for the Year 1732*

LAND SERVICE. s. d. \ s. d.

Ordinary of the Office, competing Repairs of Store-houses, Barracks,

Platforms, Carriages, Stores for Garrisons, Rents, Salaries, and other incident Charges -- - ----- -- 38,83$ 7

Edablishments at Mahon, Gibraltar, Atmapolis, Placentia, and North Britain - - - - - . - . - - - - 9 >9^ 2 3 9

Half-pay of the Officers, that have served well in the Trains of Artillery in Flanders, Spain, and on several Expeditions ----- 509 ——

1 49,306 11

EXTRAORDINARIES £. s. d.

Towards carrying on the Fortifications at Gibraltar - - 5,000 — —

Towards building Barracks for One Battalion there - - 5,000 — —

—— ----- ----- jo,000 — —

Towards carrying on the Fortifications,! f Mahon - 5,000 — —

Repairs of Store-houses, and supply- > at <Annapolis 700 — —

ing of Stores - - - - J £ Placentia - 300 — —

16,000 — —

Towards rebuilding and repairing the -Fortidcations at Sheerness - - - - 3,000 — —

Towards building and repairing the Fortifications, and a new Powder Magazine, at Portsmouth I 5,000 — —

One hundred Tons of Salt-petre - - - - f 4,500 — —

Ordnance, and Stores, directed to befent to the Island of Antigua by Order of Council, dated

2 3d December 1731 - - - 976 18 4

Ordnance, and Stores, directed to be Cent to the Island of St. Christopher's by Order of Council, dated 19th January 1731 - - - - / 3,931 11 11

EXCEEDING S, for which no Allowance ^hath been made by Parliament. , l 5

Bedding and Stores, lent to Gibraltar by King's Warrant, dated £. s. d.

September 1731 ----- ----- - 3,006 JO 9

Powder, delivered to the Bashaw of Tripoli by Order of Council, dated

8th April 1731.....- - - - 37O 5 —

l$ 9 86,091 1 -

C'ha. Wills, John Armjl Geo. Gregory,

- T. White, L. Smelt. Ordered,

Vol. SI.

Answer to Address.

Ordnance

Estimate.

7^4

21 ® Jaunarit.

A. 1731.

Navy

Estimate.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Sir Charles Wager, from the CommUTioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

The ordinary Estimate of his Majesty's Navy, for the Year 1732; and allb,

An Estimate of the Debt of his Majesty's Navy, as it stood on the 31st 'December 1731.

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The Estimate of the Debt of his Majesty's Navy, as it stood on the 31st December 1731, is contained in the annexed Sheet of Paper.

Navy-Office, 1 Ak ESTIMATE of the Debt of his Majesty's Navy, on the Heads hereafter mentioned, 2 lit January, 1731. J as ;t stood on the 31-

HEADS of the Naval ESTIMATES.

Wear and Tear, ordinary and extraordinary Repairs:

Due, to pay off and discharge all the Bills registered on the Course of the Navy, for Stores, supplied for the Service thereof -

- - to pay off and discharge all the Bills registered on the said Course,

for Premiums, allowed by Act of Parliament, on naval Stores -

- - for Freight of Tenders, and for Stores delivered into his Majesty's

several Yards, for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 31st December 1731, as also, to several Bills of Exchange

- - to his Majesty's Yards, and Rope-yards, for the Ordinary and

Extraordinary thereof ——

- - for Half-pay to Sea Officers, according to an Establishment made by his late Majesty in Council on that behalf -

Seamen's Wages:

Due, to Pay the Men, unpaid on the Books, of Ships paid off -

- - to Ships in Sea-pay on the abovesaid 31st , 1731 -

Victualling Debt, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners j viz.

Due, for short Allowance to the Companies of his Majesty's Ships in Pay,

and which have been paid off -

- - for paying off all the Bills, entered in their Course -

- - for necessary, extra-necessary, Money, Contingencies, and Bills of Exchange -

- - to the Officers, Workmen, and Labourers, employed at the several Ports - -

Sick and Hurt, the Debt of that Office, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners j viz.

Due, for the Quarters and Cure of Tick and hurt Seamen, sent alhote from his Majesty's Fleet, and Contingencies relating to the said Service -

The Total amounts to the Sum of One million Five hundred Eighty-eight thousand Two hundred Ninety-three Pounds, Eighteen Shillings, and Six Pence Three. Farthings -

. , From whence deducting the Money in the Treasurer's Hands, as on the other Side - -

The net Debt will be One million Four hundred Forty-five thousand Eight hundred Forty-three Pounds, Seven Shillings, and One Penjr Half-peny ....

ParticuUrs.

TOTAL.

L

s.

d.

611,228

22,814 — —

28,420 — —

»73>3*4 — —

18,822 9 6

7*75* 12 —

161,520

15,665 *3 —

5I3>66$ 1 11

960 *7 2 i

8,99s ! 3 81

5»°93

L

£. s.

) 854,648 9

J

| 189,27a 12 —

539*79 15 9*

5»°93 1 3

1,588,293 18 61 142,450 11 ji

rr

*,445*43 7

Nin

D*.

Ja.Mjghell, Ja. Acworih, Tho. Pear/e, Geo. Saunders, Wm. 'Cleveland, Ro. Byng.

Mmorandmi

t -

sn

o

pi

O

S

1ft

O

o

o

0O-

D

Seamen

employed.

Greenwich

tkipUal.

765 l1 " Jamarii. A. 1731.

The ordinary Estimate of his Majesty's Navy, for the employed in the Service of the royal Navy, from 31st Year 1732, is bound up with the other Papers of December 1730, to 31st December 1731, upon a Medium this SefCon. of each Month, distinguishing, what Number were

borne, and what mustered, in the said Service.

Sir George Saunders presented to the House, pursuant And the Title of the said Account was read, to their Order, An Account of the Number of Seamen, The said Account is as follows

th Tattuar C\* An ACCOUNT of the Number of Seamen, employed in the Service of the royal

19 January, 1731.3 Navy, from the 31st December 1730, to the 31st December 1731, upon a Medium of each Month, distinguishing, what Number were borne, and what mustered, in the said Service: Prepared in pursuance of an Order of the honourable House of Commons, dated the 18th Instant.

MONTHS.

January, 1730 -

February -March, 1731 April May June

July - -

August

September -QElpher

November -December -

Upon a Medium

.* Number of Men.

/ Borne. Mustered.

- 8,888 8,063

- - 9,267 8.273

- - 9,406 8,496

- - 9,617 8.928

- - - 10,658 10,063

' - - »2»754 11,774

- - - 14,076 >3433

- - - 14,170 13,848

- - - 11 >9°5 11,609

- - - 10,930 10,621

- - - 11,038 10,771

- . - - 10,891 10,180

133,600 126,059

" 1 ,*133 10,504

Ja. Mighell, Ja. Acworth, J.

IVm, Clevland, Ro. Byng.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon tire Table, to be peruied by the Members of the House.

The House being informed, that Mr. Corbet, Secretary of Greenwich Holpilal, attended at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A State of the yearly Revenue, and ExjJence, Of Greenwich Hoip.tal 3 and also.

An Account, ftiewing, how the Money, granted last Session of Parliament for Greenwich Hospital, has been disposed of.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said State and Account were read.

The said State and Account are as follows; viz.

A STATE

c

t«

IS

STATE of the Yearly Revenue and Expence of Greenwich Hospital: Prepared in pursuance of an Order of the honourable House of Commons, of the 18th Instant.

g

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

REVENUE.

The Six-pence a Man per Menfem of 10,000 Seamen, employed in his Majesty's Service at Sea ——

D° of about 1,500 Seamen, employed on board his Majesty's Snips in ordinary ——

D* of Seamen, employed in the Merchant Service, has yielded for these Three Years pad, about ——

The Three Light-houses on the Forelands about -

Rent of Houses about ——

There is veiled in South Sea Annuities, by Order of the Court of Chancery, the Sum of £.3,974. devised to the Hospital; which Sum is to be laid out. in the Purchase of Lands, and in the mean time the Hospital receives the Interest, at £.4. perCent. ——

Revenue ftiort of the Expence

£. r. d.

3.250 ——

487 10 — -

7,000 — —

1,400 ——

270 ——

158 19 —

12,566 9 —

10,200 17 10

22,767 6 10

Memorandum: The Half-pay of the Governor, and other military Officers, of the Hospital, which is at present applied in Aid to the Revenue of the Hospital, and may be dcdu&ed from the above £. s. d. Deficiency, amounts to ----- 1,295 15 —

The Wages, and Value of the Provisions, allowed to the Chaplains of the Ordinary of Deptford and,

which are at present applied in like Manner (they being the Chaplains of the Hospital) amount to 107 — — -

1,402 15 —

But the said Sums, being uncertain, are not brought to Account, aa Part O of the Revenue of the Hospital

1

EXPENCE.

The Maintenance of 900 poor Seamen, with the Officers, Servants, and Nurles, upon the present Establishment ——

The ordinary Repairs in and about the Hospital, including the Wages of the Officers of the Works, about ——

Contingent Charges, about -

£. s.

2°»567 6 10

1,700 ——

500 ——

Tho. Corbett.

2 2>767 6 10

ON

k

5 Geo. II. 3i°

7<58

Greenwich Hospital, 7 21 ft January, 1731..)

2i0 — -24° JdnUcttii* . 1731.

M ACCOUNT, shewing how the Money* granted last Session of Parliament, for Greenwich Hospital, has been dil'posed of: Prepared in pursuance of an Order of the honourable House of Commons, of the 18th instant.

In maintaining 350 additional disabled Seamen, with 21 Nurse % being Widows of Sea Officers, or of poir Seamen, and an additional Captain, and Lieutenant, between the First ot January

1730, and the 31st of December 1731 ----- ....

In maintaining 100 more Pensioners, taken into the Hospital on the First of June last, from the

Day of their Admission to the 31 ft of December 1731....

The First Charge of Cloaths, Bedding, and other Necessaries, for the said 100 additional Pensioners ——

There has been expended this Year, in fitting up Wards in the greater and lesser Buildings of Queen Anne's Court, f r the Reception of Pensioners, the Sum of £. 2,812. 141. 3*/. towards the Payment of which, the remaining Part of the 10,000, has been applied, viz.

£ s. d.

5,896 16 — 788 5-869 1 a

2,446 a 10

Total - - £.10,000 — —

Tho. Corbett.

Ordered, That the said State and Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Supply. The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles ‘Turner took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported trom the Committee, that they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the fame. '

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Sir Charles Turner also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, Tefolve itself info a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Privilege. Complaint being made to the House, that Edivdrd Chafe hath arrested John , a menial Servant to Sir

James Grant, a Member of this House, in an Action, at the Suit of Edward Langford, wherein James Jeffs is Attorney for the Plaintiff; in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Matter of the laid Complaint, and report the fame, with their Opinion

thereupon, to the House.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 240 Januarii;

Anno 5* Georgii II1' Regis, 1731.

Pray ers.

VUUn'sNat. \ BILL to naturalize Thomas Malan, and Joseph Malan, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Hamilton, Mr. Martin, Mr. , Mr. Sit

Wilfrid Lawfott, Mr. Bramfon, Sir John Barrington, Sir

Charles Wager, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir Edward Dcf bouverie, Mr. Turner, Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. Winning: on, Mr. Lacon Child, Sir Gilbert Heathcote, Mr. Burton, Mr. Norris, Mr. Gregory, Sir Thomas Lee, Lord Fane, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Earle, Sir Thomas Read, Mr. Andrews, Mr. White, Mr. Bladen, Mr.

Colonel Read, Colonel Onslow, Sir John Cope, Mr. Conduit, Mr. Baron Birch, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Lewis,

Sir Charles Nicol, Sir Roger Meredith, Mr.

Mr. Bacon: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill to naturalize Agnes Couffmaker, was read a CouiMtr'i Second time. Nit

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Vincent,

Sir Robert Ftcrneffe, Mr. Norris, Mr. Baker, Mr. Martin,

Mr. Parsons, Mr. Heathcote, Mr. Lacon Childe, Sir Gilbert Heathcote, Sir Nath. Curzon, Mr. Campbell, Sir Edward Defbonverie, Sir Wilfrid Lawson, Mr. Towers,

Mr. Winford, Sir Thomas Lee, Mr. Whitworth, Mr.

More, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Baron Birch, Mr. Burton, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Hope, Mr. Wyndham, Mr. Alderman Parsons, Lord Walden, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Selwyn, Sir Roger Meredith, Sir James Campbell, Sir Edmund Bacon,

Mr. Bramston, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Pigott, Captain Purvis,

Sir Charles Wager, Sir Charles Turner, Sir Charles Nitol,

Sir Wm. Wentworth, Sir John Williams, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Drew, Sir Tho. Robinson: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House being informed, that Mt. Frecker, from Dilpose the Treasury, attended at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, An Account, shewing how the Money, given for the Service of the Year 1731, hath been disposed of, distinguished under the several Heads, until the 24th Day of January 1731, and the Parts thereof remaining unsatisfied, with the Overplus thereupon.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The laid Account is as follows i viz.

As

J

o

j-

*z>

of

As ACCOUNT, shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1731, hath been disposed of, distinguished under the several Heads, until the 14th IW

and the Parts thereof remaining unsatisfied; with the Overplus thereupon.

173

it,

GRANTS.

Navy.

Ord nance.

For Victuals, Wages, and Wear and Tear, of the Navy, and the Victualling thereof, for 10,000 Men, for 13 Months

For the Ordinary of the Navy, and for Half-pay to Sea Officers Towards the Support of Grccnivkh Hospital

5 For Ordnance, Sea Services - -

For extraordinary Expences for Land Services, not provided for by Parliament ( For Ordnance, Land Services ——

Force*.

r For defraying the Charge of 17,709 Men, for Guards, Garrisons, and Land Forces, Anno 1731 ——

For maintaining his Majesty's Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar, Anno 1731 -

For defray ing the Expence of 12,000 Hessians, taken into his Majesty's Pay, for the Year 1731 ——

For a Year's Subsidy to the Duke of Brvn/wick Lunaiburgh WolfCnbut tie ——

Upon Account of Out-pensioners of Chelsea Hospital ——

Upon Account of Half-pay to reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, Anno 1731 -

For defraying several extraordinary Expences and Services incurred, and not provided for by Parliament - For Pensions to the Widows of reduced Officers of Land Forces and Marines, as died upon the Establishment of Half-pav, and who were married to them before Christmas 1716, for the Year 1731 ——

|To make good the Deficiency of the Malt Duty, Anno 1729, ou the 25th March 1731 To make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax, Anno 1729, 011 the 29th September 1731 J To make good the Deficiency of the General Fund, at Michaelmas 1730 -Deficiencies. \ To make good the Deficiency of the Grants, Anno 1730; viz.

To the Navy -....

I To Greenwich Hospital -

v To the Ordnance ——

To the Forces ——

£ * d. 60,000 — — 10,000 — —

29>7°2 7 11

34,610 6 7

£ 1. d.

494,000 — —

212,034 4 4

26,000

5,515 2 6

81,408 8 4

651,484 l7

169,835 8

241.259 1 3

95,000 — —

32.483 2 6

61,158 15 10

30,926 5 11

2,662 — —

93.874 3 9i

71»OI3 3 4i

39,353 4 11

»34,3»2 14 6

Towards the Maintenance of the British Forts and Settlements, belonging to the Royal African Como ny of England, on the Coast of Africa -To discharge the Sums (landing out of j£. 550,000. in Exchequer Bills, made forth for the Supply, Anno 1730 ——

To the Bank of England, for circulating the said Exchequer Bills ----- ----- --- 6,443 7 4

To the Ulher of the Receipt of Exchequer, for Necessaries for the Exchequer Bill Office ..... 21 16 if

vO

The Ways and Means out of which the said Grants were to be satisfied.

1. d.

7°6>°34 4 4 10,000 ——

112,923 10 10

1,214,809 10 9

338.553 6 6J 10,000 — — 504,200 ——

6,465 3 si

11,902,985 15 n j

706,034

10,000

112,923 651,484 169,835 241,259 6,250

32,483

61,158

30,926

10

17

8

1

o

2 15

5

10

1 i ih 3 o 6 10 it

2,662 — -

338,553 6 6}

10,000 ——

504,200 — —

6,465 3 5l

2,884,235 15 "1

D

cq‘

n'

CD

CL

CT

1,000,000

750.000

450.000

800.000 32,516 % 66 9 9,528

15,101

s. d.

12

— By the Land Tax, Anno 1731.

— By the Malt Duty, Anno 1731.

— By Annuities at 3 and \per Cent.

— By Way of a Lottery.

11J By Arrears of former Land Taxes.

10J By Arrears of sundry. Malt Duties.

1 By Duties on compound Liquors.

5J By Arrears of the Malt Duty, Anno 1729.

18,75*

18,750 ——

Residue of Ways and Means undisposed.

On the Land Tax, Anno 1731, in Exchequer Bills -

In Money raised by Contributions for Annuities at $iper Cent. Anno 1731

Arrears of the Malt Duty, Anno 1729

89,728

18,750

15,101

i. d.

10 —

5i

£ 123,580 2 5J

o

o

eg.

FT

1

3,007,815 18 4! Total of Ways and Means. 2,9°2>985 15 11} Total of the Grant*.

£.104,830 2 5 j Overplus of Ways and Mean*, 173*

M. Frecker.

34 January,*731

o

pi

o

-K

2:

Os

VO

Lock mail's Nat.

770

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table,

to be pemfed by the Members of the House.

A Bill to naturalize Leonard Esquire, was

read a Second time.

Re/o/ved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

of ¥c>k, Mr. Vincent> Mr. H Mr. Mr.

Earle, Mr. Spencer, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Mr. Wynd-

ham, Mr. Conduit, Lord Mayor of London, Sir 77/0. Lee, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Andrews, Mr. Mr.

Towers, Mr. Drumond, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir Geo. Dozvning, Sir Robert Furneje, Mr. Martin, Mr. Geers, Mr. Dockminique, Mr. Lac on Mr. Tyner, Mr.

Hope, Mr. Selwyn, Sir Roger Mr. Clayton, Mr.

Whitworth, Mr. Windham, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. Baron Birch, Mr. Harley, Mr.

A. 1731.

Brookfbank, Mr. Burton, Mr. Sir Tho.

Mr. Co-far, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Lewis: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House being informed, that Mr. Corbet, from the Nny Treasurer of the Navy attended at the Door he was Senrict. called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, An Account of what Money has been ordered by the Right honourable the Lords of the Treasury, and received by the Treasurer of his Majesty's Navy, for any Services of the Navy, from the 31st December 1730, to 31st December 1731.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as follows, viz.

2 40 Januarii.

Treasury-Office of the Navy, > An A C C q U N T of what Money has been ordered by the Right honourable 17 January, 1731. y t^e Lore|s ()f the Treasury, and received by the Treasurer of his Majesty's Navy, for any Services of the Navy, from the 31st December 1730, to 31st December 1731, distinguishing the Times when the same was received, and the Services to which it was applied, prepared in pursuance of an Order of the honourable House of Commons, of the 15th of January 1731; viz.

Time.

17‘rr* January 27th.

9=494

s.

d.

3

SERVICES.

7,871 17 9

/. 17,365 ——

Ftbr. 12th.

D* iad.

Received at his Majesty's Exchequer, in Money, out of the following Funds, the Sum of 17,366. for the Services under-mentioned; viz.

Outcf Arrears of the Malt Duty, Anno 1728, appropriated to the Supplies, Anno 1730.

Out of Money advanced by the Bank of England for Exchequer Bills charged on the Act for raising 350,000. for the Supplies, Anno 1730.

On the Head of Wages:

To pay his Majesty's Ships Canterbury, Argyle, and Severn, to 31st December 1729, also Two Months in Six to the Canterbury, Dreadnought, Portland, and Severn, due ftnee ——

On the Mead of Wear and Tear:

To pay Imprefts, and Bills of Exchange -

Received at his Majesty's Exchequer, out of Money advanced by the Bank of England for Exchequer Bills, charged on the Act for raising^. 550,000. for the Supplies, Amo 1730, the Sum of £. 2,993. 1^s- 5* for the Services under-mentioned; viz.

On the Head of Wages:

To pay Bills of Exchange, drawn on the Sick and Hurt

Office.....-

On the Head of Victualling:

To pay Bills of Exchange ..... Received at his Majesty's Exchequer, out of Money advanced by the Bank of England for Exchequer Bills, charged on the Malt Duty, Anno 1731, the Sum of £.200,108. 5 j. for the Services under-mentioned; viz. On the Head of Wear and Tear:

T o pay Imprefts, and Bills of Exchange -To pay all the Yards Three Quarters Pay, due Midjum-

mer 1730;

On the Head of Ordinary -

- - - Wear and Tear -

£. s.

- 40,000 — —

- 40,000 — —

On the Head of Ordinary:

To pay Half a Year's Half-pay to the Sea Officers, due 31st December 1730 - 15,000 — —

To pay Half a Year's Pensions, to super-annuated Sea Officers, &c. due Ckrijl-ma< 1730 ----- 3,700 ——

On the Head of Wages:

To pay all his Majesty's Ships at home, to 31st December

1730 ----- - 84,950 ——

To pay Bills in Course, for Pilotage, &c.

due D" Time - - - - 3>7$°---

Sum. TOTAL.

£. s. d. £. s. d.

15,366 \

2,000 17,366 — -

1,000

»>993 *6 5 2,993 16 5

3,000

80,000 ——

18,700 ——

To

A

Dj-mL.; 1 ‘ V

* ? ' i;

n

R: -

VI -

2.;

5 Geo. II.

i40 Janu

Time.

*73*-Afar. 26,

A>r. *7.

D* 30.

,73I*

May 18.

June 17.

SERVICES.

To pay Flag-pay - - - -1,615 5 —

To pay Bills of Exchange, drawn on the

Sick and Hurt Office - 2,000 ——

On the Head of Victualling:

To pay the Coopers, Labourers, &c. Two Quarters Pay due Midsummer 1730 - - -4,093 — —

To pay necessary Money, and Contingencies ----- -2,000 ——

Received in Money, at his Majesty's Exchequer, out of Arrears of the Land Tax Anno 1728, Part of the Supplies, Anno 1731, the Sum of£. 9,517. ioj. for the Services under-mentioned;

On the Head of Ordinary.

To pay a Quarter's Salary to the Right honourable the Lords of the Admiralty, the Commissioners and other Officers of the Navy, due £. s. d.

last ----- -- 8,320 ——

To pay a Quarter's Pensions, due D*

Time ----- - 297 10 —

On the Head cf Wages:

To pay a Quarter's Allowance to the Right honourable the Earl of Peterborough, as General of his Majesty's Marine Forces, due Lady-day last -

Received at his Majesty's Elxchequer, in Money, out of Loans on the Land Tax, Anno 1731, the Sum of £.203,229. 15r. 2d. for the Services under-mentioned; viz.

On the Head of Wear and Tear:

To pay Six Months Course, due 31 October 1728 -

On the Head of Victualling:

To pay Six Months Course, due 31 1728 -

On the Head of Wages:

To pay Sick and Hurt Quarters One Year, ending 30th September 1730 - -3,217 16 —

To pay Bills, numbered in Course, in

the Sick and Hurt Office - - - 252 19 2

To pay One Year's Pension to the Chest

at Chatham, due Lady-day 1730 - - 9,000 ——

Vol.21.

Received at his Majesty's Exchequer, in Money, out of Loans on the Land Tax, Anno 1731, the Sum of £.10,000. for the Service under-mentioned; viz.

To be paid over to the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, and is to be taken as Part of the Sum, not exceeding £.134,312. 14 s.6d. voted to make good the Deficiency of the Grants for the Service of the Year 1730

Received at his Majesty's Exchequer, in Money, out of Loans on the Land Tax, Anno 1731, the Sum of £.2,000. for the Service under-mentioned; viz.

On the Head of Victualling:

To pay Necessary Money, short Beer Money, and Contingencies ——

Received at his Majesty's Exchequer, in Money advanced by the Bank of England for Exchequer Bills, charged on the Land Tax, Anno, 1731, the Sum of £. 33,000. for the Services under-mentioned , viz.

On the Head of Wages:

To pay Two Months Wages in Six to

Ships in Sea-pay - - -13>°°°

To pay Two Months Advance and Conduct Money - - - " 10,000

To pay off his Majesty's Sloop the Tryal 7,000-----

On the Head»of Wear and Tear:

To pay Imprefts, and Bills of Exchange -

771

Sum.

J. d.

92,315 5 —

,093 ——

TOTAL.

£ s. d.

200,108 5

8,617

10 —

900 ——

112,398 ——

78,361 ——

12,470 15 2

30,000 ——

3,000 — —

9.5*7

10 —

203,229 15 2

10,000 — —

2,000 ——

33,000 ——

Received

-772

Tii

ime.

June 2

*73l-

July 29,

August 4th.

D* 25.

24® J.

SERVICES.

Received at his Majesty's Exchequer, in Money advanced by the Bank of England for Exchequer Bills, charged on the Land Tax, Anno 1731, the Sum of£.116,623. ior. for the Services under-mentioned; viz.

On the Head of Wages:

To be imprested to Sir Charles s. d.

to pay the contingent Charges of the Fleet under his command - - i,coo — —

To pay a Quarter's Allowance to the Earl of Peterborough, as General of his Majesty's Marine Forces, due Midsummer 1731- - - - 910 ——

On the Head of Ordinary:

To pay a Quarter's Salary to the Right honourable the Lords of the Admiralty, the Commissioners and

other Officers the Navy, due -Jummer 1731 To pay a Quarter's Pensions, due D® time ——

To pay Half a Year to superannuated Officers, due D® time -To pay Half a Year's Half-pay to the Sea Officers, due 30th Instant

I- *. d.

7>4°° ——

IO —

297

3,658 ——

15,000 ——

To pay all the Yards Two Quarters Pay, due Christmas 1730* viz.

On the Head of Ordinary - - 43,000 — —

- Wear and Tear - 39,000 ——

On the Head of Victualling: To pay Two Quarters Pay to the Coopers, Labourers, (sc. due Christmas 1730 - -

To pay Necessary Money, and Contingencies -

4.3 58 ——

2,000 ——

Received at his Majesty's Exchequer, in Money, out of Contributions for Lottery Tickets,^f«o 1731, the Sum of £.7,50°. for the Services under-mentioned; viz.

On the Head of Wages:

To pay his Majesty's Ships Looe and Gosport, to the 31st December 1730 ——

On the Head of Wear and Tear:

To pay the Auditors and Exchequer Fees, New Year's Gifts, and other Contingencies of the Pay Office

Received at his Majesty's Exchequer, in Money advanced by the Bank of England for Exchequer Bills, charged on the Land Tax, y/Kwo 1731, the Sum of 5,000. for the Service under-mentioned; viz.

On the Head of Wear and Tear:

To pay Imprefts, and Bills of Exchange

Received at his Majesty's Exchequer, in Money, out of Contributions for Lottery Tickets, 1731, the Sum of £.67,233. for the Services under-mentioned; viz.

On the Head of Wages:

To pay off several of his Majesty's Ships now at home, and others daily expected from abroad -

| On the Head of Victualling:

To pay Necessary Money, short Beer Money, and Contingencies ——

October 6.

A.

Sum.

& S. d.

total.

C- s.

1,910 ——

16,355 10 —

82,000 -

6.35* ——

116,623 10 —

4,500 ——

3,000 ——

7,500 ——

5,000 ——

64.133 — "

3,000 ——

\ Received at his Majesty's Exchequer, out of Money advanced by the Bank of England for Exchequer Bills, charged on the Land Tax, Anno 1731, the Sum of £. 12,967. 10s. for the Services under-mentioned; viz.

On the Head of Ordinary:

To pay a Quarter's Salary to . the Right honourable the Lords of the Admiralty, the Commissioners and other Officers of the Navy, due Michaelmas lad - - - - 7.700 — — -

67,233 —

To

773

5 Geo. II. 34° Jamarii.

Time. SERVICES.

To pay a Quarter's Pensions, due D* £. s. time - - - - 297 io —

On the Head of-Wages: To pay Bills of Exchange, drawn on the Sick* and Hurt Office - 1,000 To pay a Quarter's Allowance to the Earl of Peterborough, as General of his Majesty's Marine Forces, due Michaelmas last - - - - 570- — -

On the Head of Victualling: To pay Bills of Exchange - -

0 Haber 14th. November 3d. Received at his Majesty's Exchequer, out of Money for Contributions for Annuities at 3^ per Cent. Part of the Supplies, Amo 1731, the Sum of/. 10,000. for the Service under-mentioned; viz. To be paid to Greenwich Hospital -Received at his Majesty's Exchequer, out of Money for Contributions for Annuities at 3I per Cent. Part of the Supplies, Anno 1731, the Sum of /. 3,708. for the Services under-mentioned} viz. On the Head of Wear and Tear: To pay Imprefts, and Bills of Exchange -On the Head of Wages: To pay off his Majesty's Ship the Deal Castle

December 15. Received at his Majesty's Exchequer, out of Money for Contributions for Annuities at 3$ per Cent. Part of the Supplies, Anno 1731, the Sum of /. 82,742. for the Service under-mentioned} viz. On the Head of Wear and Tear: To pay Imprefts, and Bills of Exchange -On the Head of Wages: To pay off sundry Ships under Orders of Payment, which are arrived, and daily expected ----- - 73,742 — — To pay Bills of Exchange drawn on the Sick and Hurt Office - 1,000

On the Head of Victualling: To pay Short-allowance Money - 2,000 — — To pay Necessary Money, and Contingencies ----- 3,000 — —

December 24. Received at his Majesty's Exchequer, out of Money arisen by the Sale of the late Mr. Hampden's Estate, the Sum of /. 24.672. ioj. 0 for the Services undermentioned; viz. On the Head of Wages: To pay Two Months in Six, and Advance-money, to sundry Ships pursuant to Act of Parliament ----- 9,322 10 — To pay Flag-pay, and Pilots Course, to the 31st off this Month - - 6,300 — — To pay off his Majesty's Ships ‘Tartar, Lyme, and Dublin Yacht - 8,850

Received at his Majesty's Exchequer, out of Money for Contributions for Annuities at 3 £ per Cent. Part of the Supplies, Anne 1731, the Sum of /.8,767. ioj. od. for the Services under-mentioned; viz. On the Head of Ordinary: To pay a Quarter's Salary to the Right honourable the Lords of the Admiralty, the Commissioners and other Officers of the Navy, due Christmas 1731- - - ~ " 7 >600 — To pay a Quarter's Pensions, due D° time 297 10

Vol. 21.

Sum.

I.

7>997 10

i,97o ——

3,000 ——

TOTAL.

jC*

123967 10 -

- I 10)000 —

2,000

1,708

3,708 ——

3,coo ----- -1

74,742 ——

5,000 —

82,742 — —

24,672 10 —

7,897 10 —

9k

Oa

(~^ r

774 34* Januatii; A. 1731

Time. SERVICES. ,| Suet. TOTAL

On the Head of Wages: £ > d- L d.

To pay a Quarter's Allowance to the Earl of Peterborough, as General of his Majesty's Marine Forces, due Christmas 1731 ----- - 870 — - — CO ON I ® 1 1

The Sum Total is Eight hundred and Seventeen thousand Four)-hundred Twenty-nine Pounds, Six Shillings, and Seven Pence - j*‘ 817,419 6 7

Pattee Byng. > Presented the 24th January, 1731. Corbett.

O/fcm/.That the said Account do fie upon the Table, Estimate of the Charge of the Out-pensioners of

to be perused by the Members of the House. Hospital, for the Year 173a; and also,

An Account of Services incurred, 1731, and not Peerof Ordered, That a List of Fees, taken by the Officers of provided for by Parliament.

Officen of this House, be brought in, and laid upon the Table. And the Titles of the said Estimates and Account

*e House were read.

Army Mr. Secretary at War, bjr his Majesty's Gommand, The said Estimates and Account are as follows; Estimate*. presented to the House,

Estimate of the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and other his Majesty's Land Forces, in Great Britain, for the Year 1732; and also,

Estimate of the Charge of his Majesty's Forces in the Plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar, for the Year 1732} and also,

estimate

5 Geo. II.

24® Jam

ws

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and other his Majesty's Land Forces, in Great Britain,

for the Year 1732.

Dragoons

Horse - -

Soot - - -4

Invalids -

Independent

Companies.

r First Troop of Guards Second D*

Third D® ... Fourth D*

First Troop of Grenadier Guards Second D®

Royal Regiment of Guards Lord Cobkam's Regiment

Duke of Argyll's Lieutenant General

Royal Regiment Colonel Campbell's Lord Carpenter's Earl of Stair's -\ Brigadier Kerr's Lieutenant General s

Brigadier Churchill's -Major General -

'First Regiment of Guards -Second D°

Third D®

Brigadier Kirk's Regiment -Lieutenant General Tat/on's Lord Cadogans

Lord Tyrawley's

Major General Grove's Colonel Montagus Lieutenant General Whetham's Lord Mark Kerr's Colonel Harrison's Colonel Handafyd s Lieutenant General Sabine's

( Brigadier Fielding's Regiment \25 independent Companies

fSix Independent Companies in \ Britain - - - - -J

Numbers.

e ar\ai r Staff Officers -

Staff Officers,) Garrisons with Fire and Candle

c' LContingencies, upon Account

Whitehall 24th January, 173$.

18 T

181

181

181

176

>77 S3 7 3l9 *14 214

309

309

309

309

309

309

309

309

>♦7 25

1.108

1.108

I'5

6i5

l1S

A5

A5

6'5

6'S

I'5

6,5

2,161

2.472

10,706-

1,815

555

Pay of the Troops, and Regiments, for 366 Days.

L s. d.

16.592 ——

16.592 — —

16.592 ——

16.592 ——

10,772 12 — 10,900 14 — 26,949 16 — 26,126 6 —

17.744 18 —

17.744 18 —

15.484 17

15.484 17

»5,484

>5,484

15.484 17

15.484 17

15.484 17

>5,484 17

>7

>7

TOTAL.

47,021 17 — 30,554 18 — 30,609 16 —

12.819 o —

12.819 3 —

12.819 3 — 10,983 17 —

12.819 3 —

12.819 3 —

12.819 3 —

12.819 3 —

12.819 3 —

12.819 3 —

12.819 3 —

9,933

22,646

17 —

5 —

>7»7°9

- lo>907 9 7

- 35,740 3 5*

15,000 ——

Total

176,667 4

123,878 16 —

249,361 18 —

32,580 2 — 9,140 17 —

61,647 13 t

653,216 10 1

Wm. Strickland.

Vol. 21.

ESTIMATE

240 Janu

776

A. 1731.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of his Majesty's Forces in the Plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar, for the

Year 1732.

In the PLANTATIONS. Brigadier Jones's Regiment - Colonel Phillips's - 7 - - Four Independent Companies at New York One Company at Bermudas - Two Companies at Jamaica - One Company in the Island of Providence - One Company at Carolina ----- - Numbers. Pay of the Regiments, &c. for 366 D«iys.

395 394 445 57 224 112 *15 1,742 £. s. d. 9,802 14 — 9,857 12 — 7,161 8 — -1,006 10 — 3,663 1 — 1,826 19 — 3*°79 »5 9i

Garrisons at Annapolis Royal, Canso, and Placentia - - m m

In MINORCA.

Colonel Kane's Regiment ----- - Sir Charles Hoiham's -Brigadier Tyrrell's - - - - . Brigadier Barrell's ----- -- 6*5 615 615 615 2,460 12.819 3 — 12.819 3 — 12.819 3 — 12.819 3 —

Officers of the Garrison, &c.

In GIBRALTAR.

Brigadier Clayton's Regiment Colonel Anfiruther's ----- -- Earl of Albemarle's ----- - 615 6i5 615 " I >845 12.819 3 — 12.819 3 — 12.819 3 —

Officers of the Garrison, ISc. -

6,047

Provisions for Colonel Phillips's Regiment, in Garrison at Annapolis Royal, Canso and Placentia, deducting 4 d.per , out of the Subsistence of each Non-commission Officer and private Man, towards that Expence: Remains to be borne by the Government -Provisions for the {everal Regiments at Gibraltar, about - - - 1,55817 20,000

Whitehall, 24th January, 173L T Wm. Strickland. OTAL - -

TOTAL.

s. d.

36,397 19 9* 2»546 — 9i

51,276 ia — 6,217 8 6-

38,457 9 " 3*759 1/ 9

21,558 17 1

160,214 4 ii'

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Out-pensioners of Hospital, for the Year 1732'

3,854 Out-pensioners, {landing at present upon the Books of the Hospital, at 5J. per Diem each - -

100 Letter Men, at nd. per Dim each - - -

46 Serjeants, at 9 d. per Diem each ——

From which deduct

Remains to be granted, upon Account, Year 1732

Whiteha ll,24th 173'.

Per Diem. For 366 Dayi

£. s. d I- 1

80 5 0 29,386 IJ —

1,830

1 14 6 631 7 -

1 CO 31,848 2-

: applicable 7 32 6,500

for the J 25.348 2 -

IVm. Strickland.

5 Geo. II. 24 — 25° Januarii. 777

>\n AC€O U NT of Services incurred, Anno 1731, and not provided for by Parliament.

The several Payments to the Con t raft or for furnishing Gibraltar with Provisions, from 20th December 1725, the Date of his last Contract, exclusive of £. iO,oooo. paid him in Advance, pursuant to Agreement, did on the 27th 1731, d.

amount to - - - ' " . 4 >of

From 28th June, to the 12th December 1731, being Six Months, of 28 Days each Month, including Insurance, according to Contract, is estimated at about.....M»7 5* 8 7

Total of Payments, by Estimation - - - 184,782 13 5$

Dcduct the Amount of the several Supplies in Parliament for this Head of

Service - - - - 183,600 — —

Remains to be provided for - . - -

The Contract for victualling 850 Men at Jamaica, for (81 Days, from the 2<d of January 1730, to 2d July 1731, including Insurance -

The Difference of Pay between the English and Irish Establishments, for the Three Regiments, that served at Jamaica and Gibraltar, from the 25th December 1730, to 24th December 173! ——

To satisfy his Majesty's Warrants, of 28th April 1730, and of the 22d December 1731, to Lieutenant-general IVade, for carrying on and perfecting the great Wheel-carriage Road, &c. through the Highlands in North Britain ——

To make good 121 Days Otf-reckonings of the reduced Men of Brigadier Clay tan' % Regiment, from 25th December 1728, to the 24th April 1:729 ——

Totax

-I-

£ ' 1,182 13

d.

si

3,961 12 — 2,62$ — —

3>»8i 4

205 —

8

7

11,258 10

Whitehall, 24th

I73l*

tVm. Strickland.

Ordered, That the said Estimates, and Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Supply. Sir Charles Turner (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions they had dircded him to report to the House i which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Eight Thousand Men be employed for the Sea Service, for the Year 1732, beginning from the First Day of January 1731.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding Four Pounds per Man per , Month, be allowed for maintaining the said Eight

Thousand Men, for Thirteen Months, including the Ordnance for Sea Service.

The laid Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, being read j

Ordered, That the ordinary' Estimate of his Majesty's fclavy, for the Year 1732, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That a State of the Yearly Revenue, and Expence, of Greenwich Hospital, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That an Account, Ibewing, how the Money, granted last Session of Parliament for Greenwich Hospital, has been disposed of, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Office; of Ordnance, be referred to thfc laid Committee.

Then the House resolved iiself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refutned the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Vol. 21,

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning. 1

Sir Charles Turner also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee Co rndve, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 2 50 die J;

Anno 50 Georgii II4* Regis, 1731.

Prayers.

f\RDERED, That a Committee be appointed, to Expiring inspect, what Laws are expired, or near expiring, haws, and to report their Opinion to the House, which of them are fit to be revived, or continued:

And it is referred to Mr. Thomas Tower, Mr.

Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Orlebar, Mr. Mr.

St. Quint in, Mr. Harley, Mr. Armdel, Sir Thomas Aston,

Mr. Cross, Mr. Annejley, Sir Geo. Downing, Mr. Pigott,

Mr. Plummer, Mr. Cratclirode, Mr. Christopher,

Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Baron Birch, Mr. Burton, Mr. Sandys,

Lord Gage, Mr. Heathcote, Mr. Earle, Captain Vernon, Mr. Noel, Mr. Aiflabie, Sir Joseph Mr.

Clutterbuck, Sir Robert Attften, Sir Roger Braijhaigh, Mr.

Selzvyn, Mr. Turner, Mr. Plumptre, Sir Rowland Alfton,

Mr . Bacon, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Legh Mr. Lon-

gueville, Mr. Wyndham, Sir Wm. Milner, Mr. Verney,

Mr] Oglethorpe, Mr. More, Mr. Parsons, Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. Alderman Parsons, Mr. Taylor, Mr.

Sir Justinian Tfham, Mr. Tufnell, Mr. Laroch; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Commissioners for victualling his Vlflualling Majesty's Navjr, do lay before this House, the several Con^for Contracts, made by them for Salt, and the respective Prices, paid for the same, during Three Years, to Christmas last, distinguishing each Year.

9 L Ordered,

778

*5

16 Janua

4. 1731,

liifabliflg Persons having Pen-lions from being Members.

Supply.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill fof making more effectual the Laws now in being, for disabling Persons from being chosen Members of, or fitting or voting in, the House of Commons, who have any Pension during Pleasure, or Tor any Number of Years, or

any Office held in Trull for them; and that Mr. Sand)s

and Mr. fVyndham do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr.&t«</yjpresented to the House (according to Order) a Bill for making more effectual the Laws in being, for disabling Persons from being cholen Members of, or fitting or voting in, the House of Commons, who have any Pension during Pleasure, or for any Number of Years, or any Offices held in Trust-for them; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Sir Charles 'Turner (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions, they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in gt the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are as follow; viz.

RefotvedThat it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred and Twelve thousand Eight hundred Eighty-five Pounds, Seven Shillings, and Five Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for the Ordinary of the Navy, including Half-pay for Sea Officers, for the Year 1732.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty upon Account, towards the Support of the royal Hospital at Greenwich, for the better

Maintenance of the Seamen of the said Hospital, worn

out and become decrepid in the Service of their Country. and the Lord Malpas do prepare, and bring in,

Refo/ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, *ke &mc*

That a Sum, not exceeding Eighty-two thousand Seven hundred and Fifteen Pounds, One Shilling, and Six Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, for the Year 1732.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Three hundred Seventy-six Pounds, Fifteen Shillings, and Nine Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the extraordinary Expence of the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, not provided for by Parliament.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

An Account of prohibited East India Goods, remaining in his Majesty's Warehouse in the Port of , at Michaelmas 1730; with what hath been brought in since that Time, what exported, as also what remained at Michaelmas 1731: And also.

An Account of prohibited East India Goods, remaining in the respective Warehouses in the Out-ports, at Michaelmas 1730; with what has been brought in since that Time, what exported, as also what remained at Michaelmas 1731: And also.

An Account of naval Stores, imported from into the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1730, to Michaelmas 1731: And also.

An Account of naval Stores, imported from Russia into the Ports, commonly called the Out-ports, from Michaelmas 1730, to Michaelmas 1731.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are bound up with die other Papers of this Session.

A Lift of Fees, taken by the Officers of this House, was (according to Order) brought in by the Clerk, and tcmo!« laid upon the Table.

And the said Lift being read;

Ordered, That the said Lift do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Lift is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Hone.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America; and that Mr.

Tradirf

C>

Call of the House.

Prohibited East India Goods.

The Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned till this Day Fortnight, the Eighth of February next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii % 26° die Januarii \

Anno 3° Georgii II41 Regis, 1731.

Prayers.

THE House being informed, that some of the Commissioners of the Customs attended at the Door, they were called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to several Acts of Parliament,

An Account of prohibited India Goods, remaining in the Warehouses at St. Hellene, at Michaelmas 1730; with what hath been brought in since that Time, what exported, as also what remained at Michaelmas 1731: And also.

An Account of prohibited East India Goods, remain^ ing in the Warehouses at Lcadenhall, at Michaelmas 1730; with what has been brought in since that Time, what exported, as also what remained at Michaelmas 1731: And also.

The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself Supjfc into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, being read;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and other his Majesty's Land Forces, in Great Britain, for the Year 1732, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of his Majesty's Forces in the Plantations,.M«K>rojand for the Year 1732, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Com-

1

mittee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Turner also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this. House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the Hqufe adjourned till To-mQrro* Morning, N ine of the Clock.

ie

5 Geo. IL 27° Jauwrii. 779

y0vis 27® die */anuarii; the House (according to Order) An Account, shewing,

J J how much Money has been received by the Treasurer on

Anno 5* Georgii II' Regis, 1731. account of Greenwich Hospital, from Christmas 1730,

Prayers. to Christmas 1731.

Greenwich ^J^HE House being informed, that Mr. Harris, De- And then he withdrew.

HoipW. 1 puty Treasurer 5f Owme/Vi Hospital. attended at And't' Jl,le °[ ?he <"}, Accfnt was rCld'

the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to fa,d Accoun' " " follow',h > wz-

Gtcetmich Hospital, ? ACCOUNT, thewing, how much money has been received by the Treasurer on 25 ] January, 1731. J account Gf the said Hospital, from Christmas 1730, to Christmas 1731, and how the fame

has been employed; viz.

I£.

3,000 — —

7,339 f7

73 2

1,321 14 9 254 6 10

43 2 —

142 15

1,277 10 —

566 5 9 6 12 —

9,448 19 it [0,000 — — 13>474 7 4f

('ir nTgaaa — 1

J

Which said several Sums, together with the Calli, remaining in the Treasurer's Hands on the 25th December 1730, have been employed, as followeth; viz.

- V o h. 21.

Treasurer

Treasurer

To Cash remaining in the Treasurer's Hands on the 25th December 1730 -To the Treasurer's Receipts from the 25th of December 1730, to the 25th December \i31 *

HIM

<4

3?

d.

9h

fer Ce

Paid the Hooftiold Books,' Six Months, ending March 1731 Contingent Account - ditto -

Sundry Books of Works ditto -Hou should Books Six Months, ending September -Contingent Account - ditto

Sundry Books of Works - - ditto

Due to Balance

In the Absence of the Treasurer:

Cr.

Sum.

L J. d.

8 M7 18 Si

436 7 u|

5.85^ 4 6*

12,729 8 li

si6 >5 —

6,988 *5 6

34»46i 9 7i

- 2,611 9 6}

£37.083 9 2

Id

o

s*

3

W. Harris, his Deputy.

rr

s t=»

Geo. II 2 7°; — a8 781

Ordered, That the said Account do He upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

Expiring Ordered, That Sir John Cope, Colonel Onslow, Colonel Law*. Negus, Mr. Fin cent, and Mr. Whitworth, be added to the Committee, appointed to insped, what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion to the House, which of them are fit to be revived, or continued.

Regulation of Ordered, That Sir Roger Meredith and Colonel Pttt be Pilots, &c. added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mailer, Wardens, and Assistants, of the Guild, Fraternity, or Brotherhood, of the most glorious and undivided Trinity, and of St. , in the Parish of Deptford Stroud, in the County of Kent, is referred.

Debtors A Petition of the insolvent Debtors, confined in the Petition. Gaol of the City of Norwich, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; complaining, that the late Act for the Relief of insolvent Debtors, has not answered the good Intent of the Legifla-ture, the Sum being limited: And therefore praying, that a Bill may be brought in for their Enlargement, without Limitation of Sum, upon the Delivery of their All, under any Penalty, or otherwise to be relieved, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Savings A Motion was made, and the Question being put, by Vacant That an humble Address be preLnted to his Majesty, ommi on*. he will be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers, to lay before this House an Account of what Commissions in the Army, and Governments of Garrisons, have been kept vacant, and what Savings have been made thereupon;

It passed in the Negative.

Salt Duty in Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this Scotland. House, an Account of the Money, which has been paid into his Majesty's Exchequer in of the Produce of the Salt Duty, from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the last T<fn Years, distinguishing each Year.

Supply. Sir Charles Turner (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are as follow j viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Number of effective Men, to be provided for Guards and Garrisons in Great Britain, and for Guernsey and Jcrjey, for the Year 1732, be, including One thousand Eight hundred and Fifteen Invalids, and Five hundred Fifty-five Men, which the Six independent Companies consist of, for the Service of the Highlands, Seventeen thousand Seven hundred and Nine Men, Commission and Non-commission Officers included.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six hundred Fifty-three thousand Two hundred and Sixteen Pounds, Ten Shillings, and One Peny, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the said Seventeen thousand Seven hundred and Nine Men, for Guards, Garrisons, and other his Majesty's Land Forces, in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, for the Year 1732.

The laid Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ways Resolved, That this House will, upon and Means. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee 01 the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Vol. *1.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 28° die J

Anno 50 Georgii IIdl Regis, X73 r.

Prayers.

AP E TITIO N of the Reverend Harrington Bags haw, Wooiwich Clerk, Rector of the Parish Church of in ChttrcB:

the County of Kent, Sir Jacob Ackworth, Knight, pher Appleby, Esquire, and Samuel , Gentleman,

and of the Churchwardens, and principal Inhabitants, of the said Town of Woolwich, whole Names are there- ' unto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and the other Inhabitants thereof, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that the Inhabitants of the said Town, having been obliged to rebuild their Parish Church, which was, through Length of Time, become too ruinous to be repaired, did in the Years 1727 and 1728 lay the Foundation of a new Church; but that the said Inhabitants, consisting chiefly of Artificers and Labourers in his Majesty's Service, are utterly unable to bear the Expence of finishing the said new-intended Church, according to a Plan, approved by the late Bishop of the Diocese, the Estimate of that Charge amounting to Five thousand and Sixty-nine Pounds, though they have been assisted herein by the charitable Contributions, collected by virtue of Letters Patents of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and several other Benefactions: And therefore praying, in regard the said Town of Woolwich is included in the Port of London, and pays a very great Sum of Money yearly for the Coals, imported to, and consumed in, the said Town, that some Provision may be made, for building and finishing the said Church, out of the Fund, appropriated for building and endowing the Fifty new Churches, or that such other Relief may be given them, in the Premises, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Roger Meredith, Sir Robert Furnesse, Sir George Oxenden, Lord Fere Beauclerk, Mr.

Pulteney, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Plummer, Sir Robert Sir John Norris, Mr. Brooksbank, Mr. Mr. Earle,

Mr. Norris, Mr. Clutterbuck, Sir Wm. Wentworth, Mr.

Hacks, Mr. Lyfier., Mr. Shephard, Sir John,

Mr. Sandys, Mr. Heathcote, Mr. Burton, Mr.

Lord Noel Somerset, Sir Charles Wager, Mr. Selwyn,

Captain Purvis, Mr. Lodger, Mr. Piers, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Baker, Mr. Rol/e, Mr. Perry,

Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Newland,

Mr. Byng, Mr. Hope, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Mr. Po-tenger. Sir Wm. Stapleton, Sir Wm. Tonge, Mr. A/lington,

Sir John Hind Cotton, Lord Mayor of London, Mr. Wat-kyn Williams Wynne, Mr. Crojfe, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Hales; and all the Members, that serve for the County of Kent ':

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Trelawney, from the Commissioners for victualling viSualling his Majesty's Navy, presented to the House, according Contraa$ to their Order, An Account of the several Contracts made by the Commissioners for victualling his Majesty's Navy, for Salt, and the respective Prices, paid for the same, during Three Years, to Christmas\a&, distinguishing each Year.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

9 M Mr.

Trnde of Stigar Colon ki.

Teet of

Officers of the* House.

Lombc's Eaeine for making Or-j^iorne Silk.

782 2 80 Januarii. — -

Mr. Winning on presented to the House (according to Order) a Bill ror the lv;tter securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in and

rite same was received, ancT read the First time.

ReJ'olved.That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Rfo/ved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to give Di-red ions to the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, to lay before this House, Copies of all Repiefentations, and Papers, which have been laid before them, since the last Session of Parliament, relating to the Dispute between his Majesty's Sugar Colonies and Northern Colonies in America.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inspetfl' and settle, the Fees, to be taken by all the Officers and Servants of the House, and to examine, what Salaries, or Allowances, they have from the Government, and report thelame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. , Mr. , Mr.

Palmer, Mr. Gibbon, Mr. Pult, Mr. Sir Wm.

Yonge, Mr. Winnington, Mr. New/and, Mr. Brooksbank,

Mr. Lyfler, Sir John Rujbout, Mr. , Mr. buck, Lord Morpeth, Lord Walden, Sir Nathanael Mr. Moor, Mr. Bold, Mr. Master, Mr. Mr.

Waller, Lord Mayor of London, Mr. Alderman Parsons, Colonel Bladen, Mr. Robert Byng, Mr. Hucks, Mr. Andrews, Mr. Verney, Mr. Aldington, Mr. Wing ford, Mr. Parsons, Mr. Hamilton, Sir 7 Mr. Bramfiun,

Mr. Pot eager. Sir Thomas Clark, Mr. John Mr. Dig by, Sir Robert FurnMr. Mr.

Heathcote, Mr. Oglethorpe, Lord Limerick, Lmd Ala!pas, Nr. Walter Plumer, Mr . Richard PMr. Plumptre,

Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. Mr. Alderman

Barnard, Mr. Brudenell, Mr. Earle, Sir Gilbert Heathcote, Mr. Edgcumbe, Mr. Hales, Mr. Burton, Mr. Grosvenor, Mr. Trelawny, Mr. John Gould, Sir John Dutton, Sir Ckarles Nice/, Mr. Scrcpe, S;r JuJliuian isham, Mr. Clayton, Mr. York, Mr. , Mr. Walpole, Lord

James Cavendish, Mr. Tufnell, Mr. Secretary at War,

Sir Charles Wager, Lcrd Gage, Mr. Gybfon, Sir Tho. Hales, Sir Charles Turner, Lord How, Mr. Nathanael Gould, Mr. Longuevil/e, Mr. Kno/lys, Mr. Thomas tyn, Mr. Edward Walpole, Mr. Cartwright, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Horatio Walpole: And all, that come, are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and they have Power to fend fot-Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Lift of Fees, taken by the Officers of this House, which was ordered to lie upon the Table, be referred to the said Committee.

A Petition of Sir Thomas Lombe was presented to the House, and read; alleging, that he has, at his own Sixpence, and with the utmost Difficultyand Hazard, discovered, and introduced into this Kingdom, the Art of making fine Italianorganzine, or thrown, Silk, out of

fine raw Silk, by large Engines, of a most curious and intricate Structure: That this organzine Silk is a Commodity absolutely necessary to carry on the Silk weaving Trade in this Kingdom, and was.formerly bought with our Money, ready worked, in Italy; That his late Majesty was graciously pleased to grant to the Petitioner a Patent, for the foie making, and using, the said Engines for the Term of Fourteen Years: That, by virtue of this Grant, he has crested an Engine in the Town of for car-

rying on this Manufactory, in which our own Poor, are employed; but that several Years of the said 'Perm were expired, before the Petitioner could finish the said Engine: That loon after the King of Sardinia prohibited the Exportation of raw Silk, with which the Petitioner carried on this Manufacture; and that, before he could

0 Februarii. 1731.

procure a Supply of proper raw Silk, instruct as rmtiy People, as his Engine required, and bring the Manufacture to Peifection, lire laid Term was alniolt expired:

And therefore praying, that the House will take his Calc into Consideration, and grant him a further Term of Years, for the foie making, and using, his fa d Engine', or such other Recompence, or Relief, as to the lioulc shall fcem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. Oglethorpe, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Mr. Pelluim, Mr.

Law Jon., Mr. Winnington, Mr. Earle, Mr. W , Sir

Rufjout, Mr. Tufnell, Mr. Edgcumbe, Mr. Bmkfim,

Mr. Burton, Sir Charles Wager, Mr. Trelawny. Mr. Wyndham, Mr. Clutter buck, Mr. Sir

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Scrope, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Brudenel,

Lord Gage, Sir Gilbert Heathcote, Sir Tho. Mr.

Hales, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Grosvenor, Lord How, Mr. Heathcote, Mr. Nath. Gculd, Mr. John Gould, Mr.

Mr. Andrews, Mr. Kno/lys, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Tho Martyr,

Sir Charles Nicol, Mr. Edward Walpole, Sir Curzon, Sir Robert Furneffe, Sir Isham, Mr.

More, Mr. York. Mr. Cart wr'ght, Mr. Norris, Mr.

Mr. Parsons, Sir Edmund Bacon, Lord James Mr. Horatio Walpole, Mr. Secretary at War; and all the Members, that lerve lor the County of Derby, and City of Louden: And all the Merchants of the House: And they are to nnet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself Supply, into a Committee of the whole House, to consider furthet of the Supply granted to his Majesty, being read;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Out-pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, lor the Year 1732, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That an Account of Services incurred, Am 1731, and not provided for by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Cora-

nut tee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that they had come to several Refol tit ions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will pleufe to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Morning next.

Sir Charles Turner also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted tc his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tutficy Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, i° die Februarii;

Anno 50 Georgii Iidt Regis, 1731.

Prayers.

r\ RD E R E D, That Sir Robert Lord Fere Boev- p^'i

clerk, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Brittffe, Sir Thomas Clarke, Mr.

Rawlinson Earl, Mr. Lumlcy, Sir Tho. Mr.

Nezviand, Lord Mayor of London, Sir Paul Stethua, P"ue Mr. Papi!Ion, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Richard Plumer, Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Rudge, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Shirley, Sir

Stanloy,

0

5 Geo. II.

Februarii.

783

Stanhope, Mr. Taylor, Sir IVni. Willy5, Sir Wm. Tongs, and Lord Limerick, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Sir Thomas Lombc is referred.

t. Clarke Ordered \Tint the Thanks of this House be given to

banked. ^ie j>cverenl] Doctor A:ured , for the Sermon by him preached before this House Yesterday at St Margaret's, Westminster, and that he be d. fired to print the same; and that Mr. Clayto, Sir John , Mr. Wynd-bam, and Mr. Conduit, do acquaint him therewith.

Ir >n mpoftetl

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do lay before this House, an Account of what Quantity of Pig and Bar Iron has been imported into this Kingdom, from Christmas 1720, to Christmas r 730, distinguishing

each Year, the Sorts, and Places from whence they were imported, and what Duties are payable thereupon.

Mdan's Mr. Hamilton reported from the Committee, to whom Nat. the Bill to naturalize Thomas , and Joseph

was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

:o»flinaker'* Mr, Vincent reported from the Committee, to whom N*t. the Bill to naturalize Agn was committed;

that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and had directed him ' to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Cleflc's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Supply. Sir Charles Turner (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions, they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are as follow;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Clue hundred sixty thousand Two hundred and Fourteen Pounds Four Shillings, and Eleven Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for maintaining his Majesty's Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, Minorca and Gibraltar, and for Provisions for the Gar-, rilons at Annapolis Royal, Canso, Placentia, and Gibraltar, for the Year 1732.

Rfolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-five thousand Three hundred Forty-eight Pounds, and Two Shillings, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, for Out-pen-lioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1732.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a.Suin, not exceeding Eleven thousand Two hun-, died and Fifty-tight Pounds, Ten Shillings, and Eight Pence Half-peny, be granted to his Majesty, lor defraying several extraordinary Expencesand Services, incurred in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-one, and not provided for by Parliament.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second

time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon,

agreed unto by the House. '

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning Nine of the Clock.

Vol. 21.

Mercuriiy 2° dieFebruarii;

Anno 5° Georgii IF* Regis, 1731.

Pra yer$.

»>> \-y

E House being informed, that some of the Com- Land Tax JL missioners of the Taxes attended at the Door, they House were called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, butyArreari, according to their Order,

An Account of what Arrears of Land Taxes Were standi ing out at Christmas I aft, with the Names of the resp:«£tive Receive s, in whole Hands the said Arrears remained, distinguishing each Year, and what Proceedings have been had, to compel the Payment there )f; and also,

An Account of what Arrears of the Duties upon Houses were (finding out at Christmas last, with the Names of the respective Receivers, in whole Hands the said Arrears remained, distinguishing each Year, and what Proceedings have been had, to compel the Payment thereof.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perulVtl by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are bound up With the other Papers of this SefUon.

Mr. Winningtonreported from the Committee, to whom Regulation of the Petition of the Made, Wardens, and Assistants, of Pilots, Sc. the Guild, Fraternity, or Brotherhood, of the most g!o* rious and undivided Trinity, of St. Clement, in the Parish of Deptford Strond, in the County of Kent, and also the Petition of the licensed Pilots of the of Deptford Strond, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and other licensed Pilots, thereto belonging, were referred; that the Committee had. examined the Matters of the said Petitions, and had directed him to report the fame, as it aopetred to them, together with the Iles>lutions of the Committee thereupon, to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's "fable; where the;

Report and Resolutions were read, and are as folio weth, viz.

That the Committee, pursuant to the Orders of the House, have examined the Matters of the said Petitions, which are as folio vs; viz.

Upon the first-menti oned Petition:

That the Petitioners produced an Exemplification of a Charter, which was read, bearing Date the 20th Day of May the 6th of Henry the 8th; wherem is mentioned, that the Petitioners were a Society of Ship-m:n, or Mariners, of England, and had been f >r a considerable time; and by the said Charter were incorporated, by 1 he.Stile and Title of The Mailer, Wardens, and Assistants, of the Guild, Fraternity, or Brotherhoo J, of the most glorious and undivided Trinity, of Sr. Clement, in the Parish of Deptford Strond. in the County of Kent, with sundry Liberties, Franchises, and Privileges, and a Power to make By-laws; one of which, being made in the same Year, was read, and is as followeth; viz.

" That it is ordained % nd established, that every Master " and LoadlVnan of every Ship, failing out of the River " Thames, or coming into the fame, and taking Loadmanage, shall pay unto the said Master and Wardens,

"or to their Successors, of every 20 2/. to the Use

‘ "of the said Fraternity, that is to say, within Eight " Days, as well outwards* as inwards, under Pain to " pay every time for Penalty 20 j."

That by a Charter, dated the 8th Day of July, Anno i® Jacobilldl, produced, and read,..the before-mentioned

Charter was confirmed; with a particular Power to examine, and appoint, Pilots, and to make :uch Or iers and Constitutions, as should be nccelLry, lor the wholesome Government, Maintenance, and Increase, of Navigation, and of all Seafaring Men, coming or being within the

River

784

Februarii.

A. 1731.

Regulation of River of Thames, and for the Relief of poor Mariners, Puots, &c. their Widows, and Children.

Robert ftugg, of Grave/end, appointed by the Company to take care, none but licensed Pilots should be empbv.-..!, said, that he has known several Persons take upon them to pilot Ships into and out of the River without

lawful and licensed Pilots; And informed the Committee of the Names of Persons, whom he had turned oat of Ships at several times, knowing, they were not warranted to act as Pilots; and are as follows; viz.

Time when turned out.

Geo. Wot ton James Bumbee Geo. Wot ton D°

Peter Martin

James Bumbee -Geo. Hudson, Deal

John Sampson -John Cole Geo. Wotton -John Hambleton James Bumbee -

That, pursuant to such Powers, it appeared to the Committee, that the Petitioners have from time to time examined, and appointed, a competentNumber of Pilots, being examined, or licensed thereto, to the Hazard of to conduct his Majesty's Navy royal, and other Ships, Ships, and their Cargoes, as well as the Lives of Men, down the River of Thames, and the North Channel, to to the Obstruction of the Channels, and the Prejudice of Or/ordness, and round the Long Sand Head into the

Downs, as also down the South Channel into th eDowns,

and from Orfordnefsup the North Channel, and the River

of Thames, and within the River Medway, and they,

being able and experienced Pilots, and duly qualified, ought only to be trusted with the piloting all such Ships.

And Mr. John Goldjborough and Mr. Whormby, being

severally examined, said, that, when any Person desires to be admitted a Pilot, a Petition is usually signed by Conimanders of Ships, and experienced Pilots, certifying his Skill; which is presented to the Matter and Wardens, John Peterson -tiff, of the Trinity-house, and read; which is by them Thomas Beans-referred to some of the elder Brethren, to examine the Person; who make a Report of his Ability; and, if found by them to be qualified, a Warrant is granted, for him to act as a Pilot accordingly.

That it also appeared to the Committee, by the Bylaws of the said Corporation, made in 1687, which were tead, that several Orders have been made, for the better Regulation and Government of Pilots, and to prevent the John Cole Matters of Ships, who lie in the River, from keeping John Smailes -their Guns (hotted, and from firing Guns in the Night- John Buffim -time, and keeping Powder on board; as likewise against John Cole Bomb-boats lelling of Fru-t, Wine, strong Waters, &?r. has been

December 10th 1728.

----- -----11 th.

----- --30th.

January nth.

Mar. ad.

June 14th 1729, October 18 th. November 9th.

----- -----27 th.

December 13th 1719. — 24th.

—— 25th.

‘25th.

January 10th.

May 6th 1730.

October 13th.

September 13th 1731. October 31st.

_ several times turned out by

upon the River Thames, whereby much Wrong has been the said Rugg, for taking Charge of Ships, without being done to the Owners of Ships, by the purloining of Cord- licensed thereto.

age, and other Materials; and also from suffering any It appeared to the Committee, that the Company had manner of Pitch, Tar, Rosin, Grease, Tallow, Oil, or lately commenced Two several Actions at Law, in the the like combustible Matters, from being heated on board Court of King's Bench, against James Bumbee and Wm. Ships, lying in the said River, whereby great Lottes have Henderson, for taking upon them to pilot Ships, not often happened, by Fire, to Shipping, belonging to Mer- being licensed so to do; and, they making no Defence, chants, and may greatly endanger his Majesty's Ships, as Judgments were obtained against them by Default, well as his Majesty's Docks, and Yards, near the said It further appeared to the Committee, that the Peti-River, and also the Tower and City of London. tioners haveufed all manner of Means in their Power, for

Then the following Witnesses were called, and severally examined; viz.

Mr. Gates said, that he lives next Door to a Bomb-boat House, who hire Boats of a Builder, at One Shilling per Week, and carry off in them to Ships, Fruit, Wine, strong Waters, ts'e. for which, in Return, has seen them bring back all Sorts of Grain; and last Week they offered him good Oats, which had been brought from Shipping in the River, for 12 d. per Bushel: That for about Three Quarters of a Year, after the G in Act passed, they lay by; but, to evade a CUufe in that Act, they now carry young Women with them, who fell Puddings and Pyes: That when he has taken some of them up, and carried them

the due Observance of the Orders and By-laws, which have been made in pursuance of the aforesaid Charters, but find that the Powers, already granted, are not sufficient for the End proposed, in regard the By-laws of the said Corporation are only binding to the Members thereof.

Then the Committee proceeded to examine into the Matters, complained of in the Lcond Petition; and the Petitioners, in order to make good the Allegations of the fame, called the following Witnesses, who were severally examined;

Francis Lilly, licensed Pilot, said, that he was at the Trinity-house one Day, when only Capt. Wilkins wasexa-

before a Justice of Peace, they have been acquitted, mining of a Person, in order to be made a Pilot, and

because he he could not prove, Money had been taken by them.

And he further said, that he saw Nine of those Boats bring above Four Ton of Cordage on Shore, and in 'another a large Piece of Cable: That Four Men were scarce able to land it: And knows one Boat carries away from these People Ten Ton of Cordage per Month; and

heard the Man, but could not tell his Name, say, that there was a Sand between the Middle Ground and the Nore: He, the Examinant, fuid to the Captain's Kinf-man, That Man was not qualified to be a Pilot: Which being told to the Captain, he came to and said, " Mutt we alk you whom we shall make Pilots?" The Person was admitted, though the Examinant acquainted

is well assured, the said Boats are a Harbour and Nursery the Captain, he could not be made, without having Six

A J _ _ _ _ £ J a a 4 / % a D 4>a 4a »

for all Manner of Wickedness.

William Hollis, Waterman to the said Company, said, that several Ships have been let on Fire, and some of them burnt by heating Turpentine, and other combustible Matters, on board them: And produced a List of Six Ships as follow; viz.

The Hanover - - Capt Kitchinman, Merchantman:

Mary - - Capt.

Harbine, - Capt.

Happy Union - Capt. Obing,

Schooner. Capt. Warren, -

D*

- D*

- D°

- D°

- D*

Men's Hands to the Petition.

And he also said, that he was Pilot on board of one of his Majesty's Ships, commanded by Lord Forbes, to carry her into the Downs-, and, there being a fresh Gale, he saw the Sunderland, and Buckingham, Two of his Majesty's Ships, run aground; and the Pilots Names were Welling and Cocks, who were licensed; but can't say, they have acted as Pilots since.

William Kilwick, licensed Pilot, laid, that he knew

Thomas Church, also a licensed Pilot, who about 12 Months ago agreed with the Captain of the Mary, bound to the West Indies, to carry her into the Downs: That in going down he followed the Examinant, who was in another

Ship,

22

1

0

5 Geo. II.

Ship, into Marget Road, where they both came to an

Anchor: Next Morning, the Wind (hitting fair, the Examinant left Church in the Road; who, as he was coming down from thence, the Examinant (aw him run ashore on the North Sand Head: That the Captain, and several Passengers, with Four or Five Deal Men, who came off to their Assistance, were all drowned: That the said Church run away, and, to the best of his Knowledge, has never undertaken to pilot a Ship since.

Francis Lilly said, that in February last he met Captain Robinson, one of the elder Brothers, who was talking with Two Pilots about their carrying a Petition to the Admiralty, in order to be presented to the House of Commons, to oblige the Pilots to take Turns; and the Captain told them, it would be an Imposition upon the Merchants; and said to the Examinant, that there was he, and about half a Score more, were good Pilots, aDd, for half of the rest of them, he would not trust his Longboat with; but at the Time of their Examination they might be qualified, notwithstanding the y were now otherwise by drinking: Upon which the Examinant said, that if they had been examined by Pilots, they could not have passed their Examinations.

Roger Burchett, licensed Pilot, said, that in June 1718, several Dantzickers Ships came to the Nore for Convoy, and a Number of Pilots went down, and he went on board one of them, where a a Name,

of which those, who are not licensed Pilots, arc called, was, and l ad agreed with the Matter to be his Pilot; and the Brumigham told him, that the Examinant was no Pilot: The Master asked him, who he was, and what he wanted: That, when hehadacquaineed the Matter with the Reason of his coming, the Boat was ordered to be lowered, and the Men flung him the Examinant, into it, and would not suffer him to return back, but was obliged to go on board another Vessel: That lie came to the -house, and complained to the Deputy Matter, Captain Haslewood, of the Usage he had met with: The Captain acquainred him, that, if Matters of Ships think fit, they may take any Persons to be their Pilots, and the Company could not relieve them.

Mr. Francis Lilly, and Wm. severally said,

that, when they were gone down the River with Ships, they had Summonses sent to their Houlhs, to attend at the Trinity-house;and, for not attending at the End

Summons, others were sent to them, as also Letters, and their Names hung up at the Ballad Office, where ail Merchants relbrt, because they had not paid their Poundage, which, they laid, was 1 s. in the Pound. The Copy of the Letters to both of them is as follows; viz.

" Sir,

" The General Court of this Corporation, which was " held on the 3 tft of Oclobtr last, having dilmified you " from being a Pilot, or younger Brother of the Corporation, for refusing to pay your Poundage, and for not " attending to your Summons, you are hereby required " to bring in, and deliver up to the Board, your Warrant as a Pilot, and your Branch as a younger Brother,

" on Wednesday or Saturday next.

" Trinity-house, London, " By Order.

" 7th November 1730." " John

That they both went to the Corporation, and paid their Poundage; but their Names afterwards remained in the BalJaft Office.

And they further said, that they were lent for, to attend at the Trinity-house; which when they came, the Persons, wh© prelided at the Board, without naming who they were, acquainted them, that, if they did not sign to a Bond, which was shewed to them, the Corporation would make Examples of them both: That they signed the said Bond, which is as follows; viz.

" Whereas by ancient Usage and Custom, time out of " Mind and Memory, all Pilots, ficensed by the Corporation of the Trinity-house, have paid \zd. in the " Pound out of their respective Wages for piloting " Ships, from the Place of their breaking Ground with-V o l. £ I

78S

" in the River, through the South or North Channels, Peolation «f "whether they have received more or leis, than after Pilots,

" the Rate following; viz.

" Through the South Channel, over the Flatts:

" For 100 Tons, or thereabouts, down- £ '

" wards - - 3 —

" From 100 to 150 - 4 —

150I0250 - s —

" 250 — 350 - 6 —

" 350, and upwards - 7 —

" Through the North Channel:

" 300, and under - - - S —

" 300 to 400 - 9 —

" 400 to 500 - 10 —

" 506 to 600 - - - - 11 —

" 600, and upwards - 12 — -

" Now we, who have hereunto ful scribed our respective Names, and have affixed our several Seals, " being Pilots, appointed and licensed by the Mailer, " Wardens, and Assistants, do hereby promise and " agree, for ourselves, and for our respective Executors " and Administrators, to pay, or cause to be paid, " unto the said Matter, Wardens, and Assistanfs, their " Successors and Assigns, 12 d. in the Pound, according " to the several Rates above mentioned and expressed, " upon Demand thereof, or within Six Days after, for " and towards the Support and Maintenance of poor " decayed Pilots, and other Seamen, their Widows and " Orphans; and, for the due Performance thereof, we do hereby bind ourselves, our respective Executors and " Administrators, in the Penal Sum of £. 5. of lawful " Money of Great Britain, to be paid to the said Mailer, " Wardens, and AfliHants, and their Successors, for each " and every Neglect or Default of Payment aforesaid; as Witness our respective Hands and Seals this 19th " of September 1730."

Mr. Thorowkettle, licensed Pilot, laid, that, when he has gone on board foreign Ships, to pilot them up the River, he has been threatened by the Mailer to be thrown over-board, and, if he (laid, he should have nothing to eat; and, when the Ship has been brought up the River by his Care, expected to receive £. 5. but the Matter would pay no more than £. 3. upon which he applied to the Trinity-house for a Summons, and served the Matter with it; who would not obey such Summons: That, upon his Application to them again for Relief, he was informed, the Corporation could not oblige Foreigners to take Pilots; and advised him to take the £. 3. the Mailer had offered him.

Wm.Kilwick and Zachary Mason, licensed Pilots, severally confirmed the Evidence given by Thorowkettle, of Foreigners refusing to take Pilots, and of their threatening to throw them over-board.

Robert Boyce, John Peterson, Thomas Buckingham, and Wm. Kilwick, severally said, that the English Ships are obliged to take Pilots at Norway, Amsterdam, Rotterdam, Hambrough, and Holland, and pay Pilotage, if they have not a Pilot on board.

Edward Holliday said, that at St. Sebastians and they take Pilots, to carry Ships into those Harbours, and cannot go in without.

John Piers laid, that he has uled the Ofitnd and Calaii Trade Six Years, and made in that time 25 Voyages: Was obliged to take a Pilot each time outwards and inwards, and mull have paid Pilotage, if he had gone without one.

Then the following Witnesses were called on behalf of the First Petition, and were examined by way of Reply; viz.

Geo.Wottona.nd John C»/<?,u n 1 ice n fed Pilots, severally said, that they have often been recommended to Commanders of Ships, to pilot them into the Downs, by licensed Pilots, who have brought the said Ships to Gravesend, and have gone back to London for others; and they never did attempt to pilot any Ships, but by the Directions of licensed Pilots; and pay out of the Money, they receive from

9 N the

2° Februarii.

7 86

Regulation of the Captains of such Ships, One-fourth Part of their Pilots, &c. Wages to such licensed Pilots: And produced to the Committee Two Lists of the Names of such Ships, and of the Pilots, who recommended them, which were read, whereby it appeared, some of them had signed the Pilots Petition, and owned to the Committee, that they had recommended the Examinants.

Mr. John Goldjboraugh said, that when the Corporation of the Trinity-hottjeheard of the unfortunate Accident, which happened to the Gaily, and that

was the Pilot, who was licensed, a Letter was lent from them to their Officerat to find him out J but he

was run away: That he has not been employed by them since, and was^oy the said Corporation's Order ad Vert i fed in the Gazette, to prevent Persons employing him as a Pilot: And also said, that Benjamin who has

signed the Pilots Petition, was suspended about Three Years ago, for running the Shark Sloop a-ground.

Captain Wilkins laid, that he alone never examined any Person, who was recommended to be made a Pilot; and denied the Charge, Lilly had laid against him.

Mr. John Whormby laid, that, when the Corporation heard of the Accidents, that happened to the Sunderland and Buckingham, through the Mismanagement of (Veiling and Cocks, the Two Pilots, their Warrants were called in, and delivered up, and they have not been suffered by the Corporation to pilot Ships since.

And he further said, that the Corporation have 93 Alms-houses, wherein are 26 Pilots, or their Widows, who receive from them £. 346. per Annum; and about 77 monthly Pensioners, Pi.ots, and their Widows, who are not in Alms-heufes, and receive about 234. Annum-, which makes the whole, paid to them, about £.580. per Annum; and the Poundage, paid by the Pilots, amounts but to £. 50. per Annum, upon a Medium, for about 40 Years past:

That the Number of monthly Poor, who ate Pilots, Seamen. Mariners, their Widows, and Orphans, maintained, and paid monthly, by the said Corporation, exclusive of the Poor in the Alms-houses, amounts to near 2,000 Persons, besides £. 160. per Annum, paid to accidental Poor.

And he further testified, that the whole Money, paid to all their Poor annually, amounts to near £. 5,500. exclusive of Cloth Gowns, once in Two Years given to the Poor in Alms-houses, and 20J. per Annum to each Alms-house, for Coals.

Then the Petitioners, on the behalfof the Pilots, being asked, if they knew of any Moneys, received by the Corporation, had been misapplied;

They severally laid, that, to the heft of their Knowledge, they did not know any Misapplication had been made of the Moneys received by them:

But said, that some of their poor Brethren received but £. 3. per Annum, which was not suffi.ient to keep them from starving.

That the Committee came to the following Rcfolu-lutions; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, to avoid the Dangers, that may oth. rwife happen to Ships, and their Cargoes, no Person ought to take the Charge of any Ship or VetTd, as Pilot, down the River of‘I homes, or the North Channel, to or by or

round the Long Sand H-ad into the or down the

South Channel into the Downs, or from Orfordness up the North Channel, and the River of Thames, and within the River of Medway, without being first examined, and licensed, by the Mailer, Wardens, and Assistants, of the Guild, Fraternity, or Brotherhood, of the most glorious and undivided Trinity, and of Clement, in the Parish o i D ptfordStrond, in the County of Kent.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That such licensed Pilots ought to be subject to the Regulation ana Government of the said Corporation.

RefulveJ, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That great Dangers and Accidents have happened, and

A. 1731.

may daily increasej by Matters of Ships and Vefleh, which lie in the River of Thames, keeping their Gans Ihotted, firing Guns in the Night-time; and keeping Powder on board their Ships at improper Places, and Times.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the heating of Pitch, Tar, Rosin, Grcafe, Tallow,

Oil, or the like combustible Matters, on board any Ship or Vessel, isof dangerous Consequence, and hasbeenihe Occasion of firing several Sh ps in the said River.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Bomb-boats under pretence of fetching Dirt, and furnishing necessary Provisions on board such Ships, as are in the River, do commit divers Thefts and Robberies.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the said Corporation be enabled, and enjoined, effectually to prevent the like Dangers, Abides, and Annoyances, which may happen in the River of Thames below the Bridge.

The laid Resolutiuns, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the said Resolutions; and that Mr.

Sir Charles Wager, Sir John Norris, Mr. Alderman Barnard, and Mr. Alderman Perry, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Thompson, of York, reported from the Committee,

to whom the Bill to naturalize Leonard Esquire, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill; and had cl 1 reded him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, all such Proceedings, Papers, and other Instru- Ell«. ments, as he has in his Custody, relating to the Sale of the Estate of James, late Earl of Derwent water.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself intoa Committee of the whole House, toconsider of Ways and Mdllcm Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Cl air.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Coair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Turner also acquainted the Houre, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolveitlelf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The House being informed, that Edward Chafe and pri»ikf. James Jeffefs have made their Submission, and given Satisfaction to Sir James Grant, a Member of this House, in relation to the Breach of Privilege, complained of the 21 ft Day of January last.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the said Complaint.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account of what Bonds, given for the Duties on Salt, are now Handing out, and the Value of each

Bond,

a" Februdrii.

5 Geo. II. 2° — 30 Fe787

Bond, together with the Dates thereof, and the Names of the Persons, who entered into the fame.

Salt Ordered, That the proper Officers do lay before this upoited. House, an Account of all Salt* shipped for Exportation r ' on Vessels, which did not fail till after the 25th December

1-30; with the Times of shipping such Salt on board such Vessels, the (Quantity of Salt shipped, and for what Place entered, and whether the Duty was paid in Money, iv- «r secured by Bonds.

; f

ifaHing A Bill for making more cffe&uai the Laws in being, fpwfionI. ^or disabling Persons from being chosen Members of, or being fitting or voting in, the House of Commons, who have embers, any Pension during Pleasure, or for any Number of Years, or any Offices held in Trust for them, was read a Second time.

Revived, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till To morrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 30;

Anno 5° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1731.

Prayers.

Trade of A/f & Comptroller reported to the House, that their Sut-ar i-VX Address, of Friday lad. That his Majesty would Colonies, be graciously pleased to give Directions to the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, to lay before this House, Copies of all Representattons, and Papers, which have been laid before them since the last Session of Parliament, relating to the Dispute between his Majesty's Sugar Colonies and Northern Colonies in , had

been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he will give Directions accordingly.

»alt Duty in The House being informed, that Mr. C/iocke, from Scotland, the Exchequer, attended at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, a Return to their Order, of the 27th of January last, for an Account of the Money which has been paid into his Majesty's Exchequer, of the Produce of the Salt Duty, from that Part of Great Britain called , for the last

Ten Years, distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Return was read, and is as follows; viz.

Ordered, That the proper Officers do lay before this Salt House, an Account of the gross and net Produce of the imported. Duty on Salt imported, for Seven Yeah last past, distirt-guithing each Yean

An ingrossed Bill to naturalize Leonard Lockman, wits Lockmau'* read the Third time. N*

Resolved, That the Bill dopafs; and that the Title be,

An Act to naturalize Leonard Lockman. i

Ordered, That Mr. Thompfotr, of , do carry the Bill to the Lords, and ddire their Concurrence.

Sir Charles Turner (according to Order) reported from ^ayi the Committee of the whole Hoqfe, to whom it was and Mean*, referred to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution, they had directed him to report: to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Tabic; where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Thar, towards railing the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, which by an Act of Parliament, of the Fourth Year of his Majesty's Reign, have Continuance to the 24th Day of 17^2, be further continued, and charged upon all Malt, which shall be made, and all Mum, which shall be made, qr imported, and all Cyder and Perry, which shall be made for Sale, within the Kingdom of Great , from the

23d Day of June 1732, to the 24th Day of June 1733.

The said Rdolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unco by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolution; and that Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Scrope,

Sir Charles Oxenden, and Mr. Clayton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the several Lists of the Officers, and their Fees taken Deputies, belonging to the several Courts in in Court* of

hall, and elsewhere, with the Lifts, Accounts, and Tables of Pees, claimed by them, which were presented to this oftceta. House in the last Session of Parliament, and also the Lift9,

Accounts, and Table of Fees, of the Officers, and Servants, belonging to the Judges of the several Courts in

Westminster-hall, and the Circuits, the Associates, and Clerks of Assize, presented to this House in the Session of Parliament preceding the last, be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, who are appointed to inspect, and settle, the Fees, to be taken by all the Officers and Servants of the House, and to examine, what Salaries, or Allowances, they have from the Government; and that they do report, what appears to them, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

ti.

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament adembled.

In Obedience to an Order of this honourable House, of the 27th of January last, requiring an Account of the Money, which has been paid into his Majesty's Exchequer in England, of the Produce of the Salt Duty from that Part of Great Britain called; for the

last Ten Years, distinguishing each Year, I humbly represent, that the Books of the Exchequer have been looked over, in order to make an Account accordingly; but it does not appear, that any Money has been paid into the Exchequer (torn that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, within the Times above-mentioned, on the Salt Duty.

Exchequer, 3d Day of M j Qy

February, 1731.

Ordered, That the said Return do lie upon the Table.

Duty on Ordered, That the proper Officers do lay before this Hume-made House, an Account of the gross and net Produce of the u Duty on home-made Salt, for Seven Years last pad, distinguishing each Year.

Vol. 21.

A Petition of the Debtors in his Majesty's Prison of Debtor* the Fleet, in behalf of themselves, and many Thousands Ferition*. in the several Gaols of this Kingdom; and also,

A Petition of the insolvent Debtors, confined in Netvcastle Prison;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; complaining that the late Act of Parliament, for Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons, has not answered the Intent of the Legislature: And praying to be discharged, or otherwise to be relieved, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petitions do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of Ferdinando John Paris, Agent for the Trade of Province of Pensilvania in America, was presented to the Sugar House, and read; alleging, that a Bill being depending Colon, -before this House, for securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America, the fame, if passed into a Law, will highly prejudice great Numbers of his Majesty's faithful Subjects in North America in general, and in the said Province in particular, and also

greatly

7B8

3° Februarii.

A. 1731.

gfeatly aflbft the Manufacture, Trade, Navigation, and * Re?enues, of this Kingdom: And therefore praying, that

Counsel maybe heard» in behalf of tire (hid Province of Pensylvania, against the said Bill, and that such Relief may be given to the said Province, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie'upon the Table, until the Bill for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in be read

a. Second time; and that the Petitioner, if he thinks fit, be then heard by his Counsel, against the said Bill.

Trade tff A Petition of Francis Wilkes, Agent for his Majesty's Sugar Province of Massachusetts Bay, and also Agent lor his

Colonio* Majesty's Colony of Connecticut, in New England, was

pretented to the House, and read; alleging, that if the Bill depending in this House, for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America, should pass into a Law, it will tend greatly to the Impoverishment of his Majesty's faithful Subjects in all the Northern Colonies, but more particularly in the Massachusetts Bay, and ConneElicut, and to the Ruin of many Thousand Families there, and will be very j rejudi-cial to the Trade and Navigation of those Parts of the British Dominions, as well as to ti e Trade, Commerce, Navigation, and Revenues, of this Kingdom: And therefore praying, that Counsel maybe heard in behalf of the said Province and Colony, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in be

read a Second time; and that the Petitioner, if he thinks fit, be then heard by his Counsel against the said Bill.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard at the same time, for the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time upon Tuesday Sevennight.

A Petition of Isham Randolph, Esquire, Agent for his Majesty's Province of Virginia, one of the British Northern Colonies in America, was presented to the-House, and read i alleging, that if the Bill depending in this House, for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America, should pais into a Law, it will tend greatly to the Impoverishment of his Majesty's faithful Subjects in all the Northern Colonies, but more particularly in Virginia, and to the Ruin of many Thousand Families there, and will be very prejudicial to the Trade and Navigation of those Parts of the British Dominions, as well as to the Trade, Commerce, Navigation, and Revenues, of this Kingdom: And therefore praying, that Counsel may be heard in behalf of the said Province, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America, be read a Second time; and that the Petitioner, if he thinks fit, be then heard by his Counsel, against the said Bill.

Charitable A Petition of the Proprietors of five Charitable Corpo-Corporation. ration, for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, assembled in their general Court, was presented to the House, and read; complaining, that by the most notorious Breach of Trust in several Persons, to whom the Care and Management of their Affairs was committed, the said Corporation have been defrauded of the greatest Part of their Capital, amounting to several Hundred thousand Pouads; and that all the Petitioners are become great Sufferers thereby, and many of them reduced to the utmost Degree of Misery and Distress: And alleging, that some who have been guilty of these Frauds, have transported themselves to Parts beyond the Seas, and carried with them some of the Books and Effects of the said Corporation; and that there is great Reason to believe, such an immense Sum of Money could not have been imbezzled, without the Connivance and Participation of others, who yet continue here; and that tire

Petitioners are unable to come at the Knowlege of their Combinations, or to bring them to Justice, without Aid of the Power and Authority of this House: And therefore praying, that the House will vouchtafe to enquire into the State of the said Corporation, and the Conduct of those who have had the Care and Management of their Affairs, and*give such Relief to the Petitioneis, as to the House shall seem meet.

Resolved, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee.

Resolved, That the Number of the said Committee be One and-twenty.

Resolved, That the said Committee be chosen by way of balloting.

Ordered, That the Members of the House do, upon Tttefdaynext, at Twelve of the Clock, prepare Lifts, to be put into Glasses, of One-and-twenty Persons Names, to be the said Committee.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Committee be a Committee of Secrecy;

The House divided:

The Y eas go forth:

Tellers for tli« Yeas,

I Ofcfli l*H«

X Mr. Legh Master:

Tellers for the Noes !Sir Geo. leners for the

So it passed in the Negative.

}»3*-

j 212.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary at War have Leave to ScitWJ make a Motion, it being after Two of the Clock. Harb«!f

And he moved accordingly;

I And presented to the House a Petition of the Bailiffs, Coroners, Conservators of the Piers, Common-council-men, Trustees of Trinify-house, Masters and Owners of

Ships, and other Inhabitants, of the Corporation oftor-borough, in the County of York; which was read; alleging, that the Port of Scarborough is the only Place, capable of receiving Ships in Distress of Weather, between Newcastle and Humber: That the Piers of the said Port have frequently (aved Ships, not only in the Coal Trade, but likewise those trading to the East Seas, and other Places: That the present Pier of the said Town, not being carried out into a sufficient Depth of Water,

Ships of a great Draught cannot come in, but in Spring Tides: And therefore praying, for the more effectual Security of all Ships, trading to and on the said Coast, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Enlargement of the said Piers, so as to receive Ships, of the greatest Burthen in the said Trade, at neap Tides.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Secretary at War, Mr.

Mr. Bacon, Captain Vernon, Mr Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Turner, Sir Get.

Saville, Mr. Annjley, Mr. Conduit, Lord Gage, Mr.

Huxley, Mr. Hughes, Mr. Gregory, Colonel Onslow, Mr.

Earle, Mr. Waller, Mr. Master, Mr. Fazackerley, Sir Thomas Frankland, Mr. Mordaunt, Mr. Sir Tho. Robinson, Mr. Lowther, Colonel Norton, Mr. Andrews,

Lord Noel SomerJ'et, Sir Roger Meredith, Mr. Quin-

tin, Colonel Handajyde, Mr. Campbell, Colonel Middleton, Mr. Dioicombe, Mr. Oglethorpe; and all the Members, that lerve for the County of York; and all the Merchants of the House: And ‘they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a IX6hli» Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for making more effectual the Laws in being, for disabling Persons bcin^ from being chosen Members of, or fitting or voting in, Meoibcn the House of Commons, who have any Pension during Pleasure, or for any Number of Years, or any Offices held in Trust for them.

Mr.

Taft

ty(

bit,

5 Geo. II. 30 — 40 Februarii.

789

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Sandys took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Sandys reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nino of the Clock.

Vienerisy 40 Februarii;

Anno 5* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1731.

Prayers.

Pee*of flRDERED, That Mr. Cholmley Turner, Mr. Harley, Officer* of Sir Thomas Clarke, Mr. John Chetwynd, Sir Thomas the House. Robinson, Mr. Sambroke, Sir Thomas Saunderson, Mr.

Crowle, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Cornwall, Mr Tower, Mr. Thomas Tower, Lord Fane, Sir Wentworth,

Mr. Vyner, Mr. War dour, and Sir Geo. Oxenden, be added to the Committee, who are appointed to inspect, and settle, the Fees, taken by all the Officers and Servants of the House, and to examine, what Salaries, or Allowances, they have from the Government.

D^, A Petition of the insolvent Debtors, confined in the Petition*. County Gaol of Winchester -, and also,

A Petition of the insolvent Debtors, confined in the County Gaol of York; and also,

A Petition of the several Debtors, confined in the County Gaol of Wilts-, and also,

A Petition of the insolvent Debtors, confined in the County Gaol of Stafford:

Were severally presented to the House, and read; complaining, that the late Att, for the Relief of insolvent Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons, has not answered the good Intent of the Legislature: And praying, that a Bill may be brought in, for their Enlargefnent, without Limitation of Sum, upon the Delivery of their All, under any Penalty, or otherwil'e to be relieved, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petitions do lie upon the Table.

Trade to Mr. Dockminique, from the Commissioners for Trade

Sugar Co. and Plantations, presented to the House, pursuant to their lonie*. Address to his Majesty, Copy of such Representatious,

and Papers, which have been laid before the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations since the last Session of Parliament, relating to the Dispute between his Majesty's Sugar Colonies and the Northern Colonies in America; together with a List of them.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Copies do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of this House.

The said Copies are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Firton A Petition of John Brougham, Peter Brougham, Harbour. Humphry Seahottfe, and Richard Gilpin, Esquires, Michael Simpson, Carlisle Spedding, Joseph Richmond, Peter Walker, William Graham, Matthew Jackson, Joseph Steel, Nathanael Lowes, and Thomas Lowfon, Gentlemen, Trustees for rebuilding the Pier and Harbour of Parton, in the County of Cumberland, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, that by an Att of Parliament, made in the Eleventh Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled,

" An Act for rebuilding the Pier and Harbour of Parton,

" in the County of Cumberla," of which Att the Petitioners were appointed Trustees, a Duty was laid upon all Vot. SI.

Coals, shipped on board any Ship or Vessel in the raid Harbour, and upon other Goods, for the Tern of F f-teen Years, to commence from the First Dav of May 1725; and that the Petitioners, pursuant to a Power to them given by the said Att, have bon ..wed the Su n of £.1,000. upon the Security of the said Duties, and applied the same towards rebuilding the said Pier; but that the Continuance of the said Duties for a longer Term, and a Power to borrow a further Sum upon the Security thereof, are necessary to make the said Harbour complete, and capable of receiving more Ships of greater Burthen, which the Trade will require: And therefore praying, that the said Duties may be continued for such longer Term, and the Petitioners impowered to borrow such further Sum, for completing and finishing the said Pier and Harbour, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Morpeth, Sir James Lowther. Sir Wilfrid Lawson, Sir Charles Nicol, Sir James Campbell, Mr Fane, Mr Sandys, Sir Mr.

Vincent, Mr. Burton, Sir Abraham Elton, Mr. Knight,

Mr. Hamilton, Mr. St. ^uintin. Sir Geo. Saunders, Mr.

Moreton, ^ir Jufiinian Iff am, Mr. Conduit, Mr. More,

Sir Nicholas Williams, Lord Mayor of London, Mr.

Thompson, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Bramjlo, Mr. Cartwright, Sir John Williams, Mr. Dockminique, Mr. Allington, Mr.

Bertie, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Mr. Phillips; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Cumberland, Westmorland, Northumberland, York, and; and

all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ir.grossed Bill to naturalize Thomas Malan, and MaWi, Joseph Malan, was read the Third time. "*

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act to naturalize Thomas Malan and Joseph Malan.

Ordered, That Mr. John Hamilton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to naturalize Agnes Couffmaker, was Couflmaker'* read the Third time. Nlt*

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Titlebe,

An Act to naturalize Agnes Couffmaker.

Ordered, That Mr. Vincent do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant Half-par to their Address to his Majesty, A Lift of the reduced Officer*. Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, entitled to receive Half-pay in Great Britain, with an Estimate of the Charge thereof, for the Year 1732.

And the Title of the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Lift do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Lift is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Sir Charles Turner presented to the House (according Supply Bill; to Order) a Bill for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Duties «n Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain &c-

called England, and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year 1732; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Sandys (according to Order) reported from the Disabline Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Persons haymaking more effectual the Laws in being, for disabling Persons from being chosen Members of, or fitting or Member*.*

9 O voting

790

Februarii.

A. 1731.

Supply.

voting in, the House of Commons, who have any Pen-lion during Pleasure, or for any Number of Years, or any Offices held in Trust for them, was committed, the Amendments, the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table j where the Report was read; and the Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House*

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Refo'ved, That thisHoule will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to confi.der further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock*

Lunee, 70 dit Februarii;

Anno 5* Georgii IIdi llegis, 1731,

subscribed, in behalf of themselves and other the Inhabitants of the said County;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; alleging, that the Navigation of the River Dec, from the Sea to the City of Chester, will be of great Advantage to the Inhabitants of the City and County, and Parts adjacent: And therefore praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to recover, and preserve, the Navigation of the said River, in such Manner, as the House shall think meet. Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of a Committee} and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Richard Grosvenor, Mr. Baron Birch, Major Cholmondley, Mr. , Mr.

bell, Mr. Cholmondley, Mr. Byng, Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Mr. , Mr. Owen, Sir

John Barrington, Captain Baker, Captain Purvis, Sir

James Campbell, Lord Vere Beauclerk, Sir Geo.

Mr. Annejley, Mr. Bertie, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir Wilfrid Lazvfon, Mr. Lavjon, Mr. Duckett, Mr. Hamilton, Sir Geo. Cafwalt;and all the Members, that serve for the

Counties of Lancaster, Salop, Stafford, and North And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the proper Officers do lay before this

Salt exported.

Prayers.

THE House bjring informed, that feme of the Commissioners of the Salt Duties attended at the Door, - -

they were called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, an Account of the several Sorts and Quantities of House, pursuant to their Order, foreign Corn, which have been imported into

An Account of all Salt, shipped for Exportation on and from Christmas 1727, to Christmas 1731, as

-Vessels, which did not fail till after the 25th of December a ^ro.m w*iat P*aces» 'nto what Ports, and m what 1730, -with the Times of flipping such Salt on board Quant'ties>4hey have been respectively imported,-and to such Vessels, the Quantify of Salt shipped, and for what what Places re-stripped from thence, distinguHhing each Place entered, and whether the Duty was paid in Money, year> together with an Account of the Duty, that has

vjotided Salt Dutiei.

or secured by Bonds; and also,

An Account of what Bonds, given for the Duties on Salt, are now {landing out, and the Value of each Bond, together with the Dates thereof, and the Names of the Persons, who entered into the same; and a!so,

An Account of the gross and net Produce of the Duties oh home-made Salt, and on Salt imported, for Seven Years, ending at Lady-day 1730, distinguishing each Year.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Recovery of Debt* in Plantations.

Dee

Navigation.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to give Di- .

regions, that the Petition of several Merchants of the City \uai"ted the Hou[e> that his Majesty being informed of oi London to his Majesty, complaining, that, as the Laws the Contents of the said Petition, had been pleased to now stand in feme of his Majesty's Colonies and Planta- command him to acquaint this House, that his Majesty tions in America^ his Subjects of Great Britain are left recommends it to their Consideration, to make such far-without any Remedy for the Recovery of their just Debts, and also the Report of the Lords Commissioners of Trade thereupon, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his'

Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

A Petition of the Mayor, and Citizens, of the City of Chester; and also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, principal the last Session of Parliament, towards the MainTenanccof Traders, Mariners, and Inhabitants, of the City of Chester, the said Forts and Settlements, hath been disposed of whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many Thousands of the said City; and also,

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace for the County of Chester, in the Court of Quarter Sessions for the said County assembled, and of the Grand Jury there, and of the-other Gentlemen, Freeholders, Traders, and Inhabitants, of the same County, whose Names are thereunto

Cm

impend

been paid thereupon.

Ordered, That Mr. Oglethorpe have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Two of the Clock.

And he moved accordingly;

And presented to the House a Petition of the Royal African Company of England; which was read; alleging, that this House having in the last Session, upon full Examination and Consideration of the Trade to Africa, granted the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, towards the Maintenance of the British Forts and Settlements, belonging to the said Company, the said Sum hath been applied accordingly: And therefore, it having appeared to the House, that the said Forts and Settlements cannot be supported, and the Trade preserved, without the Aid of Parliament, praying, that such farther Provision may be made in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet. And Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer having ac-

Africa

Corner.

ther Provision in the Premises, as the House shall think fit;

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Royal African Company do lay before this House, the Establishment for their several Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa, with the Charges thereof, for the Year 1731, distingurlhirtg, how much of the same is on account of Trade, and how much for the Maintenance and Defence of the said Forts and Settlements; and also an Account, how the Money, granted in

Ordered, That Sir Charles have Leave to make

a Motion. jil*

And he moved the House, that the Bill for continuing the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for 1 the

Owze

avigatioot

Debtors

Petition.

Geo. It 7°L — 8° Febr 791

the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-two, might be now read a Second time. Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second time. And the said Bill was accordingly read a Second time.

' Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

. r,

Martis, 8° dieFebruarii; Anno 5" Georgii Ildl Regis, 1731. Prayers.

A PETITION of the Mayor and Commonalty of the City of York; and also,

A Petition of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act " for improving the Navigation of the River , in the County of York*' and all'o of several Merchants, Tradesmen, and others. Citizens and Inhabitants, of the City of Fork, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; Were severally presented to the House, and read; alleging, that the Money, arising from the Tonage Duty, imposed by the said Act, is not sufficient to defray the Expence of perfecting the Navigation of the said River, the said Duty being unequally imposed upon the several Sorts of Goods, specified in the said Act; and that the perfecting of the said Work will greatly tend to the Advantage of Trade in general, as well as of the City of York, and the rest of the Petitioners, in particular: And therefore praying, that this House will take into Consideration the better Regulation of the Tonage Duty, imposed by the said Act upon the several Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, therein specified, according to their respective Values, the better to enable the Petitioners to effect their Undertaking, in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Sands, Mr.

Turner, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Sir

Wilfrid Lawson, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Mr.

Huxley, Lord Vere Bleauelerk, Sir Roger Mr.

Wyndham, Sir Edmund Bacon, Lord Howe, Colonel flow, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Lyddell, Captain Vernon, Mr. Sel-wyn, Sir Wm. Wentworth, Mr. , Mr. St. Quintin,

Colonel Read, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Sir Nathanael

Curzon, Mr. Burton, Mr. PhSir Wm. Clayton, Sir John Rufhout, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Hlfon, Mr. Longueville, Sir Robert Furneffe, Mr. Alli, Sir Wm. Wyndham,

Lord Colerain, Mr. Towers, Sir John Barington, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Mr. Alderman Parsons, Mr. Shafto, Lord Vane, Lord Noel Somerset, Mr. Mr.

Treby, Mr. Scawen, Sir Tho. Mr.

Sir Roger Meredith, Mr. Walpole, Sir Wm. Milner, Mr. Leheup; and all the Members, that serve for the Counties of York, Lincoln, and Nottingham: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petit ion of the poordiftrefied and insolvent Debtors, notir lying in his Majesty's Gaol for the County of Nottingham^v/as pvefented to the House, and read; complaining of the Cruelty of their Creditors, the Difficulty of complying with the Directions of the late Act of Parliament, made for Relief of insolvent Debtors, with Vol. 21.

respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons, and of their dole Confinement, without the usual Allowance of County Bread: And therefore praying, that a Bill may be brought in for their Enlargement, or that they may be otherwise relieved, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Sir Roger Meredith reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Reverend Harrington Bagshaw, Clerk, lleftor of the Parish Church of in the County of Kent, Sir Jacob Ackworth, Knight, Appleby, Esquire, and Samuel Fletcher, Gentleman, and of the Churchwardens, and principal Inhabitants, of the said Town of Woolwich, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and the other Inhabitants thereof* was referred; that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Tabie; where the same was read, and is as follows; viz.

That the Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, bearing Date the 28th of January last, proceeded to examine the Matter of the said Petition.

And the Petitioners, to prove the First Allegation in the Petition mentioned, laid before the Commitfeea Duplicate of the Letters Patents, granted by her late Majesty Queen Anne; whereby it appeared, that her said late Majesty, in regard the Foundation of the said Church at was

in great Danger of being undermined, and funk down'; and the said Church being very ancient, and ruinous, and the Inhabitants not being able to repair and support the fame, did impower the Minister, Churchwarden, and Inhabitants, of the said Parish, to collect and receive the Alms and charitable Contributions of all her Subjects in England, Wiales, and Berwick upon Tweed, to be applied for rebuilding the said Church; and appointed the said. Petitioners, Harrington Bagshaw, Sir Jacob,

Christopher Appleby, and Samuel Fletcher, together with several Persons therein named, or any Five of them, to be Trustees, for putting the said Charity in Execution.

And, upon producing an Account to the Committee, it appeared, that there was collected, by virtue of the said Letters Patents, clear of all Charges, the Sum of^. 1,141. 3*. 11 d. and that Doctor Lindformerly Rector of the said Parish, and then Lord Primate of , had given>

upon Account of the said Charity, the Sum of £. 201. and that there had been received, by several Collections and Benefactions, the further Sum of £. 179.14 a. 8 and that the Principal and Interest, arising from the said Collections and Benefactions, amounted in the Whole to the Sum of £. 2,038. 3 j. 7 */, and that therehad been expended there: out, in the Purchase of a Site, for erecting the said new Church, and in making Six hundred thirty-six thousand of Bricks, and in digging and laying the Foundation thereof, and carrying up the Walls to the Surface of the Ground, the Sum of £. 746. 17 8</.

Then the Petitioners laid before the Committee an Order, made by the Lord Chancellor of Great Britain the nth August 1731; whereby it appeared, that there was

£. 1,110. South Sea Annuity Stock, being Part of the said Trust Money, {landing in the Books of the South Sea Company in the Name of John Smith, Esquire, formerly an acting Trustee, and Treasurer to the said Charity; but the said Mr. Smith dying, and forne of the Trustees having declined acting in the said Trust, and there not being a sufficient Number of Trustees to act therein, the Lord Chancellor, upon Application made to him by the said Petitioners, the acting Trustees, ordered, that Mrs. Smith, his Widow and Executrix, should transfer the said Stock to the said Sir Jacob Ackworth and Christopher Appleby, and that they should receive all Dividends due thereon, and lay out the same in South Sea Annuities, andfpecify the Trust thereof.

And, upon producing a Deed, bearing Date the 30th Day of August 1731, it appeared to the Committee, that the said. Stock has been transferred to the said Sir Jacob

Ackworth

Woolwich

Church.

8° — 9° F

79 2

Ackworth and Christopher Appleby, and that there was £. lao. more South Sea Annuity Stock purchased with the Dividends, so received; and that the said Trust had been specified, according to the said Order.

And it further appeared to the Committee, by the said Accounts, that there is only the said 1,230. Stock remaing of the said Trust Money undisposed of, excepting the Sum of £. 50. 95. in/, remaining in the Hands of the said Trustees Agent.

Mr. Matthew Sr ay. Bricklayer, William Reynolds and John Henjlow, Carpenters, laid before the Committee an Estimate of the Charges for rebuilding the said Church,

A. 1731.

CaBofdt

Hotfc,

The Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Call of the House be further adjourned till this Day Sevennight.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Mem- Chuiik bersto prepare Lifts, to be put into Glades, of Twenty- C«pnu. one Persons Names, to be the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Charitable Corporation, for the Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, is referred;

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, do go with the Mace into Westminster-hall, and

according to the Plan approved of by the late Lord Courj? lhere' and into the Court of Requests, and

Bishop of the Diocese; whereby it appeared, that the said Church could not be rebuilt, and finished, for less than the Sum of £. 5,069.

Mr. Daniel Wijeman. Thomas , Churchwarden

of the said Parish of Woolwich, and Thomas Baker, being severally examined, said, that the old Church is in a very ruinous Condition, and that the Found it ion thereof being very bad, is greatly in Danger of falling, and can't be repaired; and that the greatest Part of the Inhabitants of the said Town consist of Artificers and Labourers, employed in his Majesty's Yanis, who are utterly unable to raise any Money towards nuking good fuih Deficiency, for rebuilding the said Church; and that several of the Inhabitants, by rcaf n of their Poverty, are unable to discharge the Parish Duties; and that the Poor's Rate is never less than is. 8 d.or 2J. 9 in the Pound, and this present Year the Church and Poor's Hate will be 3s. 6 d.

Places adjacent, and summon. the Members there, to attend the Service of the House.

And he went accordingly:

And being returned;

The Clerk and Clerk Assistant went on each Side the House with Glasses, to receive from the Members the Lists of Persons Names, to be the said Committee.

And the Lifts, being received, were brought up to the Table.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to examine the said Lifts, and report to the House, upon which Twenty-one Persons the Majority falls:

And it is referred to Lord Vere Bleauclerk, Sir Adolphus Ought on, Mr. <elwyn, Mr. , Mr.

Mr Gybbon, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir John Rujhtut, Sir

James Campbell, Captain Fenton, Mr. Huxley, Sir Thomas

Robinson, Sir Wm.Wentworth, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Saiidjs, Lord Gage, Mr. Fork, Lord , Mr. Dodington, Mr.

The Reverend Mr. Archdeacon Stubbs, formerly Red! or Mr. Compton, Colonel Bladen, Mr. Crow/e, M:.

-- - -- - Wt Mr. Sir Thomas Aston, Mr. Vane, Mr. Cart-

wright, Mr. Wyndham, Mr. CroJJit, Mr. Conduitt, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Longueville, Mr. how ther, Mr. Pottmgtr, Mr. Vincent: And they are to withdraw irntnediately into the Speaker's Chamber. ‘

of the said Parish, lpoke to the same Effect, in relation to the Circumstances of the Inhabitants of the said Town.

Mr. Daniel Wiseman, being further examined, said, ‘that there is yearly tonfumed in the said Town of Woolwich 1,960 Chaldron of Coais, or thereabouts; and that a very considerable Sum of Money is yearly paid for the said Duty.

Mr. James Deacon, Receiver of the Duties on Coals, imported into the Port of London, and Patrick Farrell, Clerk of the Coal-meters, said, that the said Town of Woolwich is included in the Port of London-, and that Coals, consumed there, pay all Duties to the King, Church, and Orphans, as at London.

Then the Treaiuier to the Commissioners for building the Fifty new Churches, delivered in an Account, dated the 4th Instant; whereby it appeared, that there was remaining in his Hands the Sum of 3,980. 11 id.

Then Alexander Chocke, Esquire, delivered in an Account, of the same Date, being the Produce of the Coal Duty; whereby it appeared, that there was remaining in the Exchequer, of the Fund, appointed for rebuilding

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Main* Payment of the Army, and their Quarters; and that Mr. Secretary at War and Mr. Pelham do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 9* die;

Anno 5* Georgii II41 Regis, 1731.

Prayers.

J

and endowing Fifty new Churches, the Sum of £. 28,640. PETITION of Samuel Baker, George Streatfeild, Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for J

Samuel Storke, and Joseph Lowe, ail of London, Merchants, for and on behalf of the Province of Cola* Fork, one of the British Northern Colonies in America, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, that the Bill, now depending in this House, for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty's Sugar

Corn

exported.

American Acts against felling Rom to Indians.

rebuilding the Church of Woolwich, in the County of Kent, as one of the Fifty new Churches, directed to be built by Two Acts of Parliament, one made in the Ninth, and the other in the Tenth, Year of the Reign of her

late Majesty Queen Anne; and that Sir Roger Meredith, _

Sir Robert Furnefe, Mr. Robert Byng, Sir Charles Wager, Colonies in America, if passed into a Law, will be very Sir Robert Aujlin, and Mr. Papillon, do prepare, and prejudicial to his Majesty's faithful Subjects in all his bring in, the lame. Majesty's Northern Colonies, particularly in the said

Province of New Fork, and will be greatly destructive to Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this the Trade and Navigation of those Parts of the British House, an Account of the several Sorts and Quantities Dominions, as well as to the general Trade and Navi-of Corn, which have been exported, from Christmas 1727, gation of this Kingdom, and will likewise prove very to Christmas 1731, as also from what Places and Ports, injurious to his Majesty's Revenues: And therefore and in what Quantities, they have been respectively praying, that Counsel may be heard for them, against the exported, distinguishing each Year, together with an passing the said Bill, and that they may have such Relief Account of the Bounty, that has been paid thereupon. in the Premises, as to the House shall ieem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, Ordered, That the Commissioners for Trade and Plan- until the Bill for the better securing and encouraging the tations do lay before this House, all Acts of his Majesty's Trade of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America, be read Colonies of New York, New England, and Virginia, which a Second t ime; and that the Petitioners, if they think fit, have been transmitted to them, made for preventing the be the© heard by their Counsel, against the said Bill. Sale of Run# to the Indians. 20 . ;. The

In

5 Geo. II. — 10° 793

Ways The Order of the Day for the House to resolve itself and Mean*. into a Committee of the whole House, to qonfider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, being read;

Ordered, That an Account of the several Contracts, made by the Commissioners for victualling his Majesty's Navy, for Salt, and the respective Prices paid for the lame, during Three Years, to lad, distinguish-

ing each Year, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That a Return to the Order of this House, of the 27th of January last, for an Account of the Money, which has been paid into his Majesty's Exchequer, of the Produce of the Salt Duty, from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the last Ten Years, distinguish-ing each Year, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That an Account of all Salt, shipped for Exportation on Vessels, which did not fail till after the 25th December, 1730, with the Times of shipping such Salt on board such Vessels, the Quantity of Salt shipped, and for what Place entered, and whether the Duty was paid in Money, or I'ecured by Bonds, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That an Account of the gross and net Produce of the Duties on home-made Salt, and on Salt imported, for Seven Years, ending at , 1730, distinguish-

ing each Year, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That an Account of what Bonds, given for the Duties on Salt, are now (landing out, and the Value of each Bond, together with the Dates thereof, and the Names of the Pirfons, who entered into the fame, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House rel'olved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Turner also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Re/o/ved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 1 o° Februarii;

Anno 5* Georgii II41 Regis, 1731. Praters.

lion r I ' H E House being informed, that Mr. Oxen/ord, imported. JL from the Commi ffioners of the Customs, attended at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of what Quantity of Pig Iron has been imported into England, from , 17 20, to Christmas,

1730, distinguishing each Year, and Places from whence imported, and what Duties are payable thereon; and also, An Account of what Quantity of Bar Iron has been imported into England \from , 1720,10

mas, 1730, distinguishing each Year, and Places from whence imported, and what Duties are payable thereon. And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Vo l. 2L

A Petition of the Mayor and Commonalty of the City Hawkers of York-, and also, a».4PwUr».

A Petition of several Merchants, Tradesmen, Citizens, and others. Inhabitants of the City of York;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; complaining of the Practices of Hawkers and Pedlars, who, by travelling through the Kingdom with Goods, of different Sorts, and peculiar to distinift Trades, by lodging in the Suburbs, and privileged Places, of Cities and Towns, exempt from the Jurisdiction thereof, and by frequently removing from one Place lo another, avoid the chargeable Offices, and the Payment of the Taxes, which the Petitioners are subjetft to: And therefore praying, in regard that such Practices tend greatly to 1 he Prejudiced his Majesty's Revenues, and of the ancient Riglfts and Privileges of all Corporations, and to the Ruin of the Petitioners, and their Families, and of all fair Traders within this Kingdom, that this House will take their same into Consideration, and prevent those very great Abuses in Trade, which daily increase by the Practices aforesaid, in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petitions do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of Richard Partridge, Agent for the Colony Trade«f

of RhodeIJlartd and Providence Plantations, and also Agent *"£ar

for the Province of New Jersey, »n ,was presented 0 eulcs*

to the House, and read; alleging, that the Bill, now depending before this House, for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of Lis Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America, if passed into a Law, will be very prejudicial to the King's (kithful Subjects in his Northern Colonies, particularly in Rhode Island and Providettce Plantations, and New Jersey, aforesaid: And therefore praying, that the said Colony and Province may be excepted out of the said Bill, or that he may be heard, in their behalf, by himself, or Counsel, against passing thereof, or thac they may have such other Relief in the Premises, as shall be thought just and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America be read aSecond time;and that the Petitioner, if he think fit, be then heard by himself, or Counsel, against the said Bill.

The House being informed, that Mr. Turbill attended Derwentw*. at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented ter's tlUte. to the House (according to Order) Copies of all Pro* ceedings. Papers, and other Instruments, in his Custody, relating to the Sale of the Estate of , late Earl of Derwentwaler together with a List of them.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Copies do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Turbill be again called in, and asked, if he has the original Minute Book, in which are contained the Proceedings, relating to the Sale of the Estate of James, late Earl of Derwentwaler.

And he being called in, and asked accordingly, did acquaint the House, that he had brought with him the original Minute Book, in which are contained the Proceedings, relating to the Sale of Part of the Estate of James, late Earl of Derwentwaler j and that the same was-in the Lobby.

And he being directed to go out, and bring the said Book into the House, did accordingly go out, and bring in the lame; which was brought up to the Table.

And then he withdrew.

Memorandum: The said Copies of the Proceedings,

Papers, and Instruments, and also the Minute Book, were delivered back, pursuant to an Order of the House, of the 27th of April, 1732.

Ordered, That Mr. Turbill do lay before this House, all the original Minute Books, which are in his Custody, relating to the Sale of the forfeited Estates.

9 P Mr.

Recovery of Debts in Plantations.

Ways and Means.

794

Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, that their Address.of Monday last, That his Majesty would be gracious-ly pleased to give Directions, that the Petition of several Merchants of the City of Lon, to his Majesty, complaining, that, as the Laws now stand in some of his Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in his Subjects of Great Britain, are left without any Remedy for the Recovery of their just Debts, and also the Report of the Lords Commissioners of Trade thereupon, should be laid before this House, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he will give Directions accordingly.

Sir Orlando Bridgman, from the Commissioners for Trad# and Plantations, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

Copy of a Petition of several Merchants of to

his Majesty, in behalf of themselves, and others, complaining of their not being able to recover their Debts in the Plantations, and higher Duties laid in some Colonies on Merchants residing here, than on Persons of the said Colonies; and also,

Copy ofaRepresentation to his Majesty from the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, upon the Petition of several Merchants of London, complaining, that as the Laws now stand in some of his Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in America, his Subjects of Great Britain have but a precarious or no Remedy for Recovery of their just Debts, and relating to partial Duties in some of the fmd Plantations.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Papers are bound up with the other Papers of this Session,

Sir Charles Turner (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table} where the same were read, and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to his Majesty, the several Duties on home-made Salt, granted to the late King William and Queen Mary by an Act, of the Fifth and Sixth Years of their Reign, for a'lcrm of Years, and afterwards made perpetual, and also the additional Duties on Salt, granted by an Act, of the Ninth and Tenth Years of his said late Majesty King William, and all the Duties chargeable on'home-made Salt in Great Britain, which by an Act, of the Third Year of his present Majesty's Reign, cealed and determined on the 25th Day of December, One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty, be revived, and granted to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for the Term of Three Years, from the 25th Day of March next. One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-two.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Sum of One Shilling in the Pound, and no more, be raised in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-two upon Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Pen-lions, Offices, and personal Estates, in that Part ol Great Britain called England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed-, and that a proportionable Cess, according to the Ninth Article of the Treaty of Union, be laid upon that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

The First Uefoluiion, being read a Second time;

AndaMotion being made, and the Question being put. That the House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That, towards railing the Supply granted to his Majesty, the several Duties on home-made Salt, granted to the late King William and Queen Mary by an Act, of the 5th and 6th Years of their Reign, for a Term ol Years, and afterwards made perpetual, and also the additional Duties on Salt, granted by an Act, of the 9th

io° — 11° Februarii.

A.-isti.

10j.

ji,6.

and 10th Years of his late Majesty King William, and all the Duties, chargeable on home-made Salt in Great Britain, which by an Act, of the Third Year of his present Majesty's Reign, ceased and determined on the 2.5th Day of December, 1730.be revived, and granted to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for the Term of Three Years, from the 25th Day of March next, 1732;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas 5^r‘ m'

tellers for the leas,|Mr P

Tellers for (he Noes,} *T C'""‘

I Mr.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Second Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question puc thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolutions; and that Sir Charles Turner, Mr.

Scrope, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Clayton,

Sir George Oxenden, Sir Wm. Yonge, Mr.

Mr. Til/on, and Mr. Kcljall, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Sandyshave Leave to make a DilibStj Motion, it being Five of the Clock. Perforsi»

And he moved the House accordingly: fro/twtT

Ordered, That the ingrafted Bill for making more Membt.-v effectual the Laws in being, for disabling Persons from being chosen Members of, or fitting or voting in, the House of Commons, who have any Pension during Plea-lure, or for any Number of Years, or any Offices held in Trust for them, be now read the Third time.

And the same was read accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be,

An Act for making more effectual the Laws in being, for disabling Persons from being chosen Members of, or fitting or voting in, the House of Commons, who have any Pension during Pleasure, or for any Number of Years, or any Offices held in Trust for them.

Ordered, That Mr. Sandys do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, n° die;

Anno 5* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1731.

Dac.

lx*

ill.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the insolvent Debtors, confined in the County Gaol of Monmouth-, and also,

A Petition of the insolvent Debtorsj confined in the Gaol in and for the County of Berks-,

Were severally presented to the House, and read; complaining, that the late Act, for the Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons, has not answered the good Intent of the Legislature: And therefore praying, that a Bill may be brought in for their Enlargement, without Limitation of Sum, upon the Delivery of their All, under any Penalty, or otherwise to be relieved, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petit ions do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of Peregrine Fury, Esquire, Agent for his Majesty's Province of South Carolina, one of the Northern Colonies in America, for a in behalf of the said

Province, was presented to the House, and read -, alleging, that the Bill, now pending in this House, for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America, if passed into a Law, will tend greatly to the Impoverishment of his Majesty's faithful Subjects in all the Northern Colonies, and to the Ruin of many Families there, and particularly in South Caroline,

and

Debton

Pedtiotf.

T/tdeol

S«<n

CoU»

5 Geo. II. 11 Februarii. 7p5

and will be very prejudicial to the Trade and Navigation of those Parts of the BrDominions, as well as to the Trade, Navigation, and Revenues, of this Kingdom: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that he may be heard by Counsel, in behalf of the said Province, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in be

read a Second time; and that the Petitioner, if he thinks fit, be then heard by his Counsel, against the said Bill.

PuniAing Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House (accord-

Del'eruon^ *nS to ^rc^er) a for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters; and the same was received.

Lombe'* Mr. Alderman Perry reported from the Committee, to

or whom the Petition of Sir homas Lombe was referred; Orgaozinc that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, together with the Resolution of the Committee thereupon, to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; where the Report and Resolution were read, and are as follow:

That the Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, dated the a8ih of January instant, proceeded to examine into the Matter of the said Petition; and, to prove the Allegations of the fame, called the following Witnesses; viz.

Mr. Daniel Booth, Si k Weaver; who said, that the fine Italian Organzine Silk is a Commodity, absolutely necessary to carry on the Siik Weaving Trade in this Kingdom; and that in Times pall the Merchants have been forced to buy this Organzine Silk with our Money, ready worke I in Italy, for want of the Art of making it here: That, since the Petitioner, Sir Thomas has set

up his Engine, it has reduced the P'ice of Italian Organzine Silk, which is now Five Shillings per Pound cheaper, than it usually used to be, and is now about 20 Cent. cheaper than it has been, at a Medium, for these Twenty Years last pall; and that he has bought as good Organzine Silk, madd by the Petitioners Engine, for 20 a Pound, as he formerly gave 25 s. for; and that there has been a very great Increase of the Siik Manufacture of this Kingdom, since the said Engine was ereCled, and the Price thereof very much reduced: And said, that Org xnzine Silk can't be thrown by Hand, but is now perfectly done by the Petitioner's Engine; and that this Organzine Silk is absolutely necdlary for making the Warp of all fine Silks; and that the Silk, thrown here by the Silk-throwers, is only fit for the Shute; and that, without a constant Supply of this Italian Organzine Silk, the Silk thrown by the Silk-throwers in England could not be used.

And the same Witness, being further examined, laid, that it is but very lately, that the Petitioner has brought his Organzine Silk to Perfection; and that Luftrings, Alamodes, and several other of our Silk Manufactures, are wholly made of this Organzine Silk, and can't be made of any other; and that no Silks can be made by the Weavers of the Siik thrown here by the Silk-throwers, without having a proper Proportion of this fine Italian Organzine Silk, to mix with it, and serve as a Warp to cover the said Silk thrown here.

Then the said Witness produced to the Committee several Samples and Patterns of Organzine Silk, and of the Silks thrown here, and demonllrated the Difference between them; and also produced several Patterns of woven Silks and Sattins, and distinguished to the Committee, what Pa-t thereof was made with the said Organzine Silk, and what with the Siik thrown here by the Silk-throwers; and likewise produced some Patterns of fine Velvet, and Mantua Silks, made intirely with the said Organzine Silk.

Mr. Wm. Seltvyn, who is an Importer of Italian Organzine Silk, and Trader in other Sorts of Silks, laid, that he has imported from Italy great Quantities of the said Voj.. *1.

Italian Organzine Silk, foi* many Years pall, and has known several Mills I'er up, but never knew any that could work the said Italian Organzine Silk to Perfection, as the said Sir Thomas Lombe's Engine does; and that there is great Profit arising to the Nation by bringing over the Silk raw, and working it into Organzine Silk in England.

Mr. Roger Drake, Italian Merchant, laid, that he has bought several Quantities of Organzine Silk in which he always paid for in Money, either by remitting it to Italy, or being drawn upon from thence: That he

has seen the said Sir Thomas Lombe's, Engine, and that there is not such another in England; and that Organzine Silk cannot be thrown by any other Mill; and that the said Engine, he believes, has been the Occasion of lowering the Price of Silk in Italy.

Captain Peter Lekeux, Weaver, being examined, said, that he has imported Organzine Silk from Italy, and has paid for it 27 s.per Pound; but, since Sir Thomas Lombe's Engine has been let up, the Price has been reduced 5 or 6 s. per Pound; and that Sir Thomas Lombe's Organzine Silk is now as good in Quality a; the Italian; which said Organzine Silk is absolutely necessary to make all Sorts of plain and flowered Silks, Gold and Silver Silks, and Brocades; and that the making of such Organzine Silk has not been brought to Perfection by Sir Thomas Lombe above a Year or Two, at most, fie himself having often; before thar Time, found it defective, and complained thereof to Sir Thomas Lomb; and that, without the said Organzine Silk, the Siik Weavers can't make any Piece ot Silk:

And that the said Sir 7 ToomasLombe's Engine employs

our own Poor, in making a new Manufacture in England, and is of great Advantage to the Nation.

Then the Petitioner laid before the Committee his Patent, bearing date the 8th Day of September, 1718; whereby it appeared, that the foie making and using the said Engines, and all Benefit arising the reby, was granted to him for the Term of Fourteen Years:

And likewise produced to the Committee the Law, printed in Italian, and the Translation thereof; whereby it appeared, that the disclosing, or attempting to discover, any thing relating to the making the Engines, or the working the said Organzine Silk, is by the said Law prohibited in Italy, on Pain of Death.

And it further appeared to the Committee, that the said Sir Thomas Lombe has with the greatest Hazard and Difficulty found out those Arts, and brought them here into England, and at a very great Expence of his own Money, and but lately brought the ManulaClure to Perfection.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to the following Resolutions:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a further Term of Years be granted to Sir Thomas Lombe, his Executors, Admindhators, and Assigns, beyond the Term of Fourteen Years, granted to him by his late Majesty King George, for the foie Privilege, Power, and Authority, of exercising, working, making, using, and enjoying, his new Invention of Three Sons of Engines, or Machines, found out, brought into England, and, since the granting of the said Patent, erected by the said Sir Thomas Lombe on the River Derwent, in or near, the Town of Derby, for making Organzine Silk, and all Benefits arising by the said Invention.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Lord Fere Beauclerk reported from the Committee, Charitable who were appointed to examine the Lists of Twenty-one Corporation. Persons Names, to be the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Charitable Corporation, for the Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with fnull Sums,; upon Pledges, at legal interest, is referred, and to report to the House, upon which Twenty-one Persons the Majority falls; that they had examined the same accordingly; and that the Majority had fallen upon the Persons following; viz.

The House intcrpose to prevent a Quaireh

Ways

a&dMcau*

7 96

11* — 140 Februarii.

A. 1731.

Mf. A Merman Perry -

'Thomas Palmer, Esquire -

Mr. AldermaW Barnard The honorable Edward Digby, Esquire The Lord Viscount Limerick -Wat kin Williams Wynn, Esquire William Bromley, junior, Esquire Edward Harley, Esquire - -

Waller Plummer, Esquire -

Samuel Sandys, Esquire -James Oglethorpe, Esquire -The honourable Sir Thomas Sander Jon, Knight

354 34*

329

3*4

3°i joo 294

*94-22 I

221 221

of she Bash - - - - " 2°9

Sir John Rushout, Baronet - - - 204

The Lord Morpeth - - - 202

Thomas Windham, Esquire - - 198

Sir Thomds Robinson, Barortet - - - 193

Jefeph Danvers, Esquire - - - - 188

Thomas Bramston, Esquire - - - 184

Thomas Wimington, Esquire - - - 184

John Conduit, Esquire - - - i8z

John Campbell, or Pembrtkeshire, Esquire - 182

And that it happened, that upon Two of the Lifts there was mentioned only John Campbell, Esquire, and a Questiort arising thereupon, whether it might not be Undeistood to mean any Other John Campbell, Esquire, there being others of those Names in the House; the Committee agreed to fct a Qutere upon those Numbers, and ordered the Fact to be reported to the House, and that the House should be acquainted, that those Votes are included in the One hundred Eighty-two, that are now upon the Lift for John Campbell, of shire, Esquire j and, in case those Two Votes are not allowed, there is an Equality of Votes between the said John Campbell, of P Esquire, and Henry Bromley, Esquire: Which Report he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read.

The Journal, of the 20th of April, 1711, in relation tb the Report from the Committee, appointed to examine the Lists of Commissioners, for examining into the Value of Lands, and other Intertfts, granted by the Crown since the 13th Day of February, 1688, and upon what Considerations such Grants were made, in order to resume the fame, and apply them to the Use of the Publick, being read;

Ordered, That the said Committee, or any Five of them, do meet at Five of the Clock this Afternoon in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to adjourn from time to time, and from Place to Place, as they shall find it convenient; and to report their Proceedings, from time to time, to the House; and to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House being informed, that, from some Words, which had been spoken in the House by Mr. Pelham and Mr. Pulleney, it was apprehended, a Quarrel might ensue; and that Mr. Pulteney was gone out of the House;

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, do go, and summon Mr. Pulteney to attend the Service of the House immediately.

Ordered, That Mr. Pelham and Mr. Pulteney be enjoined not to prosecute any Quarrel, or shew any further Resentment, for what has passed between them in this House.

Then the Serjeant at Arms being returned; and Mr. Pulteney being come into the House; Mr. Speaker acquainted him with the Information, which the House had received in relation to himself and Mr. Pelham, and with the Injunction of the House thereupon: After which they severally flood up in their Places, to explain themselves; but not having given the House Satisfaction, as to their complying with the said Injunction, and it being infilled upon, that they should be more explicit, they flood upon again in their Places, and severally declared, that they would obey the Order of the House.

The Order of the Day for the House to resolva itfel^ 16

info a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, being read;

Ordered, That an Account, shewing, bow the Money, given for the Service of the Year 173', hath been disposed of, distinguished under the t'everal Head', until the 24th Day of January, 1731, and the Part thereof remaining unsatisfied, with the Overplus thereupon, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Sir Charles Turner also acquainted the House, that be was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolveed, That this House will, upon this Day Month, refblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further- of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That tins House will, upon Wtdiejday Morning next, refclvc itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning Scpplyi; next, refblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain, called Scotland, for the Service of the Year 1732.

fC.IK

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary at War have Leave to make a Motion, it being past Four of the Clock. iw,;,-

And he moved the House, that the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters, might be now read the First time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read the First time.

And the said Bill was accordingly read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House being informed, that Mr. at tended

at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented 1 to the House (according to Order) the original Minute Books, relating to the Sale of the forfeited Estates.

Ordered, That the said Books, with that presented to the House Yesterday, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Memorandum: The said Books were delivered back, pursuant to an Order of the House, of the 27

April, 1732.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Luna?, 140 die Februarii;

Anno 50 Georgii IP* Regis, 1731.

Prayers.

MR Scropepresented to the House, pursuant to their Surplus Address to his Majesty,

Surpluses, dated at Lady-day, 1731; and,

Surplusses, stated at Michaelmas, 1731.

And

F«o

end

HotiK

fe

Ch

Ufj

5 Geo. II. 14° Februarii.

And the Titles thereof were read.

Ordered, That the said Surplusses do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Surpluses are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Del>for» A Petition of the insolvent Debtors, confined in the Petitions. Gaol, held at Rothwell, for the Liberty and Honor of Ponttfraft, in the County of York; and alto,

A Petition of the insolvent Debtors in the Gaol of Car-lijle, in and for the County of Cumberland; and also,

A Petition of the insolvent Debtors, confined in the County Gaol for Hereford; and also,

A Petition of the insolvent Debtors, confined in the County Gaol of Derby, and also,

A Petition of the insolvent Debtors, confined in the Castle of Norwich, the common Gaol for the County of Norfolk; end also,

A Petition of the insolvent Debtors, confined in the Poultry Compter, London;

Were severally pretented to the House, and read; complaining, that the late Act, for the Relief of Debtors, with relpe<fl to the imprisonment of their Persons, has not answered the good Intent of the Legislature: And therefore praying that a Bill may ' be brought in for their Enlargement, without Limitation of Sum, upen the Delivery of their All, under any Penalty, or otherwise to be relieved, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petitions do lie upon the Table.

Fees of Offi- Ordered, That the Committee, who are appointed to House *nfPe<^» and settle the Fees, to be taken by all the

Law Officer* Dfficers and Servants of the House, and to examine, Uc. what Salaries, or Allowances, they have from the Government, and to whom the l'everal Lists of Officers, and their Deputies, with the Lifts, Acc-unts, and Tables of Fees, claimed by them, which were laid before this House in the last Session of Parliament, and also the Lifts, Accounts, and Tables of Fees, of the Officers, and Servants, belonging to the Judges of the l'everal Courts in Westminster-hall, and the Circuits, the Affo-ciates, and Clerks of Assize, presented to this House in the Session of Parliament preceding the last, is referred, have Power to report their Proceedings from time to time to the House, as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That Sir Abraham , Mr. Bowes, Mr. Holland, Sir Justinian l, Sir Geo. Saville, Sir Wm.

Milner, Mr. Secretary at War, and Mr. Earle, be added to the said Committee.

Charitable A Petition of the Creditors, whose Names are thereunto Corporation, subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and other the Creditors by Notes and Bonds, of the Charitable Corporation, for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, that the Petitioners have lent large Sums of Money on their Notes and Bonds, at legal Interest only, without any farther Views of Profit without which, as the Petitioners apprehend, the said Corporation could not have been able to have made the Dividends, which they have thought fit to make on their Shares, at the Rate of Ten Pounds per Cent, per Annum, and other considerable Advantages: And complaining, that by unparalleled Frauds, and Mismanagement, the greatest Part of the Capital of the said Corporation has, as the Petitioners have great Reason to believe, been embezzled and consumed, and the Effects belonging to the fame, are thereby become scarce sufficient to answer the Petitioners Demands; and that not the lead Notice has been taken, by the present Managers and Inspectors of the said Corporation, of the said Demands, though Money has been issued out, as the Petitioners are well allured, for other Purposes; and the Goods of the Corporation are in the mean time differed to lie spoiled in their Ware-houses: And therefore praying, that, since they have Vo L. 21.

little or no Prospect of Relief, without the Aid and Assistance of this House, that the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and grant them such Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Proprietors of the Charitable Corporation, for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums, upon Pledges, ar legal interest,- assembled in their general Court, is referred.

The House was moved, that an Act, made in the improvement First Year of King fames the Second, intituled, " An ot'1‘llage.

" additional A<fl for the Improvement of Tillage," might be read.

And the said Act was read accordingly.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to prepare Heads of a Bill, upon the Debate of the House, for the explaining, amending, and making more effectual, the said Act:

And it is referred to Mr. Walpole, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Treby, Mr. , Mr. Townshend, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. Scrope, Mr. Fane, Mr. Earle, M-. Carr,

Mr. IValler, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Shephard, Sir Charles

Turner, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir Geo. CafwaMr. Sir

John Hind Cotton, Mr. Clayton, Sir IVm. Milner, Mr.

Lawson, Mr. Lyddell, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Wynd-kam, Sir TAo. Saunderson, Mr. CroJJe, Mr. Palmer, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Annesley, Mr. Oglethorpe, Mr. Chol-mondley, Mr. P/umer, Mr. Heath cote. Lord Morpeth, Sir Richard Lane, Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Sir IVm.

Yonge, Mr. Wort ley Montagu, Mr. Gybbon, Lord Malpas,

Mr. Bramston, Lord Noel Somerset, Mr. Sir

John Williams: And all, that come, are to have Voices:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber

The House being informed, that the Accomptant of African the African Company attended at the Door, he was called Company, in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, The Establishment of the Royal African Company of England, for their l'everal Forts and Settlements on the Coasts of Africa, with the Charges thereof, for the Year 1731, distinguishing, how much of the fnme is on account of Trade, and how much for the Maintenance and Defence of the said Forts and Settlements} and also an Account, how the Money, granted in the last Session of Parliament, towards the Maintenance of the said Forts and Settlements, hath been disposed of.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Establishment and Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Establishment and Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Establishment and Account, being in one Paper, are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charges of the Royal African Company of England, for the Maintenance of the several British Forts and Settlements, belonging to the said Company, on the Coast of Africa, for the Year 1732, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this Duty of Salt House, an Account of the gross and net Produce of the *n Scotland. Duty of One Shilling a Bushel on Salt, for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from the First of May 1714, to the 25th of December 1730, distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this Foreign Salt House, an Account of the gross and net Produce of foreign Salt outwards and inwards, for that Part of Great

9 Q Britain

798

140 Februarii.

A. 1731<

Britain called Scotland, from the First of May J7i4> to Christmas last, distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That the proper Officers do lay before this House, an Account of what has been paid for the Bounties on Exportation of Fish, Beef, and Pork, from that Part of Great Britain called from the First of

May 1714, to Christmas last, distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account of what Money has been received into the Exchequer in England, from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, since Christmas 1716, distinguishing each Head, and each Year.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account of all additional Salaries, or Pensions, which have been granted to any Officers, or Persons, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, since Christmas 171 6,distinguishing the Sums, and Time.

Fraud* by Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for BanVruptj. better preventing Frauds, committed by Bankrupts; and that Mr. Alderman Barnard, Mr. Alderman Perry, and Mr. Winnington, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Export of Fish.&c.fVoin Scotland.

Receipts into Exchequer from Scotland.

Salaries to Officers in Scotland.

of the Army and their Quartets, might be now read the Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be how read the Second time.

And the said Bill was accordingly read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House proceeded (according to Order) to take Lomki

into further Consideration the Report from the Com-

— - - - imIumO:.

gaui*

Rum

imported.

Foreign Sugars imported into Barbadoes.

Jamaica

RerenucAiS.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account of all Rum, imported into Great Britain from his Majesty's Sugar Colonies and Northern Colonies in America, distinguishing the Place, from whence imported, from Christmas 1720, to Christmas

l73l-

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there may be laid before this House, a Copy of the Act, pa!Ted in Barbadoes, the 21st of March 1715, laying an Imposition, or Duty, on all Sugars, Moiafles, and Rum, imported into that Island, which are not the natural Product, Growth, and Manufacture, of some of his Majesty's Colonies, together with his late Majesty's Order in Council, of the 17th of 1717, confirming the fame, and also the Ninety-sixth Instruction, given to Henry Worsley, Esquire, late Governor of Barbadoes.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that a Copy of an Act, passed in Jamaica, intituled, "An Act for granting a Revenue to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for the Support " of the Government of this Island, and for reviving, " and perpetuating, the Acts and Laws thereof," be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

Sir Charles Turner (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means fjr railing the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House i which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as follows} viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of the Committee, That the Sum of One hundred Twenty-three thousand Five hundred and Eighty Pounds, Two Shillings, and Five Pence Half-peny, granted for the Service of the Year 1731, and not applied for the Service of that Year, be issued and applied towards making good the Supply, granted to his Majesty in this Session of Parliament.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Punishing Ordered, That Mr. Secretary at War have Leave to Mutiny and make a Motion, it being after Two of the Clock.

Desertion. An(1 he m0Ve(J she House, that the Bill for punish-

ing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment

Way* and Means.

mittee, to whom the Petition of Sir Thomas Lombt was referred.

And the Resolution of the said Committee being

O

read a Second time;

Resolved, nemine contradicente, That the House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That a farther Term of Years be granted to Sir his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, beyond the Term of Fourteen Years, granted to him by his late Majesty King George, for the foie Privilege, Power, and Authority, of exercising, working, making, using, and enjoying, his new Invention of Three Sorts of Engines, or Machines, found out, brought into England, and, since the granting of the said Patent, erected by the said Sir Thomas Lombe on the River Derwent, in or near the Town of Derby, for making organzine Siik, and all Benefits arising by the said Invention.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolution, and upon the Debate of the House; and that Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. Gibson, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Walpole, Six Nathanael Curzon, and Mr. Palmer, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to SupplyBC; resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mura, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for granting' to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, to direct that the Deficiency, which Hull be on the 25th o (March 1732, of the Income of the Duties on Malt, granted for the Year.1730, to satisfy Principal and Interest chargeable thereupon, be made good out of the Supplies, granted for the Year 1732.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker returned the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House w.il please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

5 Geo. Il

i 50 Febrmrii.

79 9

r SVatchfield indofure.

Mortis, 15*;

Anno 5* Georgii II'1 Regis, 1731.

PrAYBRS.

A PETITION of George Willoughby, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of in the Parish of

Shrivcnham, in the County of Berks, John Lord Viscount Barrington, of the Kingdom of Owner of Tythe Wool and Lamb there, Mark Stewart Esquire,

Impropriator of the Tythes of the said Parish,

Denton, Esquire, one of the Justices of his Majesty's Court of Common Pleas, Esquire, Thomas

Fairthorpe, and other Owners and Proprietors of Land, lying dispersed in the common Fields, common Meadows, and commonable Places, in aforesaid,

whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of them-l'elves, and other Owners and Proprietors of Land in the said common Fields, and commonable Places, was pre-iented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners have agreed to divide and inclose the said Common Fields, common Meadows, and commonable Places, thereunto belonging, and to assign to the respective Owners and Proprietors thereof their Shares and Proportions, according to their respective Interests therein; and that each of them hath agreed to accept and take such Proportion, so assigned; but that, although the said Division and Inclosure will tend to the publick Good, and be of great Advantage to the several Parties concerned, the same cannot effectually be established, to answer the Intentions of the Persons interested, without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying, that the House will be pleased to give Leave to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Meadows, and commonable Places, aforesaid, in such manner, as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Packer, Mr. Hojle, Mr. St. Quintin, Sir James Campbe, Mr. , Mr.

ville, Mr. Baron Birch, Sir , Mr. IValler,

Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Purvis, Mr. Norris, Mr. Par-Jons, Mr. Rolle, Mr. (F, Mr. , Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Cartw, Mr. Lewen, Sir Clobery Noel, Sir Wm. Wentworth, Lord Noel Colonel

Negus, Mr. 7 'hompfon, Mr. Holland, Mr. Hamilton, Mr.

Bertie, Sir Jeremy Sambrooke, Mr. Bacon, Sir John Hind Cotton, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Talbott, Mr. Harley, Lord Gage, Mr. Bramston, Sir Keyte, Mr. Compton, Mr.

Vernon , and all the Members, that serve for the Counties of Berks, Oxon, and Bucks: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account of the net Produce, into the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the several Branches of the Civil List Revenues, from Michaelmas 1725, to Lady-day 1727, distinguishing each Year, and what has been > received finee Lady-day 1727, on account of what was

due to his late Majesty's Civil List to that Time.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account of what Sums of Money have been received in the Exchequer for the Aggregate Fund, on account of the Surplusses of his late Majesty's Civil Lilt I Revenues, from Michaelmas 17x5, to Lady-day 1727,

distinguishing each Year, and what has been received since Lady-day 1727, on that Account.

ippty Bill; Sir Charles Turner (according to Order) reported from the whole House, to whom the Bill a r' c* for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Vol. 91.

Civil List Revenues*

Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt,

Mun, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-two, was committed, the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the Report was read; and the Amendments being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted

Mr. Dominique, from the Commissioners for Trade and Americao

Plantations, presented to the House, pursuant to their Arts again!? Order, Atts, passed in New York, New England, and Virginia, which have been transmitted to the Com- 0 n missioners for Trade and Plantations for preventing the Sale of Rum to the Indians; together with a Lilt of them.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Acts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Memorandum I The said Acts were delivered back, pursuant to an Order of the House, of the 21 ft of March 1731.

The House being moved, that the Ad, made in the Cottonian Twelfth and Thirteenth Years of King William the Third, Library intituled, "An Act for the better settling and preferring *c the Library, kept in the House at called

" Cotton House, in the Name and Family of the Cottons,

" for the Benefit of the Publick," and also the Ad, made in the Fifth Year of Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act " for the better securing her Majesty's Purchase of Cotton " House in Westminstermight be read;

The laid Acts were read accordingly*

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to view the Cottonian Library, and such of the publick Records of this Kingdom, as they think proper, and to report to the House the Condition thereof, together with what they shall judge fit to be done, for the better Reception, Preservation, and more convenient Use of, the fame.

And it is referred to Mr. Walpole, Mr. Winnington,

Sir Wm. Wyndham, Mr. Attorney-general, Mr. Solicitor-general, Mr. Sandys, Lord Advocate of Scotland, Sir John Rushout, Sir Roger Meredith, Mr. Pulteney, Mr.

Palmer, Mr. Compton, Mr. Trelawny, Mr. Burton, Mr. Arundell, Mr. Edgcumbe, Mr. Mr. Crispe,

Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Leheup, Mr.

Mr. Wortley Mountagu, Sir Charles Mr. Knight,

Mr. Fane, Mr. Polhill, Mr. Lutwycke, Mr. Harley,

Mr. Bramston, Lord Morpeth, Sir Saunderson,

Lord Limerick, Lord Coleraine, Sir John Hind Cotton,

Sir JuJlinian 1/ham, Mr. Rolle, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Thompson, Sir George Mr.

Bacon, Mr. Stanhope, Mr. Byng, Sir Robert Salusbury Cotton, Dr. Clarke, Mr. Kemp, Sir Thomas , Mr.

Clutter buck, Lord Noel Somerset, Mr. Wyndham: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to report their Proceedings from time to time to the House, as they shall think fit , and to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House being informed, that the Accomptant of African the Ajrican Company attended at the Door, he was Company, called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, An Estimate of the Charges of the Royal Ajrican Company of England, for the Maintenance of the several British Forts and Settlements, belonging to

the said Company, on the Coast of AJrica, for the Year

1732-

And then he withdrew.

And

8oo 150 FebruarA. 1731.

And the Title of the said Eftiimte was read.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Member;, of the House.

The laid Estimate is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Anfim Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, that their to Addrefi. Addresses of Yesterday, That his Majesty would be gra-cioully pleased to give Directions, that a Copy of the Act, passed in Barbadoes the 2 lit of March 1715, laying an Imposition, or Duty, on all Sugars, Molasses, and Rum, imported into that Island, which are not the natural Product, Growth and Manufacture, of some of his Majesty'sColonies, together with his late Majesty's Order in Council, of the 17th of October 1717, confirming the fame, and also the Ninety-sixth Instruction, given (o Henry fVorfeley, Esquire, late Governor of and also that a Copy of an Act, passed in Jamaica, int ituled,

" An Act for granting a Revenue to his Majesty, his

" Heirs and Successors, for the Support of the Government of this Island, and for reviving, and pe petuating, " the Acts and Laws thereof," might be laid before this House, had beer, presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he will give Directions accordingly.

Wear A Petition of the Mayor and Aldermen of the City of Navigation. Durham, and the Gentlemen, Tradesmen, and principal Inhabitants, of the said City, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, that the Navigation of the River IVear, in the County of , is not yet completed;

and that the Money, arising by the Duties from Coals and Cinders below New Bridge, by virtue of an Act, made in the Reign of his late Majesty King George, intituled, "An Act for the Preservation and Improvement of the River Wear, and Port and Haven of " Sunderland, in the County of will not be sufficient to complete the Navigation of the said River j and that, for defraying the Expence, amounting to Twenty thousand Pounds, or thereabouts, of making the said River navigable from Mr. s Staiths, below the said new Bridge to the City of Durham, and removing the ObstruCEons in the said River, and deepening the Channel thereof, and making the necessary Locks, Dams, Sluices, Bridges, Hawling-paths, and other Conveniencies, upon the said River, and the Lands and Grounds adjoining thereto, it will be necessary to lay a farther Duty of Tonage upon Coals, Lead, Lime, Stone, Timber, Deals, Raff, Butter, Tallow, and all other Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, loaded or unloaded, or delivered on board any Boat, Keel, Barge, Ship, or Vessel, passing from any Staith or Place upon the said River, between the said Mr. Allan's Staith and the said City of Durham, instead of the Duty of One Shilling and Six Pence per Ton, in the said Art mentioned: And therefore praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to make, and continue, the said River Wear navigable, from the said Mr.

Allan's Staith to the City of Durham, for Boats, Barges, Keels, or other Vessels, of the Burthen of Twenty Tons, with such Powers and Privileges as shall be thought rea-lonable, and that, for the Purpose aforesaid, such Commissioners may be appointed, and such Duties of Tonage may be laid upon the several Commodities, Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, herein before mentioned, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee i and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Solicitor-general,

Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Mr. Oglethorpe,

Colonel Lyddell, Mr. Carr, Mr. Towers, Mr. Crispe, Sir Rowland A'ston, Mr. Bootle, Sir Henry Gough, Mr. Orlebar, Mr. 7reby, Mr. More, Mr. Sir JuJli-ttianIfham, Sir Wm.Myddleton, Str George Savil/e, Mr.

Braniston, Mr. Compton, Lord Noel Somerset, Sir John Hind Cotton, Mr. Holland, Mr. Gape, Mr. Newland, 20

Mr. Hales, Mr. Kemp; and all the Members, that serve for the Counties of York, Durham, and And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir Roger Meredith presented to the House (according WM to Order) a Bill for rebuilding the Parish Church of Woolwich, in the County of Kent, as one of the Fifty new Churches, directed to be built by Two Arts of Parliament, one made in the Ninth, and the other in the Tenth, Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne -, and the same was received.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to consider Wafa the Laws in being, which relate to Measures, used in buy-ing and felling Grain, and forestalling of Markets, and engrossing and regraling Commodities, so far as the same relate to Grain within that Part of Great Britain called England, and what further Provisions may be necessary to be made thereupon.

And it is referred to Sir Wm. Yonge, Sir John Hind Cotton, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Treby, Mr. Fortescue, Mr. Crispe, Sir Henry Gough, Mr. Orlebar, Lord Percival, Colonel Read, \J r. Bramston, Sir Francis Drake, Sir Charles Hot ham,

Mr. Diamond, Mr. Towers, Mr. Gyobon, Mr. Palmer,

Mr. P/yndham, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Henry Bromley, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Attorney-general, Mr. Par/ons, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Earle,

Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr. Tyner, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Oglethorpe, Mr. Docminique, Mr. Potenger, Mr.

Mr. Polhill, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Rolle, Mr. Cartwright, Captain Vernon, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Crowle, Mr. Holland,

Sir Geo. Savile, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Sir Rujhut:

And they are meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber} and have Power to fend lor Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Sandys reported from the Committee, to whom Charirsa

the Petition of the Proprietors of the Charitable Cor- Coijwm. poration, for Relief of industrious Poor, by aflifting them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, assembled in their general Court, is referred; that he was directed by the Committee to acquaint the House. that the Committee had Reason to apprehend, that John Thomson, Warehouse-keeper to the said Corporation, Francis Thomson, David FaikneyThomas Lease, Deputies of the said John Thomson, Richard Woolley,

Warren, John IVainwright, Cashier to the said Corporation, John Venables, Accomptant to the said Corporation,

and Thomas Hodgson, intend to withdrew themselves from Examination; and that he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that the said Persons may be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, in order to their being examined.

Ordered, That the said John be taken into

the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House.

Ordered, That the said Francis Thomson be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House.

Ordered, That the said David Faikney be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House.

Ordered, That the said Thomas Lease be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House.

Ordered, That the said Richard Woolley be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House.

Ordered, That the said Thomas Warren be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House.

Ordered, That the said John be taken in-

to the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House.

03°

Ldx

pfe

Ek'i

fill

Gwi

Hfcds

Mt

5 Geo. II.

15* — 16°

Sot

Call of tie house.

Trade of Sugar Colonic*.

Woolwich

Church.

Ordered, That the said John Venables be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House.

Ordered, That the said Thomas Hodgfan be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House.

Mr. Sandys also reported from the said Committee, that

he was directed by the Committee to move the House,

and to prove the Allegations thereof, Witneies were called; viz.

Mr. William Lellam, who laid before the Committee a

Plan of the Pier at Scarborough, describing the Additions, proposed, and cfefired, to be made to it, said, that the Port of Scarborough is the only Place, capable of receiving Ships, in Distreis of Weather, betwixt Humber and

that such Persons, as the Committee shall think proper Aewcastle, without very great Difficulty; but at present

Lumbers Engine for making Or-ganxine Silk.

to be examined, relating to the Matter of the said Enquiry, may be examined in the most solemn Manner.

Ordered, That the said Committee be empowered to examine, in the most solemn Manner, such Persons, as they shall think proper to examine upon the Subject-matter of their Enquiry.

The Order of the Day, That the Call of the House be further adjourned to this Day, being read;

Ordered, That the Call of the House be further ad* joumed to this Day Fortnight.

The Order, for reading a Second time the Bill for the better securing, and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America, being read;

Counsel were called in.

And the Bill was read a Second time;

And the several Petitions, which had been presented to the House, against the Bill, were also read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners were heard, and examined several U'itnesses.

And then the Counsel were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further hearing of Counsel, upon the said Bill, be adjourned until Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Earle be added to the Gentlemen, appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Resolution of the Committee, to whom the Petition of Sir Thomas Lombe was referred, and upon the Debate the present Pier.

Ships of considerable Burthen, laden, can't venture m, but near the Tops of Spring Tides, and Ships of lesser Burthen, about an Hour and an Half before high Watety and an Hour and an Half after: That, in caie the said Addition be made to the said Pier, as desired, near Seven Foot Water will be gained in the Harbour; and then Ships, which at present can come in only at Three Quarters Flood, and until a Quarter Ebb, may come in Four Hours and Half before high Water, and Four Hours and Half after high Water; and the largest Ships laden now, belonging to the Coal Trade, may then safely enter-the Harbour: That the present Pier being veryTmall, and so full of such Ships as are laid up in the Winter Season, it is almoll impossible then to get in; but, after the proposed Addition shall be made, there will be room for near Two hundred Sail of Ships more.

That the same Witness laid before the Committee an Estimate of the Expence of making the proposed Addition, which amounts to £.11.490. 4*. and laid, that the desired Addition was Four hundred and Forty Foot in Length, the greatest Part of which to be built Six Foot, and upwards, in the Water, at low Water, and to be Twenty Yards broad at the bottom, Ten at the Topi and Thirty-live Foot high, and to be built all with Slone.

1 hat the Petitioners laid before the Committee a List of a great many Ships, saved by the Harbour, and of others loft, for want of a sufficient Depth of Water within

of die House.

Frauds by Bankrupt.*,

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 160 die,

Anno 5* Georgii a" Regis, 1731.

Praters.

A BIL L for rebuilding the Parish Church of Woolwich, JTjL in the County of Kent, as one of the Fifty new Churches, directed to be built by Two A fits of Parliament, one made in the Ninth, and the other in the Tenth, Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, w as read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Alderman Barnard presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for preventing Frauds, committed by Bankrupts; and the same was received^ and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

And Mr. IVm.Othie, a Trinity-house Pilot, Richard Wolfe, Joseph Harcley, and Mr. George Whitehead, w ho have been Masters of Ships many Years, being severally examined, said, they remembered the several Cafes of the Ships, mentioned in the Lift; but that Lift did not contain above a Tenth Part of the Ships, laved by that Harbour, or that were loft near it, for want of more Water within it: And said further, that they verily believe, most of the Ships, so loft, might have been saved, had the Pier been built out so far as is now proposed.

And George Whitehead added to his Evidence, that his Ship, and Sixteen more, were at one time loft, or forced on Shore, w'hich might have been prevented, had the Pier been as large as it is now desired to be made.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Pier and Harbour of Scarborough, in the County of York; and that Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Thompson, of Scarborough, and Mr. Thompson,

York, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Scarborough

Harbour.

Mr. Sandys reported from the Committee, to whom the Charitable Petition of the Proprietors of the Charitable Corporation, Corporation, for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, assembled in their general Court, is referred; that he was directed Mr. Secretary at War reported from the Committee, to by the Committee to move the House, that the Serjeant

a A V. 1 Am /\1< a /Vv mm _ a. A _ ai _ A 1 f T T 1 _ _ Jl 1 a. _ 4

whom the Petition of the Bailiffs, Coroners, Conservators of the Piers, Common-councilmen, Trustees of Trinity House, Mailers and Owners of Ships, and other Inhabitants, of the Corporation of Scarborough, in the County of York, was referred; that the Committee had examined ,the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it iu at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as follows; viz.

That the Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, dated the Third Day of inltant,

proceeded to examine the Matter of the said Petition;

Vo x,. 21.

at Arms, attending this House, be ordered to bring to tire Committee, from time to time, such Persons, as were ordered into his Custody, in order to their being examined, as often as the Committee shall think fit to require the feme.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House,. do bring to the said Committee, from time to time; such Persons, as were Yesterday ordered into hia Custody, in order to their being examined, as often as the said Committee shall think fit to require the fame.

Mr. Secretary at War acquainted the House, that he Widow* of had received his Majesty's Commands to lay trefore this Half Pa7

— "" Officer*

9R

House,

Supply.

Puoishing Mutiny and Defer lion.

Hum imported.

Debtor* Petitions.

Hat Manu-

802 1 6° — 170 Februarii. ^.1731.

House, a List of the Widows of such reduced Officers of selves, and all the Hat-makers of Great Britain, was his Majesty s Land Forces and Marines, who died upon presented to the House and read; complaining, that fee the Establishment of Half-pay in Great Britain, and who Inhabitants of the Plantations in America, being supplied were married to them before the 25th Day of December with Beaver Skins at let Expence than the Petitioners, 1716, with an Estimate of the Charge thereof for the have been induced to set up a Manufacture of Hats, and Year 1732. are thereby enabled, not only to supply the foreign Mar-

And Mr. Secretary at War presented the said Lift to kets, but even to fend over Hats Britain, to the

the House accordingly. great Prejudice of the Petitioners, and the Manufacture

And the Title thereof was read. of this Kingdom; and therefore praying that the House

Ordered, That the said Lift do lie upon the Table, to will.take the Pretnifes into Consideration, and provide be perused by the Members of the House. feme Remedy, to prevent the Inhabitants of the said Plan*

The said Lift is bound up with the other Papers of this tations from exporting any Hats, of the Manufacture of Session. the said Plantations, to any Place whatsoever; which will

increase the Customs and Navigation of this Kingdom, The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself and set to work great Numbers of poor Families here, into a Committee of the whole House. to consider further and enable the Petitioners to revive the said declining

of the Supply granted to his Majesty, being read;

Refotved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The House (according to Order) relblved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for punish* ing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of :the Army and their Quarters.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Secretary at War took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Secretary at War reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House being informed that Mr. Oxetiford, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, An Account of all Rum, imported into England from his Majesty's Sugar Colonies and Northern Colonies in America, distinguishing the Place from whence imported, from 1720, to

Christmas 1731.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Account is bound up with the other Papers

of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

yovis, 170 die Februariiy

Anno 50 Georgii 2di Regis, 1731.

Pkay Bits'.

A PETITION of the insolvent Debtors, confined in the County Gaol of Essex; and also,

A Petition of the insolvent Debtors, confined in the County Gaol of Lincoln;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; complaining, that the late Act, for the Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons, has not answered the good Intent of the Legislature: And therefore praying, that a Bill may be brought in for their Enlargement, without Li- initation of Sum, upon the Delivery of their All, under any Penalty, or other wise to be relieved, as to the House shall feetn meet.

Ordered, That the said Petitions do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Matter, Wardens, and Aftrstants, of the Company of Fcltmakers, London, in behalf of them-

Trade; and that the Petitioners may have such Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall teem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Barnard, SnCharlet Turner, Sir Ji m. Strickland, Mr. Mr.

Captain Vernon, Mr. York, Mr. Sir JVm. Went-

worth, Mr. Totcnjhend, Mr Gould, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Wlr.Clutterbuck, Lord Palmerston, Sir John liujhout, Mr.

Gregory, Mr. Martin, General IVade, Mr. Burton, Mr.

Edu ards , Sir John Hind Cotton, Mr Mr.

Mr. Walpole, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Sir

Geo. Saville, Sir Nathanael CuMr. Mr. Holland, Mr. Rowncy, Sir Robert Abdey, Mr. Semen,

Mr. Bramston, Major Compton, Lord Percival, Sir JVm. Lorether; and all the Merchants of foe House:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of foe Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and luive Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Sandys reported from the Committee, to whom the Chriallt Petition of the Proprietors of the Charitable Corporation, CofPomtt for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal interest, assembled in their general Court, is referred; that he was directed by the Committee to acquaint the House, that John Accomptant to the said Corporation, w ho was taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, in order to his being examined, had been examined by the Committee, and had behaved himself fairly and candidly; and that he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that he be discharged out of Custody.

Ordered, That the said John Venables be discharged out of Custody, without payhig any Fees.

Lord Morpeth reported from the Committee, to whom Partoo Hu-the Petition of John Brougham, Peter Brougham, Hum-

phry Seahouse, and Richard Gilpin, Esquires, Michael

Simpson, CarlijleSpedding, JoJ'eph Richmond, Peter

Walker, William G raham, MatthJackfon, Joseph Steel,

Nathanael Lou ts, and Thomas Lowfon, Gentlemen, Truf-teos for rebuilding the Pier and Hartieyr of Parton, in the County of Cumberland, was referred; that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Tabic; where the feme was read, and is as follows; viz.

That the Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, dated the 4th Day of February instant, proceeded to examine the Matter of the said Petition; and, to prove the Allegations of the feme,

The Petitioners laid before the Committee an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for rebuilding the Pier and Harbour of Parton; whereby a Duty was laid, upon all Coals, shipt on board any Ship or Vessel in the said Harbour* and upon ether Goods, for the Term of Fifteen

Years,

GuiV

tfRcc

ill's

Ik'.

Wit

Nb,j

iryi

<i'cx

Ki

'Ill

5 Geo. II.

If Februarii.

80$

Years, from the First Day Of 1725; and Trustees named in the said Act, were impowered to borrow any Sum of Money, not exceeding £.2,000. upon Credit of the said Act.

Then the Petitioners called

Mr. Henry Frame, who laid before the Committee a Plan of the said Harbour; and said, that the Harbour is very dangerous for Ships to (ail in, when the Wind is Wel'terly, there being several Rocks, and great Quantities of loose Stones, lying just in the Entrance of the said Harbour, which ought to be taken away:

That this Harbour is now capable of receiving several small Ships, but, if the Foot of the Pier was lengthened Forty Yards, it would be capable of receiving more Ships, and such as were of greater Burthen; but such Addition to the Length of the Pier cannot be made, unless the said Duties be continued and made payable for a longer Term, sand Power given to the Trustees to borrow a further Sum upon Security thereof.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term granted by an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for rebuilding the Pier and Harbour of Far ton; and that the Lord Morpeth and Sir James Lord her do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

treat Mar- Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this *» Return. House Tomorrow Morning, with the Return for the Borough of Great Marioin the County of Bucks.

>ewent-

r's

Hate.

Ordered, That Mr. Tdo attend this House Tomorrow Morning, with the Books of Contracts of the forfeited Estates, the Books, in which the Conveyances of the forfeited Estates arc entered, die Two original printed Particulars of the Estates of the late Earl of Der-went water, let up to Sale the 1 ith o(July 1723, and the original printed Particular of Mr. Charles Madeline's Annuity of £.200.

tejoUeonof Mr. Winnington presented to the House (according to ‘ilots, See. Order) a Bill for the better Regulation and Government of Pilot#, licensed by the Corporation of of

Deptford Stroud, in the County of , and to prevent Mischiefs and Annoyances upon the River of Thames, Uelow London Bridge; and the linne was received, and read the First time.

llefolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Appeals be-ore Justices if Peace.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to oblige the Justices of the Peace, at their Quarter Sessions, to proceed to determine Appeals to them, according to the Merits of the Cafe, notwithstanding Defe6ts of Form in the original Proceedings, and to make such Determination final, and not removable by Certiorari;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Question, by leaving out those Words, at the End thereof " and to make such Determination final, and not reinovable by Certiorari."

And the Question being put, That the Words stand Part of the Question;

The House divided: The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas, Tellers for the Noes,

Qualification 01 Juihcei of Peace.

Mr. Vane,

Mr. John Chetuynd,

Mr.

Mr. Burton:

So it pafi'ed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to oblige the Justices of the Peace, at their Quarter Sessions, to proceed to determine Appeals to them, according to the Merits of the ( 'ale, notwithstanding Defects of Form in the original Proceedings; and that Mr. Sairdys, Sir George Saddle, Mr. Cholmondley TurMr. Wyndham,

Mr. Winnington, and Sir Nathanael Curzon, do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, nemine contradiccnteJThat Leave be given to Vol. 31.

bring in a Bill for the further Qualification of Justices of the Peace; and that Mr. Bramston, SxtJohn Cotton,

Mr. Winfprd, Mir. Sandys, Mr. Wyndham, and Mr.

Brou n, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Gyles Eyre, Esquire, have Leave to go Leave of into the Country, for the Recovery of his Health. Absence.

Sir Charles Turner presented to the floufe (according Supply Bill j to Order) a Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax* Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven. hundred and Thirty-two; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Mefohed, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of several Merchants; Masters and Owners Ballast fron of Ships, trading on the River of Thames, whose Names the ThuM, are thereunto lUbscribed, in behalf of themselves, and &c* '

other Merchants, Masters and Owners of Ships on the said River, was presented to the House, and read; complaining, that the Matter, Wardens, and Assistants, of the Trinity-house of Deptford Stron in the County of

Kent, have for several Years neglected to carry any . Ballast on Shore to be dried, and to provide lighters, sufficient for the ballasting of Ships in the said River, and have compelled the Masters of Ships to pay their whole Tonnage for Ballast, before any Part of it has been delivered, and either have not delivered to them the Quantity of Ballast contrafted for, or have delayed (I16 Deh-very thereof, and have compelled them to pay for their own Goods, as Ballast, to the great Prejudice of the.Navigation in general, and especially of Coasters, and Col-, liers, who often shift their Ballast, aid make frequent

Voyages, contrary to the Conditions, and Covenants, contained in the Charter of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, bearing Date the Twenty-fourth Day of June, in the Seventeenth Year of his Reign, and in- the Letters Patents of his late Majesty King the Second, bearing Date the Eighth Day of July, in the First Year of hislieign, confirming the said Charter, by-which the Office of Laltage and Ballastage of Ships is granted to the said Matter, Wardens, and Assistants, exclyfive of all others, in Trust, for decayed Seamen, their Wives,

Widows, and Orphans: And therefore praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the more ef-' feftual cleansing the said River from Shelves, which ob-' struft the Navigation thereof; for the better reforming the Practices of the said Matter, Wardens, and Assistants;

'for ascertaining the Weight, or Measure, and the Prices, of such Ballast; and for the better securing the Lives of the Seamen; and that' the Petitioners, and all other Merchants, Matters and Owners of Ships or Vessels, trading on the said River, may have full and free Liberty to employ their Shipping to the heft' Advantage, without Restraint of the said Matter, Wardens, and Assistants, or - -Payment to them of any Tonnage for the Goods and Merchandizes to be put on board; or that the Petitioners may be relieved in such manner, as to the House shall them meet. - ,

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Carr, Sir William Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Winnington, Sir Charles

ner, Sir Charles Wager, Mr. Earle, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Mr. Alderman Ferry, Sir George Saddle, Sir Meredith, Lord Micklethwaite, Mr. Crowle, Mr. Thompson, of York, Mr. Vyuer , Mr. TreMr. Furne/fe,

Mr. Thompfin, of Scarboi'ough, Colonel Negus Mr.

Baker, Mr. Conduit, Mr/ Pelham, Sir William Wtllys,

Mf Fotenger, Lord Vere Beauclerk, Mr. Stewart, Mr.

Campbell; and all the Meiftbers that serve for tho Coast Counties, and the Sea Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon1, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records

Mr.-

&>4

17* — 18°

A. 1731.

Manafaftarw Mr. Oodkminique, frdfn the Commissioners <rf Trade i<» America. aIMj Plantations, presented to the Hotrfe, pursuant to their Aridreis to his Majesty, the Reprefeftt&tion of the Commissionere for Trade and Plantations to the honourable the Commons of Great Britain, in Answer to their Ad-drefies to his Majesty, on the 5th of May, and of the 15th of January taft, relating to Lav b made in the Plantations, Manufactures let up, and Trade carried on, there, which may affect the Trade, Navigation, and Manufactures, of this Kingdom.

And the Title thereof was read.

Ordered, That the said Representation do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Representation is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Secittary at War (according to Order) reported from the Committee of die whole House, to whom the D*te°08* Bill for pmrishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to re* port to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the Amendments were once read throughout, mid several of them, being read a ' Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be acjjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

trade of The House proceeded (according to Order) to the fur-Sugar Colo- ther hearing of Counsel, upon the Bill for the better * securino and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty s

Sugar Colonies in America.

And the Counsel were called in.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners were further heard; and examined several other Witnesses, and went through their Evidence.

And then the Counsel were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further hearing of Counsel, upon the said Bill, be further adjourned until Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V eneris, 18° Februarii 9

Anno 50 Georgii 2il Regis, 1731.

Prayers.

Wear A P ETITIO N of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Coal-fclavigation. ,/~V fitters, and other Inhabitants of the Town of Sunderland near the Sea, in the County of Durham, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, that the Navigation of the River Wear, which flows by the said Town, from Mr. Allan's Staiths, to the City of Durham, will tend greatly to the Advancement of Trade in general, as well as of the Coal Trade in particular, and will be of great Advantage, not only to the said City of Durham, and Town of Sunderland, but also to the adjacent Country: And iherefore praying, that the House will take the same into their Consideration, and give Leave that a Bill may be brought in, for making the said River Wear navigable from the said Mr. Allans Staiths, up to the said City of Durham, with proper Powers for that Purpose.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the- Petition of the Mayor and Aldermen of the City of Durham, and the Gentlemen, Tradelinen, and principal Inhabitants, of the said City, is referred.

Oxoa Uni- Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to versity Writ, the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgeft, to serve in this present Parliament for the University of Oton, in the room of W'dtim Brom-

ley, Esquire, deceased.

A Petition of the insolvent Debtors, confined in the Debtan City Gaol of Brijloi, was presented to the House, and read; complaining, that the late A fit, for the Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their Pa-fons, has not answered the good Intent of the Legislaturc And therefore praying, that a Bill may be brought in for their Enlargement, without Limitation of Sum, upon the Delivery of their AM, under any Penalty, or otbenrife to be relieved, as to the House shall feetn meet And the said Petition was ordered to lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Patent granted to SirThmatLomk, for the foie making and using Engines, for the making of Pact Organzine Silk, be laid before this House.

An ingrafted Bill for continuing the Duties upon Malt, SipphB; Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Britain D"* called England, and for granting to tits Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-two, was read the Third time.

Rejoined, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be,

An Act for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-two.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Turner do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being informed that Mr. Turbid attended Dm* at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented mti to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Particular, or Rental, of Part of the Estate oUamts, late Earl of Derwentwater, in Northumberland, set up to

Sale the 11 th Day of July 1723; and also,

A Rental of the Estates, late Lord Denvenlrcata's, in the Counties of Northumberland andy set up

to Sale the 1 ith Day of July 1723; and also,

A Particular of Charles Radcliffes Annuity of £. 200. and Arrears; and also,

The Book, in which are contained the Contracts signed by the respective Contractors, for the Purchase of the forfeited Estates; and also,

The Books, in which the Conveyances, made to the several Purchasers of the forfeited Estates are entered: Together with a List of them.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Particulars, Rentals, and Boob, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Memorandum: The said Particulars, Rentals, and Books, were delivered back, pursuant to an Order of the House, of the 27th of April \ 732.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Thomas Bam and Mr. EUle:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Miia'ife to naturalize Thomas Malan, and Joseph Malan, with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House; and also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act LocfauO to naturalize Leonard Lockman, Esquire, without any N* Amendment

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Turbill was again called in, and examined coo- Denes-coming the Books and Papers, relating to the Sale of the mw'i forfeited Estates, and his Attendance at the Sales of the £*J"-said Estates.

And then he withdrew.

13. Mr-

Did

up

00!

Cm

in

Dm

M

t-

5 Geo. II.

i 8° — -i i°

8o

I*

3

i, S s

hariuble Mr. Sandys reported from the Committee, to whom ^orporwion. the Petition of the Proprietors of the Charitable Corpo--1 r, ration, for Relief of iiidufirious Poor, by assisting the m

"t*. ' ' with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, aft'emMed

i;.'> -in their General Coart, is referred; that the Committee,

-i having Reason to apprehend, that David Avery, whto has

been mtruftad with a great Quantity of the Effects be-

longing to the find Corporation, and is a material Wil-nefi to be examined by the Committee on tijie Subject-t matter of thfefr Enquiry, intends to witltdraw himictf from

Examination; had directed him to move the House, that the said David Avery be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, in order to his t being examined.

Ordered, Hiat the said David Avery be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House.

ken Msr- The Clerk of the Crown attended (according to Order) w Act ora. with the Return for die Borough of Great in the County of Bucks.

And the said Return was read ;-by which Jm, Ffnuire, is returned a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough.

Then Mr. Sandys reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Proprietors of the Charitable Corporation, f<: is referred; that he was directed by the Committee to acquaint the House, that the said George Robin/bn, Esquire, is charged before them with great Frauds, and Breaches of Trust, committed against the said Corporation.

And Notice being taken by the House, that the said George Robinson, Esquire, had uot been yet introduced into the Houi'e.

Ordered, That George Esquire, a Member

of this House, do attend the Service of the House on Tuesday next.

Ztawnittees. Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of die House.

The House proceeded (according to Order) in the further Consideration of the Report from the Committee of the whole Hattie, to whom the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters, w as committed.

And the rest of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, were severally read a Second time, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the liouie; and an Amendment w as made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered \That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrafted.

Tafe of The House proceeded (according to Order) to the SagwColo- further hearing of Counsel, upon die Bill for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America.

And die Counsel were called in.

And Counsel were heard in favour of the Bill, and examined several Witnesses.

And then the Counsel were directed to withdraw. ! Ordered, That die further hearing of Counsel, upon the said Bill, be fordier adjourned till Wednesday Morning

Mniov and Dcfctnoa.

next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of die Clock.

' V-0V

Vo l. 21.

Luna, 21® die Februarii;

Anno 5* Georgii 2<l Regis, 1731.

Pit AYE BIS.

APET.ITION of William Sheppard, Esquire, Fran- Little

his Loggin, arid Thomas Mander, Gentlemen, Truf-

tpes and G uardians of Edward Rent ley, Esquire, a n 1 nfant, lnc 0 Uie* Ixird of the Manor, of Little Kineton, in the County of IFarrvick, Impropriator and Owner of all the Corn and great Tythes, and of all the vicarial and other Tythes, within the said Manor or Township of Little Kineton aforesaid, and Patron of the Vicarage of the Parish Church of the said Town, Thomas Neztsham, Esquire, Thomas Venour,

Gentleman, John Ehorne, Edward Smith, William rail; Thomas Worralt, Janus WorraU, Francis Faulkner,

William Ilorfeman, Samuel liitchcox, Timothy

bel Pidgeon, Widow* Humphry Norton, Elizabeth -

pace, Elizabeth Davis, RtdutrdfonSavage, and Richard Simpking, on die behalf of themselves, and others, the rest of the Land-owners in the said Manor or Township, was presented to the House, and i fead; setting forth, That the said Edu ard Bentley, and die relt of the Petitioners, being Owners of several Parcels of Land, lying dispersedly, and intermixed with each other, and uninclosed, in the Common Fields, Common Meadows, mowing Grounds, and iu die Holt or Cow Pasture, Commons, and Waste Ground, there, have agreed for die exchanging, inclosing, and reducing into Severalty, their respective Shares of the Pre-mises by Allotments, upon a Survey thereof; but that such Inclosure and Partition, cannot be effectually made, without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying, that the House will give Leave, for bringing in a Bill for the Purposes aforeikid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine die Matter thereof, and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House: '

And it is referred to Mr. Compton, Mr.

Air. Bacon, Mr. Thompson of York, Mr. Sir

Francis Drake, Mr. Ryng, Mr. Owen, Mr. Bromley,

Mr. Campbell, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Cunningham, Mr. Gre-

gory, Mr. Orlebar, Mr. Towers, Sir Edmund Bacon,

Air. Fenton, Mr. Law son. Sir Jeremy Sambroke, Sir John Hind Cotton, Mr. Rwvney, Sir Geo. Saville, Mr.

Air. Norris, Air Gyhbon, Sir Robert Mr. Trcby,

Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Crojfe, Mr. Bertie, Sir Abra.

Elton, Sir. Roger Meredith, Sir William Pole, Sir Roger

Mojiyn, Mr. Turner, Mr. Walcot, Mr. Knight, Mr.

Wyndham, Sir Thomas Lee, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Watlcyn Williams Wynn, Mr. Setwyn, Mr. Newland, Colonel Read, Mr. Had, Mr. Packer, Mr. Earle; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Warwick and Oxford:And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Peiions, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gendemen, Manchester Freeholders, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants, of the Roads. Counties Palatine of Luncaster and was presented

to the House, and read; alleging, That the high Road leading from Manchejiet', in the said County of Luncaster, through the Town of Ashton under Line, the Parish of Mottram Longdendale, and from thence to Brook,

being Seventeen Cheshire Miles in Length, and the direct Way to Black Barnsley, in Yorhshire, is become ruinous, and out of Repair, and cannot be sufficiently repaired, without the Aid of an Act of Parliament: And therefore praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to repair and amend the said Road, by erecting or letting up Turnpikes or Toll-bars.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and diat they do examine the Alatter thereof, and report #the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

9 S And

Diinstable

Road*,

Lombc's

Patent.

Foreign

Sugars imported into Barbadoes.

210 Februdrii.;? i Ae 1731.

And it is referred to Sir Robert Lord

Malpas, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Mr. , Mr.

Williams. Mr. Thompfonof Forfr, Mr. Owen, Mr Sir Henry Hoghton, Mr. PhillipMr. Or male, Mr. Booth,

Mr. Thomas Lewis, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Cholmondeky, Mr. Turner, Mr. Cartwright, Sir Humphry Jiou'orth, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Packer, MV. Baler, Mr. 'Thompson of Scarboro', Sir William Wentworth, J5ir Jiflman Ijharn, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Walcot, Mr.

Mr. Gregory, Mi \ Plumptre;and all the Members* that serve for the Counties of Chester, Lancaster, York, Stafford, and Derby: And they are to meet this Afternoon', at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; aixl have Power to lend for Persone, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Justices of the Peace, Freeholders^ and others, Inhabitants, living in, and near, and puffing through the Road leading from to Hochliff]

in the County of Bedford, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the Houfo, and read; alleging,' That the Trustees for putting in Ex^afion an Act of Parliament, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign; of her* late Majesty Queen Anne, for repairing the said Road, and also an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of her said Majesty, for making more effectual the aforesaid-Act, have expended great Sums of Money, arising from the Tolls, granted by the said first-mentioned Act, in the Reparation of the said Road; but that there is frill a large Debt due upon the Credit of the said Tolls, and that some-further Provision is necessary to keep the said Road in Repair: And therefore praying, that the House will-give* Leave to bring in a Rill for enlarging the Term granted for repairing the said Road, and' for explaining, and making more etteftual, the said Two former Acts.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Jerome Satnbroke, Mr. Orlebar, Mr. Gregory, Mr. Tenner, Mr. Clayton, Sir Roger Meredith, Mr. P/umptre, Sir Charles Mr. More, Mr.

Phillips, Mr. lirookjbank, Mr. Leheup, Sir Geo.

Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Parsons, Mr. Gould, Sir Robert Aufen, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Lawfan, Mr. Vernon, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Mr. Burton, Sir Abraham Elton, Sir Ijharn, Mr.

Docminique, Mr. Ongley, Sir Robert Mnftyit, Mr. Halt, Mr. Byfig, Mr. Bramfon, Mr. Yorke, Mr. C/tetuytrd; aiil all the Members that serve for the Counties of Bucks, and Northampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, act Five of the Clock,- in the Speaker's Chamber; artd have Power-to fend for Pertbns, Papers, ui)dTlecdrds.

<,) k \ t* i > 1 # . .*» 4 \ ,* ' .; . ' v. 'V

- The House beink informed that Sir Tfhbmiil 'Lbmfre attended at theiDo(j^;he was caWfediw/'aild, ut the Bar, presented to the lftmfe,'purfilant to*their'OraCr, the Pa- tent, Ranted to-hail,: fw tlfe folfe'making and ufi«gYn*-: gines, for the making of Organzine Silkj and ailba Deed1 inrolled, directed by the said Patent.

And then he wirndrew; - '-'* 1 ' 1

Ordered, That the said Patent and Deed dp lfc upon the Table, to be peruled by the Methbdrs of the House!' ' Memorandum: TheJUid Patent and Deed wete cfclW vered back, pursuant to an Order of the Hodfe, of the 27th of Marchi 732.

Mr. Docminique', from the Corrimiffi'oners for Trade

and Plantations, presented to the House, purlhartttA their Addresses to his Majesty, '

Copy of an Act passed in B who does the 2 lit of March 1715, laying an Imposition, or Duty, on all Sugars, Mo-lades, llum, Cotton, and Ginger,' imported into' thgi Island, which are not the natural Product, Growth, and Manufacture, of some of his Majesty s Colonies.; rind also,

-Copy of trn Order in Council, of the 1 7th October 1717, for confirming an Act, puffed in Barbadoes in

Mdrthi7^;wt4tuiodi v An Act, laying an Imposition,

(l or Duty,; on :all Sugars,* Molasses, Ruuij Cotton* and

" Ganger, irappjtted,-V<$cawialfo, ....

'. Copy Artiofe ofi Ilia: Majesty s In-

structions 'toJienjyWorfeley, EiqiHre^Jdte Governor of

Barbados,s, Atino -i 728 7.and also, 'p al r.r. c. r . Copy: of an Act, passedio yflrwVfl.iintitiriedj'^aiiiAd for granting a Revenue to his Majestyt M % Heirsitnrf " Succefiom, for the Support: of the Grm*niment of this " Island', and for reviving, and perpetiiatliigj-jlfe'tAftsiaul " Laws thbneof:" u.; notttti» *0

Together with a List of them. . \ vf\ 1 s

And the said Lift was read.; tlffd. H w. Ordered, That the said Papers do lie uportbeTabte, to be perused. by the Members oftlwrHttrflF. V-The Ibid.Papers are bound up wkb^hralttMPapei&e/ this Session.

Mi ‘ T

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay' before this Civil Lf! House, an Account of the grols and net Prepuce of the Rtra#& several Branches of his1 late Majesty s Civil List Revenues for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from

Michaelmas 1715, to Lady-day 1727, distinguishing each Year, and how much thereof has been accounted for in the Accounts of the Surpluses of the Civil List Revenues, delivered into Parliament, Tor that Time.

: Refolded, That an humble Address be presented to his Dit». Majesty, thafobe will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that an Account of what Sums of Money have been paid out of tile Customs, Excises, and the other Branches of the Civil List- Revenues, of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the keeping up of the Three Courts, and for the Civil Government thereof, from Michaelmas 1715, to Lady-day 1727, distinguishing each Year, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, byr such Members of tins House as -are of his Majesty's most'honourable Privy Council.

A Bill for rebuilding the Parish Church of Woolwich, in the County of Knit, as one of the Tilty iK^ Cfyurdies, Church. directed to be built by Two Acts in the Ninth, and the other in the Te'ut!^.^ei Reign of her late Majesty Q'ueeii

Second time. - .> , .* ini r,(!i IkiI

llefolved. That the Bill be committed^ 1 , Vit), . Refohed, That the Bill be committed to aXmmn4oe of the whole House.; / ' ' /.; 2

' Refolded, That this House will, ' upon , To-njorj:pw Scycnnight, resolve itself into a ^.'omnuft^of-tUe v.jiyle House, upon the said Bill. (.

Mr. Henry Bromley reported from the Committee, who ia?rortt« were-appointed to prepare Heads' of a Bill, upon the I)c- oi Tilijje. bate of the House, for erfptafoihgyiemiftiding, and making more eftt ftual, the Act, made in; tUe Fiift Year of King James the Second, intituled, " An additional Act Iot the " Improvement of Tillage," the Resolutions,'which they had directed him to report to the House; which lie read in his Place, and afterwards delivei',cd in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and are as follow; viz,

Resolved, That it i6 the Opinion of this Committee,

That it be given in Charge by the Justices of the Peace of the several Counties, at their relj>eftive General Quarter §e(fions, to the Grand Jury, to make true Enquiry, and Return upon Oath, of the comfnon Market Price of middling English Corn or Grain per Quarter, within their re-

lpeftive Counties; which Return of the Grand Jury shall be made in open Sessions, in tl/c same Place where the said Charge was given, and not otherwise, and certified by the said Court of Quarter Sessions to the ciiief Officer or Collector of the Customs, for the Time being, redding in the respective Ports or Havens, where foreign Corn or Grain may be imported, to be hung up in some publick Place in the Custom-boule, to which all Persons may resort, for their Information.

5 Refohed,

G°°gl(

tj

alaa's > aL

pp!y Bill 5 ni Tax.

5 Geo. II. n°- — 22° Februarii±

Resolved, That it is the Opinion Of this Committee, That no foreign Corn, imported into any Port in Great Britain, shall be carried Coastwise to any other Sea-port, or Haven.

The said Reiblutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the fetid Resolutions; and that Mr. Henry Bromley, Sir Edmund Bacon of Gillingham, Sir Edmund Bacon of Garboldisham, Mr. , and Mr. Loathes,

do prepare, and bring in the lame.

The House took into Confederation the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to naturalize Thomas Malanand

And the said Amendments were read, and arc as follow; viz. '

Press 1. L. 6. After " P" inlert " " IVynantz, Son of Peter by his Wife, born at Dantziek, \n Polish James " Cauiet, Son of James Caulct, by Martha his Wife,

" born at Bordeaux in France, John Cauiet, Son of " Mark Caulct, by Judith his WTife, horn at near

" Bordeaux, in France; Thomas Du BiJJhn, Son oiPctei'

4‘ Du Bison, by -Esther his Wife, born at Caen in

" hint aly; John Henry de Morin, Son of Francis de Mo-

" rin, by Anne Magdalen his Wife, born at the Hague,

" \n Holland; Mary Aljlrom, Daughter of Thore

" by Anna his Wile, born at Alin gobin Sweden; James

" Chalie, Son of Peter Chalie, by Sarah lus Wife, born

4‘ at Rotterdam, in Holland; Jochim Van Coin, Son of

4‘ Jochim Van Coin, by Anna Magdalen his Wife, born - % at Harnhoiirgh; Frederick de Veer, Son of Frederick de

" Veer, by Anna his Wife, born at;

i( Got!fried Opitz, Son of God by " gin a his Wife, born at Brijlawin Site fa; and Michael

Miller, Son of Michael Miller, i>y Elizabeth his " Wile, born at St.Galt, in Switzerland."

L. tS. After " Malan" insert " Francis " nanfz, James Caulct, John Caulct, Thomas Du

John Henry de Morin, Mary James Chalie,

" Jochim Van Coin, Frederick de VErnjl GodJ'ried

" Opitz, and Michael Miller."

L. 31. Alter "Malan" insert " Francis u nai.tz, James Cauiet, John Cauiet, Thomas Du

" John Henry de Morin, Mary Al/trom, James Chalie,

" Jochim Van Coin, Frederick de Veer, GodJ'ried

" Opitz, and Michael Miller."

Pr. 2. L. 21 After " Malan" insert " Francis nanlz, James Caulct, John Cauiet, Thomas Du Bison,

John Henry de Morin, Mary Aljh om, James Chalie,

" Jochim Van Coin, Frederick de Ernjl Goefried

" Opitz, and Michael Miller."

L. 30. After " Joseph " insert "

" IV imanlz, James Cauiet, John Caulct, Thomas Du Jim, John Henry dc Morin, Mary Aljlrom, James 4‘ Chalie, Jochim Van Coin, Frederick de Veer, Ernjl " Godfried Opitz, and Michael Jl ' At the End of the Title add, " and others."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. John Hamilton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments, made by their Lordships.

A Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-two, was read a Second time.

Beflived, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the w hole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Vol. 21.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis,2 2° die Februarii;

Anno 50 Georgii 241 Regis 1731.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the insolvent Debtors, confined in Debtor* the City Gaol of Exon, was presented to the Houses Petition, and read: complaining, that the late Act, for the Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons, has not answered the good Intent of the Legil-lature: And therefore praying, that a Bill may be brought in for their Enlargement without Limitation of Sum, upon the Delivery of their All, under any Penalty, or otherwise to be relieved, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Annejley be added to the Com- Cottonian mittee, appointed to view the Cottonian Library, and Library, such of the publick Records of this Kingdom, as they think proper, and to report to the House the Condition thereof, together with what they shall judge fit to be done, for the better Reception, Preservation, and more convenient Use, of the lame.

Mr. Wyndhamreported from the Committee, who wore pee, of

appointed to inspect, and settle, the Fees, to be taken by Officers of all the Officers, and Servants of the House, and to exa- l^e 1Iou^c* mine w hat Salaries, or Allowances, they have from the Government, the Matter, as it appeared to them, with the llefelution of the Committee thereupon, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read; and the Resolution of the Committee is as followed);

ReJ'olved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That all Fees to be demanded or taken by any Officer or Servant of the House, be fixed according to the Rale of the Lift of Fees, entered in the Journals in the Year 1700; and that Tables of the fame, being first peruled by Mr, Speaker, be printed, and hung up in the Speakers Chamber, in the Lobby, and in the Clerk's Office; and that the Clerk take care to renew such printed Tables from time to time, as Occasion shall require, and to pre-lcrvc them always fair and legible.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, nominecontradicente, That the House doth

agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That all Fees, to be demanded or taken by any Officer or Servant of the House, be fixed according to the Rate of the Lift of Fees, entered in the Journals in the Year 1700; and that Tables of the fame, being first perused by Mr. Speaker, be printed, and hung up in the Speakers Chamber, in the Lobby, and in the Clerk's Office; and that the Clerk take care to renew such printed Tables from time to time, as Occasion shall require, and to pre-lerve them always fair and legible.

ReJ'olved, nomine contradicente, That, if any Officer or Servant of this House shall prel'ume to demand, or take, any greater Fee, than what shall be contained in the said printed Tables, this House will proceed against such Officer or Servant with the utmost Severity.

Ordered, That the said Resolutions be Standing Orders of the House.

Ordered, That the said Reiblutions be printed with the said Tables of Fees.

The said Report, and Appendix thereto, being too long to be conveniently inserted in this Journal, is bound up with the other Papers of this Srifion.

The Table of Fees, fixed according to the Rate of the Lift of Fees, entered in the Journals in the Year 1700, is as followeth; viz.

A Table

Fees of Officers of the House.

808

42" Febm.

A.

1731;

A TAB L£ *f F&E Sj. to be demanded and taken by the Officers and Servants of the House of Commons.

To Mr. Speaker.

For every private Till ——

For every private enafiting Clause the same Fee as for a Bfll:

And, if the Bill concerns a County or Counties,- or Corporation or Corporations, or in the same of such-like Bills, called double Bills, a double Fee.

To Mr. Speaker's Secretary.

For every private Bill For every private enacting Clause the same Fee as for a Bill:

And if the Bill concerns a County or Counties, or Corporation or Corporations^ or in the same of such-like Bills, called double Bills, a double Fee.

For every Warrant, ligned by Mr. Speaker, for a new Writ, Commitment, Discharge, or Witness to attend - - . - -

To the Clerk, and the Officers under him.

To the Clerk.

{For the several Readings - - - -> -

For breviating, Amendments, interlocutory Orders, and other Proceedings - For the Order of Commitment - -

For every private enacting Clause the same Fee as for a Bill:

And, if the Bill concerns a County or Counties, or Corporation or Corporations, or in the same of such-like Bills, called double Bills, double Fees.

For every Order upon Motion, or Petition, or Committee appointed in private Matters, or Copies of them, or of Committees in public Matters, taken out by any Person - For every Order for the Commitment, or Discharge, of any Person -

For Copies of all Petitions, Reports, or other Matters, out of the Journals, if under Ten Sheets If above Ten Sheets, per Sheet ——

For every Search in the Journals ——

For Copies of Bills, per Sheet ——

But if for Members -

For ingrossing Bills, per Prels ——

For every Hearing at the Bar, from each Side ——

For attending Committees of the whole House, or Grand Committees, in private Concerns Aud for preparing the Report, and transcribing ——

For reading at the Table, and entering in the Journal, a Report in private Matters, if long

If short ——

For swearing every Member without and within Doors, upon the Clerk of the Crown's Return, upon an Vacancy, after the Sessions begun, and filing tire Certificate, and entering it in the Return Book FortheTelt, by Act of Parliament, at the Table - -

For {wearing every Person at the Table, in order to be naturalized ....

y To the Clerk Assistant.

For every private Bill ——

For every private enacting Clause the same Fee as for a Bill:

And, if the Bill concerns a County or Counties, or Corporation or Corporations, or in the same of such-like Bills, called double Bills, a double Fee.

For every Hearing at the Bar, from each Side ——

For attending Committees of the whole House, or Grand Committees, in private Concerns

For every Order of such Committees - -

For reading every Petition in private Matters ——

To the Clerk of the Committee of Elections.

For attending the hearing the Merits of the Cause ——

For drawing the Report ——

For a fair Copy of the Report, for the Chairman -

For each Exhibit ——

For the Examination of a Witness ——

For each Order of the Committee ——

To the Four Clerks without Doors, attending upon Committees.

For attending to adjourn a Committee upon a private Bill, or Petition ——

For attending a Sitting of the Committee upon such Bill, or Petition ——

For drawing, and transcribing, the Report for such Committee -

And where the Bill, or Petition, concerns a County, Corporation, or Body of People, or in such-like Cafes, in which double Fees are paid to the Officers of the House, double Fees:

For a Summons, for a Witness to attend a Committee ——

For examining a Witness, or taking the Content of a Party to the passing of a Bill

For every Deed, or other Exhibit, made ul'e of before the Committee ——

To the Chief Clerk, without Doors, being one of the Four Clerks without Doors, who receives the Fees, and pays them to the Officers of the House; for so doing.

For every private Bill ——

For every private enacting Clause the same Fee as for a Bill:

And, if a Bill concerns a County or Counties, Corporation or Corporations, or in the same of such-like Bills, called double Bills, a double Fee.

To the Serjeant, and the Officers under him.

To the Serjeant.

For every private Bill ——

For every private euafting Clause the same Fee as for a Bill:

And, if the Bill concerns a County or Counties, or Corporation or Corporations, or in the same of such-like Bills, called double Bills, a double Fee:

L * d.

5 ——

- — 10

- — 10 —

.3 >3 4 1 5 -068

- 6 8 — 6 8 - 6 8

- 6 8

-----4

— 12 6 1 13 4

- 13 4

— 10 —

— 10 —

- 6 8

1 5 ~ — O 4

- 6 8

- G 8

- 5-

- 2 —

- 13 4

- 6 8

— 3 4

— 2 —

— 2 6

3 1 6 8

6 8

2 6 2 6

— 2 0

— 10 —

t 5

For

Puniftiing

Mutiny and Defer lion.

Dutirs on Salt.

Relation of Plot!, &c.

Journal of Massachuset* Bay.

Charitable

Corporation.

5 Gteo. It. iz* Febrtiarii. 869

... J.

For taking a Knight into Custody - - " ~ 5 —

For taking a Gentleman into Gtistody - - - -. . - -368

For every Day in Custody - - - - . , - i —

For every Knight of the Shire, When sworn into the House, upon the Clerk of the Crown's Return,

upon any Vacancy, after the Sessions begun - - - 10

From every Burgess, upon such Vacancy- - - . - - — 5 —

From every Perton sworn at the Table, in order to be naturalised ' ——

For every Counsel pleading at the Bar, or before any Committee - 10 *-

For bringing a Criminal to the Bar - 6 8

For riding Charges, for every Mile - . - - -. - — — 6

To the Housekeeper.

For every private Bill - — 5 —

For every private enabling Clause, the same Fee as for a Bill:

And, if the- Bill concerns a County or Counties, or Corporation or Corporations, or in the Calc of such-like Bills called double Bills, a double Fee:

For every private Committee - - - - * - - - — $ —

For every Hearing at the Bar - - - - 10.

For every Pri loner discharged by the House - - - — $ —

To tho Two Door-keepers.

For every private Bill - - - — 5 —

For every private enacting Clause, the same Fee as For a Bill:

And, if the Bill concerns a County or Counties, Corporation or Corporations, ot in the same of such-like Bills, called double Bills, a double Fee:

For attending a Hearing at the Bar in private Matters * - - - — 7

For delivering Papers at the Doof - - - — 5 —

Upon the Difehaige of every Prisoner, to each - - - — 26

For every Member sworn, upon the Clerk of the Crown's Return, upon any Vacancy, after the Sessions

begun -- ----- -- — 5 — L

To the Four Messengers.

For serving any Summons of the House in private Matters - - - — 68

For serving the Orders of Committees in private Matter - — a6

For attending a Prisoner, per Diem - 68

For keeping the Door at a private Committee - 26

Perused by me,

Jr.' Speaker.

An ingrafted Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, humble Address be presented to his Majesty, that hfc Will and for the better Payment of the Army, and their be graciously pleased to give Directions, that Copies of Quarters, was read the Third time. the several Petitions made to the Crown, for obtaining

Resolved, Thar the Bill do pais; and that the Title be, the several Licences, for the said Corporation to increase An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the their Capital, together with nil the Proceedings relating better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters. thereto, may be laid before the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary at War do carry the Bill R That an humble Address be presented to to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. his Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to give

Directions, that Copies of the several Petitions, made to A Petition of the Merchants, principal Traders, and the Crown, for obtaining the several Licences for the Inhabitants, of the City of Bristol, against the Revival Charitable Corporation, for Relief of industrious Poor, by of the Duties on Salt, was offered to be presented to the assisting them with small Sums upon Pledges, at legal House. Interest, to increase their Capital, together with all the

And the Question being put. That the said Petition Proceedings relating thereto, may be laid before this be brought up; House.

It palfed in the Negative. OrThat the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his A Bill for the better Regulation and Government of Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

Pilots, lioenfed by the Corporation of Trinity-hotfe of Then Mr. reported from the Committee, to

Deptford Sti ond, in the County of Kent, and to prevent whom the Petition of the Proprietors of the Charitable Mischiefs and Annoyances upon the River of Thames Corporation, is referred, that he was directed by the below Louden Bridge, was read a Second time. Committee to acquaint the House, that David Faikney

Resolved', That the Bill be committed. and Thomas Hodgson, who were taken into Custody of

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, in order to of the whole House. their being examined, had been examined by the said

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Seven- Committee, and had behaved themselves fairly and can-night, resolve i tie If into a Committee of the whole House, didly; and that he wasdirected by the Committee tornove upon the said Bill. the House, that they may be discharged out of Custody.

Ord> that the said David Faikney be discharged Ordered, That the Commissioners of Trade and Planta- out of Custody, without paying any Fees, tions do lay before this House, the Journal of the House Ord, That the said Thomas Hodgson be discharged of Representatives for his Majesty's Province of tht out of Custody, without paying any Fees.

'Massachusets Bay, begi nning the 15 th of December 1730.

Ordered, That all the Books, Instruments, and Papers, Derwent- Mr. Sandys reported from the Committee, to whom relating to the Sale of the Estate of James, late Earl of water'sElbw. the Petition of the Proprietors of the Charitable Corpo- Derzventw, which have been presented to the House, fation, for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them and ordered to lie upon the Table, be referred to with small Sums upon Pledges, at legal Interest, afiem- the Conficieration of a. Committee; and that they do bled in their general Court, is referred; that lie was examine the feme, and report the Matter of Fact, as it directed by the Committee to move the House, that an shall appear to them, to the House:

Vol. 21. 9 T And

Charitable

Corporation.

8 io 22° — -23° Februarii. A. 1731.

And it is referred to Lord Gage, Sir Geo. Mr.

Chetwynd, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Sir Wm. Yonge,

Mr. Hynge, Mr. Hales, Mr. T Sir Geo. Saville, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Huxley, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Knight, Mr. Burton, Captain Fenton, Mr. Andrews, Mr. Atfcott, Mr. Brook/bauk, Sir Henry Gough, Mr. Oriebar, Colonel Berkeley, Sir Robert Furne/e, Mr. Holland, Mr. Earl, Lord Fane, Sir fames Campbell, Mr. More, Major Sel-wyn, Mr. Duntombe, Sir Thomas Franklattd, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Gibson, Colonel Read, Sir Geo. Cafwail, Colonel Bladen, Mr. Carr, Mr. Lyddall, Mr. Wort ley, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Sandys, Sir John Rufbout, Mr. Hughes, Mr. Faza Mr. Wat kin Williams Wynne, Mr. Attorney-general, Mr. Solicitor-general, Mr. Waller, Mr. Lavism, Sir Tho. Mr.

Oglethope, Mr. Trelawny, Mr. Furnefe, Mr. Thomas Tower, Mr. Norris, Sir Charles Vernon, Sir Clobery Noel,

M r. Cafar, Lord Mayor of London, Sir John Williams, Sir John Cope, Mr. Robert Winford, Mr.

Dgby, Sir Wm. Wyndham, Mr. Wyndham, Sir Judinian

sham. Sir Thomas Aston, Lord NoelSomer/et, Mr. Ti/fon,

Ir. Alderman Perry, Mr. L Gower, Mr. Scrope, Mr. Taylor, Mr. Crtfpe, Mr. Compton, Sir Tho. Sanderson, Mr. Crofe, Sir Roger Meredith, Mr. Edward

Mr. Bertie, Mr. Vyner\ and all the Members that lerve for the Counties of Northumberland, Cumberland, and Durham; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Order of the Day being read;

And the House taking Notice, that George Esquire, did not attend the Service of the House, according to the Order of Friday last;

And the Serjeant at Arms attending the House, being called upon, to give an Account of the Service of the said Order; the Messenger, who was sent to serve the said Order, acquainted the House, that he had served the said Order upon the Servants of the said George Robinson, at his House in Lombard street, London, and upon hisMeward,

at his House at More Place, in the County of Bucks, and also upon the returning Officers at Great; and

that he was told at the said Mr. Robin fun's House in London, that it was believed, that the said Mr. Robinson was gone beyond S.as.

And the House being informed, that the said Geo. Robinlon, Esquire, had withdrawn himself to Parts beyond the Seas;

Ordered, That it be an Instiuction to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Proprietors of the Charitable Corporation, &c. is referred, that they do enquire as to the Time, Manner, and other Circumstances, of the said George Robinson Esquire withdrawing himself into Parts beyond the Seas; and that they do report the same specially to the House, with all convenient Speed.

The Serjeant at Arms attending the House, being called upon, to give an Acc unt what had been done in relation to the taking of John Thompson, lateWarehouse-keeper to the Charitable Corporation, the Messenger, who was sent in Search of him, acquainted the House, that he had withdrawn himself, and was not yet taken.

And the House being informed, that the said John Thompson had withdrawn himself to Parts beyond the Seas;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do enquire as to the Time, Manner, and other Circumstances, of the said John Thompson withdrawing himself into Parts beyond the Seas; and that they do report the same specially to the House, with all convenient Speed.

Mr. Sandys reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Proprietors of the Charitable Corporation, fftc. is referred, that he Was directed by the Committee to acquaint the House, that William Burroughs, Esquire, and William Squire, having been-summoned to attend the said

Committee in order to their being examined, had withdrawn themselves from Examination.

Ordered, That William Burroughs, Esquire, be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That WHttiamSquire be taken into the Custody

of the S.rjeant at Arms attending this House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 2j° die Februarii;

Anno 5* Georgii IP* Regis, 1731.

Praters.

F\R D E R ED, That Mr. Lifter and Mr. Walcot be Denr«w

added to the Committee, to whom all the Books, Instrumems, and Papers, relating to the Sale of the Estate of James, late of Derwentwater, which have been presented to the House, are referred.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for (y, the more effectual indemnifying and securing Parishes, Chikk. and other Places, from such Charges, as may arise from Bastard Ch.ldren born within the same; and that Mr.

Robert Hacks, Mr. More, Mr. Crosse, Mr. Earl, Mr. Oriebar, and Major Selwyn, do prepare, and bring in, the tame.

Mr. Bramston presented to the House (according to odiSaw Order) a Bill for the further Qualification of Justicesof ofjutks the Peace; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Sandys presented to the House (according to Appok Order) a Bilfto oblige the Justices of the Peace, at their ^1®* Quarter Sessions, to proceed to determine Appeals to them, according to the Merits of the Cafe, notwithstanding any Defects of Form in the original Proceedings; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the licensed Pilots of the of

Deptford Strond, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, 0fPite,u in behalf of themselves, and others, licensed Pilots of the said House, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, that several Clauses, contained in the Bill nowdc* pending before the House, for the better Regulation and Government of Pilots, licensed by the Corporation of Trinity-house of Deptford Strond, in the County of Kent, and to prevent Mischiefs and Annoyances upon the River of Thames below London Bridge, are, as the Petitioners apprehend, contrary to the Liberties and Privileges of free-born Subjects; and that the said Bill, if passed into a Law, will tend to the great Prejudice, if not the utter Ruin, of the Petitioners, and others: And therefore praying, that the Petitioners may have Leave to be heard by themselves, or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill, or have such other Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better Regulation and Government of Pilots, licensed by the Corporation of Trinity-house of Deptford Strond, in the County of Kent, and to prevent Mischiefs and Annoyances upon the River of Thame below London Bridge, is committed; and that the Petitioners, if they think fit, be heard before the said Committee by their Counsel, according to the Prayer of their Petition.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Mr.

1

5 Geo. it.

v/

Journal of Mr. Ashe} from the Commissioners Maflachufcu* tations, presented to the House, purl

Bay.

3 " — 24" Februarit. y

Mr. Ashe, from the Commissioners for Trade and Flan- The House prdceeded (according to Order) to the tations, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, further hearing d£ Gounfel upon the Bill for the better A Journal of the honourable House of RepresentarjveS at securing and encwuriging the Trade his Majesty^ a great and general Court, or Assembly, of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in^ America.

Province of the Massachusetts's Bay in New England.,be- < And the Chunfel were called in., >' 4 4,

gun and held at Cambridge, in the County of Midd/e/ex; And Counfd were farther heard in favour of fhefeSlfe

on Wednesday, the; 27th Day of May, Anno Domini 1730, and examined another Witness; and went through-theft

and from thence continued, by several Adjournments Evidence: And the Gauhfel for the Petitioners and Prorogations, to the Court-house in Bcfion, in the- heard, by way of Reply. t

County of Suffolk, on Wednesday the x6th Day of De- And the Counsel beipg whhdrawn^ < .-v

cember following, and then met, bei he the 0 J Session of the said Court,

A r»rt rl, A Hrifl, r\f, fk, Oi

Trade of Saear Colonies.

uouie in jusjioh, tn rne- nearq, Dy way ot< Kcply. r,

the 16th Day of De-And the Counsel being withdrawn^ t, being the -Second Mr. Speaker opened the Bill. , eiuon 01 the said court. Resolved, That-the Bill be committed*

And the Title of the said Journal was read. the Rill be committed to.a Committer

Ordered, That the said Journal do lie upon the Table, of the whole House;: ' »

to be perused by die Members of the House.. Resolved, That this Hoofed will, upofa next*,-

Memorandum: The said Journal was delivered back, «f°lve itself intoa Committee of the whole House, upod

-f ‘L- , T-1' 4e lift the said-Bilk 1 '

iemorandum: The said Journal was delivered 1 pursuant to an Order of the House, of the Day of March 1731.

Bilk

Day of March 1731. , u

And then the House adjourned till Jomorro#

Charitable Mr. Sandys reported from the Committee, to whom Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Corporation, the Petition of the Proprietors of the Charitable Corpo- __________: ----- ---: —

rotinn fr % w> nf 5 nrliiflrinns Poor, hv a/Tiftinff them

Jovis, 2 40 die Februarit;

Anno 5' Georgii IId‘ Regis, 1731.

Mr. Sandys reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Proprietors of the Charitable Corporation, for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, assembled in their general Court, is referred; that he was di-' reded by the Committee, to acquaint the House, that Thomas Lease, who was token into (he Custody of the p

Serjeant at Arms attending the House, in order to his Platers. ' \

being examined, had been examined by the said Com- 1 fThat it be an InstrudFon to the Com- coitonlaa mittee, and had prevaricated in his Evidence. ' U mittee, appointed to view the Cottonian Ubriry, and LUrary.f

Ordered That the said f Thomas Lease, now in Custody such of the publick Records of this Kingdom, as the/ of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, having think proper, and to report to the House the Condition prevaricated in his Evidence before the said Committee, thereof, together with what they shall judge fit to be done' be committed close Prisoner to his Majesty's.Gaol of for the better Reception, Preservafion-, and more conve-

Nezvrate; and that Mr. Speaker do issue his; Warrants nient Use, of the fame, that they doconlider of a proper,

. Ware, and Plan, for eroding an Edifice, that may be

nient Use, of the fame, that they do connaer or a propo Place, and Plan, for eroding an Edifice, that may be made use of for the Reception of the Parliament.

Ordered, That Colonel Onslow, Mr. Harley, Mr. Clay- Derwemwitert

ton, Colonel Townshend, Mr. Trmayne, Mr. > Mr. £ltate* Keif all, Mr. Walter Plummer, Mr. Richard Plumir, ami '

Mr. Seawen, be added to the Committee, to whom all

~ and Paners. relating to the SaleT

Jifcuits

(ported.

accordingly.

Ordered, That the said Thomas Lease be not allowed

the Use of Pen, Ink, or Paper; and that no Person be permitted to have Access to him, without the Leave of

this House.

U6yw*r; ....

A Petition of several Merchants, and Traders, of the Mr. , be added to the Committee, to whom au City of London, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, the Books, and Papers, relating to the Sale

was presented to the House, and read; alleging, that a of the Estate of Jomes late Earl of which

Bounty on the Exportation of Biscuits, made of Wheat, have been presented to the House, are referred.

grown in this Kingdom, in Proportion to the Bountyon

the Exportation of Wheat, ground or unground, allowed A Petition of the infelvent , confined in the

by an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign, of their County Gaol of Oxford; and also,

late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, for encour , A Petition of the insolvent Debtors, confined in the

raging the Exportation of Corn, will enable and encou-;

rage the Petitioners to carry on their Trade with the same Werefeveraliy to the House,

Advantages, as formerly, wheh great Quantities of such plaining, that the late Ad, for the Relief of De for*.

Biscuitswere exported from the Port of London, and with respect to the Imprisonment

other British Ports, to Spain, and other foreign Parts, and also to his Majesty's Plantations: And therefore praying, that a Clause may be inferred in some Bill, depending before the House, for the Purposes aforesaid, or that the

-----.vh^rwife relieved iixihe Premises, as

Debtor*

Petitions.

if ere severally presented to ttienouic, uu , complaining, that the late Ad, for the Relief of Debtors, with relped to the Imprisonment of their Persons, has not answered the good Intent of the Legislature: And therefore praying, that a Bill may be brought in for their Enlargement, without Limitation of Sum, upon the Delivery of their All, under any Penalty, or otherwise to be relieved, as to the

House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petitions do lie upon the

II2UI a V(uu..

before the House, for the Purposes arorc, iuiu,______

Petitioners may be otherwise relieved in the Premises, as

to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table. _____

Ordered That Leave he given to bring in a Bill to Sir Roberl Salusbury Cotton reported from the Com- jfancj,e^r explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act-made mittee, to whom the Petition of the Joffices of the Peace, Ro»d$.

in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, inti- Gentlemen, Freeholders, Trade fmen, and other Inhabi-' "An Act for securing the Freedom of Parliaments, taots, of the Counties Palatine of Laucafierand Chester, farther qualifying the Members to fit in the was that the Committee had examined the

______of Commonsand that Mr. Rolle, Mr. Pul- Matter of the &id Petition, and had directed him to rc-

tency, and Mr. Windham, do prepare, and bring in, the port the feme, as it appeared to them, to the House:

And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table i where the feme was

Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself read, and is as follows; v/x. . , ' ,

Committee of the whole House, to conffder further The Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House

' Majesty, being read; dated the aid of February inffant, proceeded to ex-

9 - c,,n. amine the Matter of the said Petition; and, to prove

the Allegations of the feme, the Petitioners called Mr. and Mr. James Broun-, who, being

severally examined, feid, that the highwoad, leading

in

tuled,

" by the

House

feme. The

The Uroer 01 .....-

into a Committee of the whole House, 10 u/«. — of the Supply granted to his Majesty, being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-

night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole -a,ur further Qf the Supply granted to his

House. to

Majesty.

Vofc. 21*

8*2 ^4 ' FebfuariL -

irotnMandhefter, in the County of Ltncafier, through To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions, 'the the Town of Ashton under Line, the Parish of Met tram .*: Petitioners called the following Witnesses; viz. Longdendale, and so to Salters Brook, which parts Chejhirt. Captain John Stevens; who, being examined, said, that and Yorkshire, being Seventeen Chejhirt.Miles in Length, the Hiver Dee, at a Place called Park Gate, about Eight

and the direct Way to Black Barnjbyin Yorkshire, is so Miles didant from the City of Chester, Is a very had and

bad and nainousln the Winter Seaton, that. Travellers, dangerous Harbour for Ships to lie at, they being very Pack-horses, Carts, and Carriages, cannot pass wiihbut muchexpoled to the Winds, and their Bottoms are often Danger; and that, although the Statute-work hath been damaged by running on ground, the same being a hard constantly done, and Six Penceip the Pound raised, yet Sort of Marie:

the Road cannot be sufficiently repaired, without the Aid That his Ship had been blown Three several Times of an Act of Parliament. on Ibor, and that one of the Times it cost him £ 60,

Offered, That Leave be giving to bring in a Bill for to launch her, and take out her Lading; and at repairing and amending the Road leading from the Town another Time a Ship of his of 60 Ton Burthen, could oiManehefter, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, through- take in no more than 40 Ton.of her Lading; and then the Town of AJkten under Lyae, in the Parish of Mottram the Water, and looie Sand* running over Deck, he was Longdendale, and from thence to Salters Brook, in the obliged to unlade 20 Ton into a Boat, to get down the County Palatine of Chester; and that Sir Robert Salusbury River: .: Cotton, Sir Thomas Aston, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, and Mr. That the Expence of unloading Ships at Park Gate, Booth, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. and carrying the Goods in Boats to Chester, amounts to

... , z s. per Ton; which Expence, in case the said River be

Cottonian Ordered, That Sir Thomas Robinson, and Mr. Kelfall, made navigable, will be saved, and great Benefits accrue library, be added to the Committee, appointed to view the Cottto the said City: nian Library, and such.of the publick Records of this That.small Boats can't, without Difficulty, come to Kingdom, as they think proper, and to report to the excepting, when there are Spring Tides 5 which,

House the Condition thereof, together with what they when the Wind is ftroog, and Westerly, railes the Water

- shall judge fit to be done, for the better Reception, there to or 12 Feet, but at neap Tides it scarce rises one

Preservation, and more convenient Use, of the feme. Foot at Chester.

ThC said Witness, being further examined, said, that Answer to ' Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, that their several Vessels from of 40 and 60 Ton, that are

Add reflet, Address, of Monday last, That his Majesty would be flat-bottomed, and draw but little Water, have gone up

gyaciously pleased to give Directions, that an Account , of to Chester at the Top of Spring Tides; and likewise said,

what Sums of Money have been paid out of the Custom*. that Ships, entered at the Custom-house at 50 Ton Bur* Excises, and the o titer Branches of the Civil List Revenues, then, are nloft commonly 10 or 12 Ton more, of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland. for the keep- Captain Samuel Bell, being examined, confirmed the ing up.of the Three Courts, and for the Civil Government, Fv:dence of the said Mr. John Stephens, as to the Ships, there, from Michaelmas 1715, to Lady day 17 >7, distm- lying at Park Gate, being in Danger, and as to their Bur-guishing each Year, might be laid before this House, and thens being more, than what they are entered; and added also their Address, of Tuesday last. That his Majesty would likewise, that a final 1 Vessel, of 30 Tons, laden with begraciously pleased to give Directions, that Copies of Sugars from Liverpool, was loft a little below Burtm the several Petitions made to the Crown, for obtaining

the several Licences, for the Charitable Corporation, &c. He said further, that Ships of a considerable Burthen to increase their Capital, together with all the Proceedings may come to Chester, if this River is made navigable; relating thereto, might belaid before this House, had which maybe done by changing the Current, driving of been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had Piles, and making Jettee Works; and that a new Channel commanded him to acquaint this House, that he will give wiM flour the River, and the back Water will wash away Directions accordingly. the Sand, and make it much deeper, than it is at present;

but, he said, the doing of this must of consequence warp ' Be* Sir Richard Grojvenorreported from the Committee, to up the old Channel.

Navigation, whom the Petition of the Mayor and Citizens of the Mr. Prf/iro//,beingexamined, likewise confirmed

City of Chester, and also the Petition of the Gentlemen, the former Evidence, given to the Committee, as to the Merchants, principal Traders, Mariners, and Inhabitants, Danger Ships are exposed to, when they lie at Park Gate, of the City of Chester, whole Names are thereunto sub- and also what Hit. Bell laid in relation to the Vessd, laden feribed, in behalf of themselves, and many Thousends of with Sugar, being loft below Burton Head, which he men* the said City, and also the Petition of the Justices of the tioned to be of 50 T'on Burthen: And he said further, Peace for the County of Chester, in the Court of Quarter that confining the Water in a new Channel will walh it Sessions for the said County assembled, and of the Grand deeper, in.Proportion to which Depth more Water will Jury there, and of other Gentlemen, Freeholders, Traders, flow to , though now at a neap Tide it riles there and Inhabitants, of the same County, whole Names are but one Foot.

thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and other Mr. Nathanael Kiuder/ey produced to the Committees Inhabitants, of the same County, were referred; that the Map or Survey of the said River, which he had taken Committee had examined the Matter oFthe said Petitions, within the last Two Years j'and he said, he had taken and bad directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to several Gauges of this River between Park Ga/earid them, to the House: And he read the Report in his and found, that, when the Tides swell the Kiver 27 Feet Place, and afterwards delivered if in at the Clerk's Ta- at Park Gate, it only rises 10 Feet, at the highest Water ble; where the same was read, and is as follows; viz. at Chester; so that there is an Impediment of the Water's That, pursuant to the Order of the House, of the 7th flowing, from between 15 to 17 Feet, occasioned by several Instant, the Committee have examined the Matters large Sand Beds, which are Ten measured Miles in of the said Petitions. Length, in the said River, within Three Miles of Park

That the Petitioners produced to the Committee an Act and causes the Water to run broad in many Chan*

of Parliament, of the 1 ith and rath Years of the Reign of nels, and very shallow; and that, when the Water is Ten King William the 3d, to enable the Mayor and Citizens Feet deep at the lowest Mark at Park Gate, the Depth of the City of Chester to recover, and preterve, the Navi- of it is lcarce Two Feet among those Sands, by reason gation upon the River Dee-, whereby it appeared, the whereof several Tides never flow so far as Chester: Navigation of the said River being then almost loft, that That the Works, formerly done towards making the certain Duties were granted, for the Term of 21 Years, said River navigable, were very improper, and could no for recovering, and preserving, the fame. ways tend to effect it; but that the same may be done by

22 using

h-.

5 Geo. II. 240 Februarii.

Rebuilding

Bland ford

Forum

Town.

ufingproper Methods; and the Method, which he proposes, is, by making a new Channel, the Banks whereof to be Three hundred Feet asunder, which Channel will carry off all the back Waters:

That the back Water, with proper Means used tocon-fineit to the Channel, will also wash away the Sand in such Channel; fothat, should the Winds at any Time raisethe Tides, or should any Land Floods meet with spring Tides, the Water will go off much quicker, than it now does, from the River's being made deeper, and from the Fall of the Waters being increased between 10 and Feet; and the Motion of the Waters being quickened, will cause the Lands above the Causeway to be more securefrom being overflowed, than what they now are; for that the present Windings of the Channel are an Obstruction to the back Water, and the Current above the Causeway is very flow; and the confining the Water to this new Channel will have no Influence on the Swell of the Tide, or raise the Water any higher.

And the said Witness further said, that the Depth of the Water in the Channel, at the Ebb, will be in Proportion to the back Water; and that the Sand, through which the new Channel is proposed to be made, is a looie Sand, and will be washed away by the Weight of the Water:

' That the Expence of this Undertaking is estimated at between 40 and £. 50,000. which is proposed to be raised by a Tonage on Vessels, laden with Good* to and from Chester, to be paid according to the Distance of their Voyages; and the Sands, which in time will be gained thereby, computed at about 6,000 Acres, are to be appropriated towards this Expence; but that it will be 20 Years, before such Sands can be made use of.

And the feme Witness further said, that the said River is to be made navigable, before any Benefit is to accrue thereby to the Undertakers thereof.

Captain 6 t evens and Mr. ,being severally examined as to the former State of the Navigation of the River, feid, that, within their Memory, no Vessels, betides Boats, could come to but at the Times of

spring Tides; but they have been told by ancient People, that formerly Ships of 100 or 150 Ions, have conic to Chester.

And Mr. Prefcotl said, he has seen several Iron Rings in the Wall of the Water Tower at which he has

heard, and believes, were fixed there for the Mooring of Ships: And further said, that in case this Undertaking should fail, the said Navigation could not be. worse, than it is now.

That, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to the following Rel'olution:

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Petitioners have fully proved the Allegations, contained in their said Petition.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to restore, and preserve, the Navigation upon the River "Dee, in the County Palatine of Chester; and that Sir Richard Grosvenor, Mr. HugfVilliams, Mr.

Sir Robert Salujbitry Coltonand Mr. do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Bailiff and Burgesses, and other Inhabitants, of the Borough and Town of Bland ford

Forum, in the County of D, was presented to the I Joule, and read; setting forth, that on the Fourth Day of June lull a most dreadful and terrible Fire burnt to the Ground the whole Town, except about Forty Houses, together with the Church, Town Hall, and other publick Buildings; and that divers Suits and Controversies will probably ensue between the several Proprietors of Land within the said Town, and others, claiming under them; and that several of the said Proprietors, being under Incapacities, of Infancy, Coverture, special Entail, or otherwise, cannot make Title to their Lands, so as to encourage building thereon: And therefore praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill Vo l. <21.

for the more easy and better rebuilding the said Town, and for such other Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for rebuilding the Town of Bland ford , in the County of Dorset, and for determining Differences concerning.

Houses, burnt, or demolished, by reason of the late dreadful Fire, which happened there; and that Mr. Dodington, Mr. Dr ax, Mr. Serjeant Chappell, and Mr. Pleydtll, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do lay before this House, an Account of the N umber of Ships, with the Names of the Masters, that have, since the 29th of September, 1730, taken Licences, and given. Bond, for the Liberty to carry Rice from Carolina to the Southward of Cape Finisterre, in pursuance of an Act, intituled, "An Act for Liberty to carry Rice from his " Majesty's Province of Carolina in America, directly to " any Part of Europe, Southward of Cape in

Ships, built in, and belonging to, Great Britain, an<4 " navigated according to Law," and how many of the said Ships have returned to this Kingdom, and the Masters thereof re-delivered the Licences to the Commissioners of the Customs, as required by the said Act.

A Petition of the Justice* of the Peace, grand Jury, and other Gentlemen, and Freeholders, assembled at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, held at the City of Durham, in and for the County of the Twelfth

Day of January, 1731, was presented to the House, and read; complaining, that the Laws, made to discourage the Imputation of foreign Corn, have of late been evaded, by importing great Quantities of Corn, upon a fraudulent Certificate of the Price thereof at some one particular Port, and fending the said Corn Coastwise: And therefore praying, that the Mischiefs and Inconveniences,-complained of in the said Petition, may be considered, and that such Remedies may be applied to the lame, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Recorder, Merchants, and other principal Inhabitants, of the ancient Borough and Town of Stockton upon in the County Palatine of Durham, as also of the neighbouring Gentle-

men, Yeomen, and Farmers, was presented to the House, and read; comparting of the Importation of great Quantities of foreign Corn into divers Ports of this Kingdom, particularly, the Port of Pool, and permitting it to be re-shipped and transpoTted into other Ports thereof: And therefore prayirg, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repealing that Part of the Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, which gives Liberty, by Coast Diipatches, among other Goods, for re-shipping, and transporting of foreign Corn from one Port to another in this Kingdom, or that there be such other Law made for the Relief of the Petitioners, as mayfeem meet to the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Lord Morpeth presented to the House (according to Order) a Bill for enlarging the Term granted by an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for rebuilding the Pier and Harbour of Par ton, in the County of Cumberland; and the feme was received.

Mr. Sandys, from the Committee to whom the Petition of the Proprietors of the Charitable Corporation, for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with ftnall Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, assembled in their general Court, is referred, acquainted the House, that he was tlirested by the said Committee to report the Rel'ult of their Enquiry as to the Time, Manner, and other Circumstances, of George Esquire, and

John Thomson, withdrawing themselves into Parts beyond the Seas, when the House will please to receive the latne.

9 U Ordered,

Carrying Rice from Carolina.

Importation ol Corn.

Pai ton Harbour.

Charitable

Corporation.

Bail for Appearance of a Wunest.

Supply Bill; Duties on Malt, 4c.

CouflhukerV

Nat.

Writing.

mailers.

Petition on behalf of a Person in Custody#

Manchester

Roads.

814

Ordered That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Sandys also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the said Committee to move the House, that the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, do take such Bail of David Avery, now in his Custody, as shall be approved by Mr. Speaker, for the Attendance of the said David Avery, from time to time, on the said Committee, as often as he shall be required thereunto.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, do take such Bail of the said David , as shall be approved by Mr. Speaker, for the Attendance of the said David Avery, from time to time, on this House, or on the said Committee, as often as he shall be required thereunto.

Ordered, That the said David upon giving such Bail, be discharged out of the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House.

A Message from the Lords, by' Mr. and

- Mr. Thurson:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called , and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year 1732, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to naturalize Agnes Couffmaker, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 250 die Februarii;

Anno 5* Georgii IP* Regis, 1731. Praters.

A PETITION of the Writing-mailers, in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, wa t presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that, notwithstanding the Act, made in the Firth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, Numbers of Mechanicks, and

other ignorant Persons, intrude themselves into the Profession, and pretend to teach the Arts of Writing, of Arithmetick, and of Book-keeping, without the Title of a Seven Years Apprenticed! ip, or any Qualification for the fame, to the great Discouragement of the Petitioners, and Detriment of the Publick: And therefore praying the House to take the same of the Petitioners into Consideration, and grant them such Relief, by Bill, or otherwise, as to the House shall seem meet.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the said Petition be rejected.

A Petition of Mary Lease, Wife of Thomas , now a close Prisoner in his Majesty's Gaol of , was

Erefented to the House, and read; alleging, that her said lulband, being, by Order of the Hou e, committed close Prisoner to the said Gaol, for Prevarication in his Evidence before the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Proprietors of the Charitable Corporation, &c is referred, is deprived by such Restraint, of Subsistence, and mud want the common Necessaries of Life, for his Support: And therefore praying, that the House will be pleased, out of their great Compassion, to give Leave, that the Petitioner may have Access to her said Husband. Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Sir Robert Salusbury Cotton presented to the House

>S

A. 1731.

{according to Order) a Bill for the repairing and amending the Road leading from the Town of , in

the County Palatine of Lancaster, through the Town of Ashton under Lyne, and the Parish of Mot tram dale, and from thence to Salters Brook, in the County Palatine of Chester, and the same was received.

Sir Charles Turner presented to the House (according Supply, to Order) a Bill for reviving the Duties on Salt, for the Dmifi*' Term therein mentioned; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put.

That the said Bill be read a Second time on Thurjdaj Morning next:

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Telle* for the Yeas,{ JJj; f tfZfnmtfim J1'6'

Tellers for the Noes, j \

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Charles Daltom RoyalAfa Gentleman-ulber of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend his Majesty immediately in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty in the House of Peers:

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, that the House had attended his Majesty in the House of Peers, and that his Majesty had been pleased to give the Royal Assent to One publick and several private Bills following; viz.

An Act for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-two:

An Act to naturalize Leonard Lockman, Esquire:

An Act to naturalize Agnes Coujfmaker:

An Act to naturalize Thomas Malan, and Joseph Malan, and others.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Bacon, Sir Nathanael Dww-Curzon, Mr. Atmejley, Mr. Newland, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Wit0'i^4a, Heathcote, Mr. Edward Thompson, Mr. IVm,

Mr. Hamilton, and Mr. Peirfe, be added to the Committee, to whom all the Books, Instruments, and Papers, relating to the Sale of the Estate of ,late Earl of Derwentwater, which have been presented to the House, are referred.

Mr. Sdndys (according to Order) reported from the Ctofe* ComsTiittee, to whom the Petition of the Proprietors of the Charitable Corporation, for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums upon Pledges, at legal Interest, assembled in their general C#urt, is referred, the Relult of their Enquiry as to the Tune, Manner, and Circumstances, of George Robinson, Esquire, and John Thompson, withdrawing themselves into Parts

beyond the Seas: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as follows; viz.

Your Committee, in Obedience to your Order, of the 22d Instant, have enquired into the Time, Manner, and other Circumstances, of George

Jon, Esquire, withdrawing himself into Parts beyond the Seas;

And do find, that an Application was made by the Charitable Corporation to the Lord Chancellor, for the issuing of a Commission of Bankruptcy against the said George Robinson, alleging, that he was indebted to them in the Sum of£. 2,000. and upwards: That thereupon an Order was made, bearing Date the 18th Day of 1731, directing such a Commission to issue, and appointing

14° — 250 Februarii.

Geo. IL 2 C Februarii.81

ing Edward Green, Bartholomew Shower, Nathanael Gun-dry, Charles Bateman, and John Way, Esquires, Commissioners thereof:

That Thomas Hodgson, Clerk to the said Roiinfon, be-' ing sworn and examined, said, that on the 12th of -her last, at Seven in the Evening, the said asked him, what Notes and Bonds he had of the Charitable Corporation's: That he replied, he was not sure, but would count them: That he found them to be £.1,500. in Bonds, and £.i,coo. in Notes of £.100. each: That Robinson ordered him to meet him presently at the Bell Tavern, in Nicholas Lane, with the said Bonds, and Notes: That he met him there, and delivered them to laid Robinson; who told him, he was going Tomorrow into Norfolk, to Sir PhilipAflley's, who had a con-

lidcrable Sum in the Corporation's Notes, which were then due; and said, he would return on Saturday or Sunday following: That he never saw him more till his return into England, which was about Six Weeks after:

That he received a Letter from him, dated at Paris, in which he told him, he would return to London in a Week; and that he did so; but did not go to his own House: That the last time he saw him, before he withdrew himself the Second time, was at the Two Blue Posts, near Charing Cross, on a Monday; and that one Mr. Oconntr was with him, but had little Discourse with the said Robinson; but desired him to be at home the next Day, and he would fend for him: That the Examinant (laid in the w^y all that Day, and the next, but heard nothing of him till the Thursday, when he heard he was again withdrawn.

Mr. John Gratwick Cloivfe, Secretary to the Commission of Bankruptcy, was sworn and examined; and, being shewed the Proceedings against Robinson, said, they were his Hand-writing, and that he saw Edward , Bartholomew Shower, Charles Bateman, and John Way, Esquires, (ign the said Proceedings: And it appeared by them, that the said George Robinson was on the 17th of October last, found, and declared to be a Bankrupt, within the true Intent and Meaning of the l'everal Statutes, made concerning Bankrupts.

He further said, that one Mr. IVm. , an At-

torney, appeared several Times on behalf of the said Bankrupt, desiring the choice of Assignees might be deferred, for that the said Robinson did design to return; and that He had a Letter from Mr. Oconner, who went abroad with him, to that Purpose: That thereupon the Choice of Assignees was deferred till the 17th of December last; but that the said Mr. Robinson has never appeared before the Commissioners.

John Hodgson, Messenger to the Commissioners of the said Bankruptcy, being sworn, and examined, said, that he went by the Commissioners Direction, to summon the Bankrupt Three times to his House in street, and left Copies of his Warrant each time; and that due Notice had been given in the Gazette-, but has never attended the Commissioners of Bankruptcy:

That by the general Court Book of the said Corporation, 30th of November, 1731, it appeared, that Mr. George Robinson was attending at that Court: That he there made Proposals for (fating the Account between him and said Corporation, which was referred to the Examination of a joint Committee, of the Committee, and Assistants and Inspectors of that Corporation:

That by the Court of Committee Book of the said Corporation, of the 3d of December last, it appeared, that Mr. Robinson attended, and promised to exhibit his Account with the Corporation with all convenient Speed: That by the same Book, of the Ninth of December last, Mr. Robirfonlikewife attended, and informed the Committee, that he was expediting his Account, and that he lhou!d be able to finish it by Monday Sevennight: That Mr. John Venables, being (worn, and examined, said, that Mr. Robinson never appeared at any general Court, or Court of Committee, afterwards.

Mr, David Avery, being sworn, and examined, said, that in January last he saw Mr. George Robinson at Vol. 21.

Your Committee, in Obedience to your Order, of the Charitable 2ad Instant, have also enquired into the Time, <'or^oratlo*‘ Manner, and other Circumstances, of John,

late Warehouse-keeper, withdrawing hitr.self into Parts beyond the Seas;

And they do find, that an Application had been made by the Charitable Corporation to the Lord Chancellor, for ififuing a Commission of Bankruptcy against the said John Thomson, alleging, that he was indebted to them in the Sum of £.2,000. and upwards; and that th-reupon an Order was made the 18th Day of October, 1731, directing such a Commission to issue, appointing Charles Moore, Awnfham Churchill, Richard Fran/haw, Nicholas Merwin, and Edward Glass, Esquires, Commissioners thereof.

Thomas Leaf, being sworn, and examined, said, that he saw Thomson the 12th of October last in his own Office, and had no Apprehension of his going away, but that he withdrew himself that Night.

Mr. John Gratwick Clowfe, being again examined, and being shewed the Proceedings against John Thomson, said, they were his Hand-writing, and that he saw the said Charles Moore, Richard Franfhaw, and Edward , Esquires, (ign the said Proceedings: And it appeared by them, that the said John Thomson was on the 27th of October, 1731, found, and declared, to be a Bankrupt, within the true Intent and Meaning of the several Statutes, made concerning Bankrupts; and that the said Thomson never appeared before the said Commissioners.

John Hodgson, Messenger to the Commissioners, being again examined, said, that he went by Direction of the said Commissioners, to summon the Bankrupt, Three times, at the Corporation House on Lawrence Pountneys

Hill; and that he left Copies of his Warrants each time; and ihat due Notice had been given in the Gazette-, but has ntVer attended the Commissioners of Bank ruptcy.

Mr. David Avery, being examined again, said, that in January last he saw, John Thomson at a (mail Village near Paris.

That it appears to your Committee, that George Robinson was, by Orders of several Courts of Committee, intruded with great Part of the Cash of the said Corporation; and that great Sums appear to be still owing from him, no Account thereof having been yet settled.

And it further appeared to your Committee, that John Thomson was for several Years Warehouse-keeper to the said Corporation; and that he appears to be indebted to them in a very large Sum of Money.

That it also appears to your Committee, by several Examinations before them, that the said George Robinson and John Thomson are charged with great Frauds, and Breaches of Trust, towards the said Corporation; but, by reason that other Persons are involved in the fame, they have not thought fit to report those Examinations at prefen t.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Appearance of George Robinson, El'quire, at a certain Time, to be fixed in the Bill; and that Mr. Sandys, Mr.

Alderman Perry, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Pelham, Mr.. Attorney-general, Mr. Solicitor-general, and Mr. , do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to encourage, and compel John Thomson, Warehouse-keeper to the Charitable Corporation, for Belief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with (mail Sums upon Pledges, at legal Interest, and his Accomplices, to surrender themselves, with the Books and Effects of the said Company, at a certain Time, to be fixed in the Bill; and that Mr.

Sandys, Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. PMr. Attorney-general, Mr. Solicitor-genera!, and Mr. Bootle, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself Supply Bill; into a Committee of ths whole House, upon the Bill for Land Tax. granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1732, being read;

816 250 — 28° . A. 1731.

Resolved, That this House will, upon' Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to lit, notwithstanding any adjournment of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Luttce, 28° die Februarii;

Anno 5# Georgii IIdi Regis, 1731.

Prayers.

Watchfield A/f R. Packer reported from the Committee, to whom Inclosure. JL\ JL the Petition of George Willoughby, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Walchfteld, in the Parish of in the County of Berks, John, Lord Viscount Barrington, of the Kingdom of Ireland, Owner of Tythe Wool and Lamb there, Mark Stewart Esquire, Impro-

priator of the Ty thes of the said Parish, Alexander Denton, Esquire, one of the Justices of his Majesty's Court of Common Pleas, John Blagrave, Esquire, Thomas Fair-thorne, and other Owners and Proprietors of Land, lying dispersed in the common Fields, common Meadows, and other commonable Places, in Watchfield aforesaid, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and other Owners and Proprietors of Land in the said common Fields, and commonable Places, was referred; that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, ar\d afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as follows; viz.

That the Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, dated the 151I1 of February instant, proceeded to examine the Matter of the said Petition; and, to prove the Allegations of the fame, the following Witnesses were called,

Mr. Alexander Ready and Mr. Robert who

proved the signing of the Petition; but said, there are Three or Four Proprietors, who have not ligned it, yet were consenting, that the common Fields should be inclosed: The only reason those Three or Four Persons gave for not signing the Petition, was, because that they apprehended, they should thereby bring an Expence upon themselves.

The Witnesses further gave Evidence, that they believed, it would be much for the Advantage of all the Persons concerned, to have the said common Fields inclosed, as desired by the Petition.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for dividing and inclosing several common Fields and Meadows in Watchfield, in the Parish of Shrivenham, in the County of Berks-, and that Mr. Packer, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Rowney, Sir Win. Stapleton, and Sir John Stonehouse, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Recover)' of The House was moved, that a Copy of a Representa-Deb in tion to his Majesty from the Commissioners for Trade and Plantation*. Plantations, upon the Petition of several* Merchants of London, complaining, that as the Laws now stand in feme of his Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in America, his Subjects' of Great Britain have but a precarious or no Remedy for Recovery of their just Debts, and relating to partial Duties in some of the said Plantations, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more easy Recovery of Debts in his Majesty's Plantations and Colonies abroad; and that Mr. Serope and Mr. Alderman Perry do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Woollen A Petition of the Woollen Manufacturers, and Trades-Manubaure. men, concerned in the British Woollen Trade for Exportation, in and about tire Ci ties of Z.3«^o« and and

Borough of Southwark, on behalf of themselves, and Thou-

sands by them employed, throughout Great Britain, was presented to the House, and read; complaining, that the Woollen Trade of this Kingdom is (till in a declining State, occasioned by the exporting Wool, of the Growth of Great Britain, and Ireland, unmanufactured, to the Destruction of the landed, as well as trading, Interest of this Nation: And therefore praying, that the Consideration of the declining State of the British W oollen Trade for Exportation may be resumed, and such Means applied, to prevent the running of Wool, and Woollen Yarn, out of Great Britain, and all'o Wool, Woollen Yarn, and Woollen Goods, out of Ireland, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, and other Inhabitants, of the PariQi ot Paddington, in the County Chu^., of Middlesex, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was

presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that the Church-yard of the said Parish is become too trnall for the Burials of the Inhabitants thereof; and that the Right Reverend Father in God, Edmund, Lord Bishop of London, being, in Right of his See, leifed of a Piece of Ground, adjoining to the North Side of the said Churchyard, containing One hundred and Eight Feet in Length, and Thirty-four Feet in Breadth, is willing to annex the said Piece of Ground to the said Church-yard, for a reasonable Compensation to be made to himself, and his Success'ors; but that the same cannot be done effectually, without the Aid and Assistance of an Act of Parliament:

And therefore praying, that the House will be pleasedto give Leave to bring in a Bill for annexing the said Ground to the said Church-yard for the future.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Laroche, Mr. Satidys, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Serope, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Edgcumbt,

Sir Charles Wager, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Polhill, Mr. Plummer, Sir John Hinde Cotton, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Holland, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Packer, Lord Percival, Mr. Berkley, Mr. Bramfion, Mr.

Mr. Huxley, Sir John Barrington, Sir Abra. Elton, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Cl utter buck, Mr. Mr.

Gib Jon, Mr. Williams, Sir Nicholas Williams, Mr. Digit?,

Mr. Marlin, Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. More, Mr. Hacks, Mr. Heathcote, Mr. Booth, Mr. Crosse, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Copplefton, Mr. Lumley, Mr. and

all the Members that serve for the County of And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Liu

L:

k;o

Mr. Comptroller acquainted the House, that he had Ctoiali received his Majesty's Commands to lay before the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

Copy of the Petition of the Charitable Corporation, 172a; and also.

Copy of Lord Townshend's Letter to Mr. Attorney-general, 7th June, 1722; and all'o,

Copy of Mr. Attorney-general's Letter to Lord Townshend, 8th June, 1722; and all'o,

Copy of his late Majesty's Licence, 25th June, 1722; and also.

Copy of the Petition of the Charitable Corporation,

1721; and also.

Copy of Mr. Attorney-general's Report thereupon,

24th February, 172!; and also.

Copy of his Majesty's Licence, 21st 172S; and also.

Copy of the Petition of the Charitable Corporation,

1729; and also.

Copy of Mr. Attorney general's Report thereupon,

7th April, 1730; and also,

Copy of his Majesty's Licence, 31st 1730.

» And

5 Geo. II. Februarii. 817

And Mr. Comptroller presented the said Papers to the H< use, together with a Lilt of them.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered \That the said Papers be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Proprietors of the Charitable Corporation, for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, assembled in their general Court, is referred. The laid Papers are. bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Bsilfor ap- Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, that he did not

pearance of a approve the Bail, which had been, proposed to him, in Wanes, consequence of the Order of this House, of the 24th of this instanl February, by David , now in the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House } but that the said Avery could not procure any other Sureties, more sufficient: And therefore Mr. Speaker, having first communicated to the House Draughts of the several Conditions of the Bail Bonds, to be entered into by the said David Avery, and his Sureties, which were approved by the House, desired the Direction of the House as to the Penalties of the said Bail Bonds.

Littl* Mr. Compton reported from the Committee, to whom Kiaeton the Petition of William Sheppard, Esquire, Francis nclolure. ^-nan(j Thomas Mander, Gentlemen, Trustees and Guardians of Edward Bentley, Esquire, an Infant, Lord of the Manor of Little Kineton, in the County of Warwick, Impropriator and Owner of all the Corn and great Tythes, and of all the vicarial and other Tythes, within the said Manor, or Township, of Little Kineton, aforesaid, and Patron of t he Vicarage of the said Parish Church of the said Town, Thomas Newjliam, Esquire, Thomas Venour, Gentleman, John Eborne, Edward Smith, William,

Thomas Worrall, James Worrall, Francis Wm.

Florjeman, Samuel Hitchcox, Timothy Pratt,

Widow, Humphry Norton, Elizabeth , Elizabeth Davis, Richardson Savage, and Richard , on be-

half of themselves, and others, the rest of the Land-owners in the said Manor, or Township, was referred; that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House: And he lead (lie Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered ft in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as follows; viz.

The Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, dated the 21st February instant, proceeded to examine the Matter of the said Petition; and, to prove the Allegations of the fame, the following W'itnefi'es were called; viz.

Mr. John Mander; who said that he saw all the Petitioners sign the Petition, presented to the House; and that the Petitioners were all the Persons interclled in the said common Fields, desired to be inclosed, except Two, one whereof was willing to con lent, viz. Thomas Margotts, who, the Witness said, was Owner of Four Yard Lands and Three Quarters, provided, he had about Thirty Acres of Land allotted him, as Part of his Share, in a particular Place, adjoining to his House:

That the whole Lands, proposed to be inclosed, and exchanged, are Forly-six Yard Lands and half.

The said John Mander further laid, that one Silvester Spruce, the other Perlbu, that had not signed the Petition, had given his Consent to the Inclosure, bur was not in the way, to sign the Petition.

That a Probate of the Will of Mr. Bentley, deceased, was produced to the Committee; which appoints the said Mr. Sheppard, Mr. Loggin, and Mr. Thomas,

Guardians of the said Edward Bentley, the Infant; who all appeared before the Committee, and gave their Confirms to inclosing the said Lands.

Mr. Robert Capp said, that Mr. Bentley, the Infant, is Impropriator and Owner of all the Corn and great and small Tythes within the said Manor and Parish of and Patron of the Church of Kineton.

VOL. 21.

That all the Witnesses said, that the exchanging, inclosing, and reducing into Severalty, the said common Fields, will be of general Advantage to all the Persons interested therein,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for exchanging, inclosing, and reducing into Severalty, several common Fields, common Meadows, and waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Kineton, in the County of Warwick; and that Mr. Compton, -

Mr. Digby, and Mr. Peyio, do prepare, and bring in, , the fame.

A Petition of the insolvent Debtors* confined in the Debtor* Prison of Ludgate, was presented to the House, and read; Petition, complaining, that the late Act, fot the Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons, has not answered the good Intent of the Legislature: And therefore praying, that a Bill may be brought in for their Enlargement, without Limitation of Sum, upon the Delivery of their All, under any Penalty, or otherwise to be relieved, as to the House thall seem meec.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are there* Kensington unto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and the other Roads. Trustees, appointed to put in Execution an Act, of 1 he 12th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads in the Parishes of Ken-sington, Chelsea, and Fulham, and other Parishes therein mentioned, in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of the Frauds and Abuses, committed by some late Collectors of the Toll, appointed to be raised by virtue of the said Act; and alleging, that the said Trustees have not hitherto been able to compel the said Collectors to give a trite Account of the Sums of Money by them received, and converted to their own Ule, or to pay over the Money, so by them received, into the Hands of the Trustees, as is directed by the said Act; and that the said Toll will, as the Petitioners fear, be considerably diminished, and the Security of the Persons who have lent large Sums of Money upon the Credit of the said Toll, will be JelTened, unless feme Provision be made by Parliament, to explain, and render effectua!, the said Act, for the Purposes aforesaid:

And therefore praying the House to take the Premises. into Confide ration, and to grant the Petitioners such'

Relief therein, as to the House shall seem meer.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Laroche, Mr. CroJJe, Sir Nathanael Curzsn, Mr. More, Mr. Hucks, Mr.

Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Bttcon, Mr. , Mr. St.

Quintin, Mr. Ramsden, Major Selwyn, Mr. Heathcote,

Sir JuJliniam Isham, Lord Malpas, Sir Charles,

Sir Nicholas Williams, Mr. Tower, Colonel Mr.

Huxley, Sir Rowland Aljion, Mr. Bramston, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Sir Henry Gough, Mr. Danvers, Sir Roger Meredith, Mr. Winnington, Sir A bra. , Mr. Lyjler,

Mr. Wyndham, Mr. Clutterbuck; and all the Members, that serve for the Counties of Middlef and Surry: And they are to meet this Afternoon,'at Five of the Clock,' in the Speaker'9 Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Keeper of his Majesty's Prison witnesses to of Newgate do from time to time bring Thomas Ltaft, be brought up now a Prisoner in his Custody, to the Committee, to in CuttoJy. whom the Petition of the Proprietors of the Charitable Corporation, for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Suras, upon Pledges, at legal interest, assembled in their general Court, is referred, in order to his being examined, as often as the said Committee Qrall think fit to require the same; and that the Speaker do issue his Warrant accordingly.

9 X

Qualification of Justices ot Peace.

Appeals

before Justices of Peace

Bail for appearance ot; Wicnels.

518 28° Februarii. A. 1731.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, do bring David Ave, now a Prisoner in his Custody, from time to time, until he shall be bailed, according to the Order of this House, of the 24th of this indant February, to the said Committee, in order to his being examined, at often as the said Committee shall think fit to require the fame.

A Bill for the further Qualification of Justices of the Peace, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill to oblige the Justices of the Peace, at their Quarter Sessions, to proceed to determine Appeals to them, according to the Merits of the Cafe, notwithstanding Defects of Form in the original Proceedings, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Sandys, Mr. Hr am ft on. Sir John Hind , Sir Geo. Mr.

Turner, Sir Edmund Bacon. Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Palmer, Lord Ma.'pas, Mr. Mr.

Mai or Selxvyn, Mr. Huxley, Mr. , Lord

Manors, L.o d Per rival, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Scrape, Mr. Orlebar, Mr. Polkill, Mr L Mr. Byng, Sir John Rufhout, Loid Morpeth, Mr. Mr.

Norris, Mr. More, Sir Nicholas Williams, Major Compton, Mr. Owen, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Powlett, Mr. Vernon-, and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet, this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Bail to be taken according to the Order of this House, of the 14th oftlvs instant February, for the Attendance of David Avery from time to time on this House, or on the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Proprietors of the Charitable Corporation, for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with (mail Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Intend, assembled in their general Court, is referred, as often as he shall be required thereunto, be in the penal Sum of £. 500. by himself, and £. -50 by each of his Sureties.

The Bail Bonds, entered into by the said David Avery, and his Sureties, with the several Conditions thereof, are as follow; viz.

NOVERINT universi per presentes, me Davidem Avery, de Adams Court, Broad-street, in civitat. London, mercator. teneri. et firmiter obligari fere-nilfimo Domino n'ro Georgia secundo, Dei gratia Magne Britannia;, Francis*, et Hib'ni®, Regi, fidei detenfor, &c. in quingent. librisbotweet legalis m-nt.tat Magna; Britannia;, solvend. eidem D'no Regi, heredihz vcl executor, luis; ad quam quidem solutionem bene et fideliter faciend. obligo me, heredcs, executores, et administratorcs, meos, firmiter per presentes, sigillo meo figillat. Dat. l"* die Martii, anno r'ni d'c'i n'ri Georgii 2ai Regis, &c. quinto, armoq; D'ni 1731.

Whereas on Friday, the Eighteenth Day of February, One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-one, it was reported to the House of Commons, from the Committee of the said House, to whom the Petition of the Proprietors of the Charitable Corporation, for.Reiief of indus-- trioua Poor, by assisting them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, assembled in their general Court, is referred, that the said Committee, having Reason to apprehend, that the above-bound David Avery, who had been intruded with a great Quantity of the Effects belonging to the said C lrporation, and was a material Wit-nels to be examined by the said Committee on the Subject-matter of their Enquiry, intended to withdraw himself from Examination, had di redied the House to be

moved, that the said David Avery should he taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, attending the said House, in order to his being examined; whereupon it was ordered by the House, that the said David should be taken into the Custody of the said Serjeant at Arms; and the said David Avery was accordingly taken, and now continues, in such Custody: And whereas by an Order of the said House, made on ibe Twenty-fourth Day of the same Month, it was ordered, that the said Serjeant at Arms should take Security of the said David , for his Attendance from time to time on the said House, (iron the said Committee, in such manner, as in the said Order is express'ed, and thereupon, the said David Avery should be discharged out of Custody: Now the Condition of this Obligation is such, that, if the said David Avery [hail attend on the House of Commons, or on the said Committee, from time to time, during the present Selim of Parliament, as often as lie shall be thereunto required by any Order of the said House, or of the said Committee, Notice in Writing of such Order being left at his, the said David Avery's, now Dwelling-house, situate in Adams Court, Broad-street, in the City of London, then this Obligation to be void, or else to remain in foil Force and Virtue.

Seal and delivered (being

first duly (lamp;) in the David Avery. ()

Presence of,

IV.m. James,

Jo" Pope,

Andrew Crawford.

NOVERINT universi per presentes, me Thomam Lingood, deThrogmorton-street. in civitat.London, mercator. teneri et firmiter obligaii fereniffimo Domino n'ro Georgio fetundo, Dei gratia Magna; Britannia, Francis*, et Hibernia;, Regi, fidei de-fenfor, &c. in ducent. et quinqagint. libris bon* et legalis monetse Magna; Britinniae, solvend. eidem D 'no Regi, heredibz vel executor, fuis; ad quam quidem solutionem bene et fideliter faciend. obligo me, heredes, executores, et administratores, meos, firmiter per presentes, sigillo meo figillat. Dat. prinio die Martii, anno regni dicti Domini nostri Georgii secundi Regis, &c. quinto, annoq; Domini 1731.

Whereas on Friday, the Eighteenth Day of February, One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-one, it was reported to the House of Commons, from the Committee of trie said House, to whom the Petition of the Pro* pr etors of the Charitable Corporation, for Relief of industrious Poor, by aflifiing them with (mail Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, assembled in their general Court, is referred, that the said Committee, having Reason to apprehend, that David Avery, who had been intruded with a great Quantity of the Effidls belonging to the said Corporation, and was a material Witness to lie examined by the said Committee on the Subject.matter of their Enquiry, intended to withdraw himselffrom Examination, had dire (Red the House to be moved, that the said David Avery should be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, attending the said House, in order to his being examined; whereupon it was ordered by the House, that the said David Avery should be taken into the Custody of the said Serjeant at Arms; ant] the faii David Avery was accordingly taken, and now continues, in such, Custody: And whereas by an Order of the said House, made on the Twenty-fourth Day of the same Month, it was ordered, that the said S.rjeant at Arms should take Security of the said David Avery, for his Attendance from time to time on the said House, or on the said Committee, in such manner, as in the said Order is expressed, and thereupon the said David Avery should be discharged out of Custody: Now the Condition of this Obligation is such, that, if the said David Avery shall Attend on the House of Commons, or on the !aid*Committee, from time to time, during the present Session of Parliament, as often as he shall be thereunto required by any Order of the said House, or of the said Committee.

Notice

5 Geo. II.

Notice in Writing of such Order being left at his, the said David Avery's, now Dwelling-house, situate in Adams Court, Broad-street, in the City of London, and at the House of the above-bounden Thomas Ungood, situate in Throgmorton-street, in the City of , then this

Obligation to be void, or else to remain in full Force and Virtue.

[Sealed] and delivered (being first

[duly] stamped) in the Presence Tho. Lingood. (,) of ([the] Words, " the abovebounden," being [first] blotted out in the Condition on the [other] Side)

fVm. James,

Jon Pope,

Andrew Crawford.

N O V E RIN T universi per presentes, me WilPutti Dare, de Bishopsgate-street, in civitat. London, gen. teneri et firmiter obligari fereniflimo Domino n'ro Georgio secundo, Dei gratia Magna: Britannia: Franciae, et Hibernia:, llegi, fidei defenfor. &c. in ducent. et quinquagint. libris bonae et legalis monetae Magna: Britannia:, solvend. eidem D'no Regi, heredibz velexecutoribz fuis; ad quam qui-dem lolutionem beneet fideliter faciend. obligo me, heredes, executores, et administratores, meos, firmiter, per presentes, sigillo meofigillat. Dat. primo die Martii, anno regni dicti Domini nollri Georgii secundi Regis, &c. quinto, annoq; Domini 1731.

Whereas on Friday, the Eighteenth Day of February One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-one, it was reported to the House of Commons, from the Committee of the said House, to whom the Petition of the Proprietors of the Charitable Corporation, for the Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with ftnall Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, assembled in their general Court, is referred, that the said Committee, having Reason to apprehend, that David , who had been intruded with a great Quantity of the Effcils belonging to the said Corporation, and was a material Witness to beexamined by the said Committee on the Subject-matter of their Enquiry, intended to withdraw himself from Examination, had directed the House to be moved, that the said David Avery should be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, attending the said House, in order to his being examined; whereupon it was ordered by the House, that the said David Avery (houkl be taken into the Custody of the said Serjeant at Arms; and the said David Avery was accordingly taken, and now continues, in such Custody: And whereas by an Order of the said House, made on the Twenty-fourth Day of the same Month, it was ordered, that the said Serjeant at Arms should take Security of the said David , for his Attendance from time to time on the said House, or on the said Committee, in such manner, as in the said Order is expressed, and thereupon the said David Avery should be discharged out of Custody: Now the Condition of this Obligation is such, that, if the said David Avery shall attend on the House of Commons, or on the said Committee, from time to time, during the preservt Session of Parliament, as often as he shall be thereunto required by any Order of the said House, or of the said Committee, Notice in Writing of such Order being left at his, the said David Avery's, now Dwelling-house, situate in Adams Court, Broad-fleeet, in the City of , and

at the House of the above-bounden William Dare, situate in Bishopfvate-street, in the said City of London, then this

Obligation to be void, or else to remain in full Force and Virtue.

Sealed and delivered in the W. Dare. ( )

Prelence of us,

fi'm.James,

JtP Pope,

Andrew Crawford.

Vol. 31.

819

NOVERINT universi per presentes, me Samuel Stuart, de Channel Row, in paroch S'c'e Margarettee,

Westm'. arm. teneri et firmiter obligari fereniflimo Domino n'ro Georgio secundo, Dei gratia Magna!

Britannia*, Franci®, et Hibernia:, Regi, fidei defenfor. &c. in ducent. etquinquagintt libr. bon® et legalis monet® Magna Britannia, solvend. eidem D°no Regi, heredibz vel executor; fuis; ad quam quidem solutionem bene et fideliter faciend. obligo me, heredes, executores, et administratores, meos* firmiter per presentes, sigillo meo figillat. Dat. primo die Martii, anno regni dicti D'ni nostri Georgii secundi Regis, &c. quinto, annoq j Domini

,73I*

Whereas on Friday, the Eighteenth Day of February One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-one, it was reported to the House of Commons, from the Committee of the said House, to whom the Petition of the Proprietors of the Charitable Corporation, for the Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, assembled in their general Court, is referred, that the said Committee, having Reason to apprehend, that David Avery, who had been intrusted with a great Quantity of the Effects belonging to the said Corporation, and was a material Witness to be examined by the said Committee on the Subject-matter of their Enquiry, intended to withdraw himself from Examination, had directed the House to be moved, that the said David Avery should be taken into Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, attending the said House, in order to his being examined; whereupon it was ordered by the House, that the said David Avery, should be tabeh into the Custody of the said Serjeant at Arms; and the said David Avery was accordingly taken, and now continues, in such Custody: And whereas by an Order of the said House, made on the Twenty-fourth Day of the same Month, it was ordered, that the said Serjeant at Arms should take Security of the said David Avery, for his Attendance from time to time on the said House, or on the said Committee, in such manner, as in the said Order is expressed, and thereupon the said David Avery should be discharged out of Custody: Now the Condition of this Obligation is such, that, if the said David Avery shall attend on the House of Commons, or on the said Committee, from time to time, during the present Sefllo;i of Parliament, as often as he shall be thereunto required by any Order of the said House, or of the said Committee,

Notice in Writing cf such Order being left at his, the said David Avery's, now D a elling-hous:, situate in Adami Court, Broad-Jireet, in the City of , and at the

House of the above-bounden Samuel Stuart, situate In Channel Row, in the Parish of St. Margaret's, Westminster, then this Obligation to be void, or else to remain in full Force and Virtue.

Sealed and delivered in the Pre- Sam1 Stuart. (,) fence of us (the Words, " the above-bounden, " being first blotted out in the above Condition)

IVm. James,

Jo" Pope,

Andrew Crawford.

The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself Supply Bill; into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Land Tax. Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred- and Thirty-two, being read;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause to make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax, for the Year 1730, out of the Supplies, granted for the Year 1732.

Then

8° Februariu

820 'i 8° 19° F. 1731.

Then the Hotife resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that they had made a Progress in the Bill, and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning Nine of the Clock.

Mart is) 29° die Februarii;

Anno 5* Georgii II41 Regis, 1731. Prayers.

THE House being informed, that Mr. , from the Exchequer, attended at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of what Money has been received into nt(f, the Exchequer in England, from that Part of Great E«.' tain called Scotland, since Christ 1716, distinguillung f'ra each Head, and each Year; and also, u'of'

An Account of the net Produce, into the Receipt of q, . the Exchequer, of the several Branches of the Civil List kt>tje Revenues, from Michaelmas 1715. to Lady-day 1727, distinguishing each Year, and what has been received since Lady-day 172 7, on account of what was due to his late Majesty'sCivil Lift to that time.

And he also presented to the House a Return to their Order, for an Account of what Sums of Money have been received in the Exchequer, for the Aggregate Fund, on account of the Surplusses of his late Majesty's Civil List Revenues, from Michaelmas 1715, to Lady-day 1717, distinguishing each Year, and what has been received since Lady-day 1727, on that account.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts, and the said Return, were read.

The said Accounts and Return are as follows; viz.

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled:

Aw ACCOUNT of what Money has been received into the Exchequer in England, from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, since Christmas 1716, distinguishing each Head, and each Year.

From Christmas 1716, to Christmas 1717. Land Tax A. 1716, called t6th 4 Aid A6. 1714, called 4th 2 Aid

A*. 17c ----- -----3d Aid

Additional A°. Excise ——

Land Tax A. 1715, called 5th is. Aid

A. 1717 ----- ---5th

Aid

From Christmas 1717, to Christmas 17x8. Land Tax A\ 1716, called 16th 4*. Aid - -

A\ 1714 ----- -4th is. Aid

A. 1715 ----- -- 5th is. Aid

A'. 1717 ----- -- 5th js. Aid

A'. 1718 ----- -- 6th 3J. Aid

From Christmas 1718, to Christmas 1719. Land Tax A'. 1717, called 5th 3/. Aid A\ 1718 ----- ----- ----- ----- - 6th 31. Aid

From Christmas 17x9, to Christmas 17 to Land Tax A‘. 1717, called 5th js. Aid A. 1718

A. 1719 A. 1720

6th 7th 8 th

Forfeitures for Treason

3 s-3 s 3 s-

Aid

Aid

Aid

From Christmas 1 720, to Christmas 1721, Land Tax A\ 1718, called 6th 3J. Aid

A\ 17*9 7th 3J. Aid

A\ 1720 ----- -----8th is. Aid

Forfeitures for Treason -

Land Tax A. 1721, called 9th 3/. Aid

Land Tax A'. 1719, called 7th 35.

From Christmas 1721, to Christmas 1722.

Aid

A\ 1720 ----- ---8th 3J. Aid

A. 1721 ----- --9th 3 Aid

A\ x722 ----- ---6th 2j. Aid

From Christmas 1722, to Christmas 1723. Land Tax A\ 1720, called 8th 3*. Aid

A. 1721 ----- ---9th 3J. Aid

A'. 1722 ----- ---6th Aid

A. 1723 ----- -7 th 2 Aid

£ s. d. 28,100 — — 527 8 11

6y2 II 7

j,37o ——

I,8oo ——

5,000 ——

4*074 a 1 149 11 8

777 — 7

25*700 ——

3»5°o ——

3,600 ——

22,100 -- —

L459 14 6 9,600 — —

20,500 ——

2,500 ——

22,825 ——

765 10 io£

14,500 ——

24,000 ——

4»79* 10 — 2,500 ——

965 10 10? 8,500 — — !9>8oo — — l, COo — —

965 10 II

12,700 ——

13,800 ——

1,500 — —

d.

37*4 90

- 6

34,200 14 4

25,700 — -

56,884 14 6

46,557 - mi

30,265 K>

t3,o5c 10 11 From

5 Geo. II. 29°

From Christmas 1723, to 1724. Land Tax 1721, called 9th Aid -

A9. 1722 — 6th 2 Aid -

A9. 1723 — 7th 2 s. Aid -

A\ 1724 — 8th 2^. Aid -

From Chrijhnas 1724, to Christmas 1725. Land Tax ^4*. 1722, called, Oth 2 s. Aid - _ - _ -

A*. 1723 — . 7th 2f.Aid -

A*. 1724 — 8th 2f. Aid - -

A\ 1 725 — 9th 2 Aid -

From Chrijhnas 1725* to Chrijhnas 1726. Land Tax A°. 1723, called 7th Aid -A9. 1734 — r 8th.af.Aid -

A9. 1725 — 961 2f. Aid -

Malt 1725.....-

Coinage Duty . -

From Chrijhnas 1726, to Christmas 1727, Land Tax ^4*. 1724, called 8th Aid -

A*. 1725 — 9th 2 Aid -

Malt 172 5 - -

Malt 1726 ——

Land Tax.-/*. 1726, called 10 th 2 s. Aid -

From Christmas 1727, to Christmas 1728. Land Tax A*. 1724, called 8th Aid -

A°. 1725 — 9th 2S. Aid -

Malt 1726 ——

Land Tax A9. 1726, called lotli 2 s. Aid -

A*. 1727 — 17th 4* Aid -

Malt 1727....

Land Tax A9. 1728, called 10th 3 s. Aid -

From Christmas 1728, to Christmas 1729. Land Tax A9. 1727, called 17 th 4 s.Aid -

Malt 1727.....*

Land Tax A*. 1728, called 10th 3-y. Aid -

Malt 1728.....-

Land Tax y/". 1729, called 1 ith 3 s. Aid -

From Christmas 1729, to Christmas 1730. Land Tax A*. 1728, called loth 3.?. Aid -

Malt 1728 ....

Land Tax A*. 1729, called nth 3s. Aid -

A9. 1730 — 11th 2 s. Aid -

From Christmas 1730, to Christmas 1731. Land Tax A9. 1728, called 10th 35. Aid -

A9. 1729 — 11th 3 s. Aid -

A9. 1730 — nth Aid -

Malt 1729....

Malt 1730 ——

1-nd Tax A9. 1731, called 12th 2 s. Aid -

£ d-

-965 10 101 7,352 2 10

16,500 ——

2,400 ——

824 17 9

5,000 ——

15,100 ——

2,400 ——

977 — 7

3,800 ——

12,000 ——

14,100 ——

448 ——

2,300 ——

8,000 ——

8,900 -

14,020 ——

14,200 ——

375 — 7 *,574 — 7 5,387 18 iof

9,746 — 7

35,000 ——

3,*03 608 2,000 ——

12,917 2

13,730 ——

10,000 ——

4,000 ——

1,300 ——

10.400 -

14,300 ——

21.400 -

1,200 ——

4.000 — — -

10,800 ——

13,900 ——

20,000 ——

6.000 -

1,200 ——

£. s.

37,217 13 8*

23,324 17 9

3L325 — 7

48,020 ——

57,i86 7 3$

50,947 > 2

47»300 ——

55,900 ——

Exchequer, 29th February 1731.

In all - 601,284 12 6

Alexander

To the honourable the Knights, Citizeus, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled:

An ACCOUNT of the net Produce, into the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the several Branches of the Civil List Revenues, from Michaelmas 1725, to Lady-day 1727, distinguishing each Year, and what has been received Cnee Lady-day 1727, on account of what was due to his late Majesty's Civil List to that time.

From Michaclims 1725, to Michaelmas 1726. New Subsidies, Qc. ——

Hereditary and temporary Excise -

letter Money ——

L role is ——

Seizures ——

Alienation Office ——

M ine Licences ——

Rents of Grants ——

Competitions ——

Sale of Lands ——

Fines of Lealcs ——

£. s. d. £. s. d. 245,064 4 iof 264,030 16 —

30,623 16 5 658 15 2 35,058 3 10*

917 6 8

6,200 ——

126 13 4 1 2 8

4,777 13

4,128 14 4

----- ----- ----- - 59L587 6 5

Vox.. 21.

9Y

From

821 *9° Februarii. ~A.

From' Midiaebms 1726, to Lady-day 1727. s. d.

New Subsidies, 8$c. ' - - - - - - - " ~ 112,402 51- * d.

Hereditary and temporary Excise - - - 127,854 8 9

Letter Money - - , 11,900 ——

Prefers - - - - 220 2 9

Seizures - - - - 9,186 17 i£

Alienation Office - - 1,290 16 8

Wine Licences * - 1,881 3 5f

Rents of Grants - - 6 13 4:

Fines of Leases - - . - 1,793 *9 2

; . ^536 6 4

; Total - -

The following Sums have been received since Lady-day 1727, on account of*what was due to his' lateM^T

Civil List before the 11 tli of June 1727; ^t-Vj

From Ladu-dau 1727, to Lad\)-day 1728. £. s. d.~ f,

New Subsidies, §c. - - - 94,633 7 7} 1

Hereditary and temporary Exche -.....-i 25,455 7 4*

Letter Money - - - - 34,188 — 8

Prefers - - - - ----- - - - 407 11 8f

Seizures - - 16,668 ----- --i:

Alienation Office ----- ----- -- 738 5 2$

Wine Licences - - - - 6,400 — —

Rents of Grants - - -- . - -- - - 6134

Sale of Lunds - - - 486 12 —

Fines of Leafss - - 3,215 — 6

1 2S2,iq8 18 0

From Lady-day \~2&, to Lady-day 1729.

New Subsidies, 8$c. - - - - 11,227 9 9i

Hereditary and temporary Excise - - -" - - - - 390 ——

Letter Money - - - - ----- - - 7,162 14 9

Prefers - ~o ~ - - - -' 87179

Seizures - - - - 2,004 7 — f

jRentS of Grants - - - 21134

Fines of Leases ----- ----- 690 ——

----- ----- ----- ----- ----- -- 21,584 o g

From Lady^day 1729, to Lady-day 1730.

New Subsidies, <!yc. - -- 5,765 4 1

Letter Money - - - - -' - - - 1,604 2 7

Prefers - - - - 388

Seizures - - - ' 3,342 2 iif

Wine Licences - -- - 1,500 — —

Rents of Grants - - - ... 30 ——

Fines of Leases - - . - - -- - - - - 900 ——

----- ----- ----- ----- ----- -131*44 18

From Lady-day 1730, to Lady-day 1731.

Letter Money - - 1,700 — —

Prefers - -- -- - - -- 8 7 —

Seizures - - 2,170 — -7

Rents of Grants - 80 ——

Fines of Leases - - 90 ——

' 4,048 7 7

From Lady-day 1731, to the 15th of February 1731, the Time of ordering

this Account to be nia4p.

Prefers - - - 7108

Seizures - -- 700 6 1

-' ' / ' SoC id q

Total from Michaelmas 1725, to Lady-day 1727 - 858,123 12 9 ——

Total iVom Lady-day 1727 ----- 321,783 3 4 £. 321,783 3 4

In all - - £. 1,179,906 16 1

; — ----- ----- Alexander Chock.

AYS..By an A£fc, 11° Annet, .£. 35^000 per Annum was appropriated out of the Civil List Revenues, for 32 Years, from Michaelmas 1713, for which-no Deduction is made in the foregoing Account.

_ f-T

Exchequer, -29th February 1731.

t

fee

fe.

To

5 Geo. II.

ap° Februa

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Bnrgefles, in Parliament assembled:

IN Obedience to your Order, of the 15th of *73*.

" That the proper Officer do lay before this House, " an Account of what Sums of Money have l>cen received " in the Exchequer, for the Aggregate Fund, on account " of the Surplusses of his late Majesty's Civil List Revenues, from Michaelmas 1715, to Lady-day 1727, " distinguishing each Year, and what has been received "since Lady-day 1727, on that Account

I humbly set forth, that there is no Mention made of what Sums have been received in the Exchequer, for the Aggregate Fund, on Account of the Surplusses of his late Majesty's Civil List Revenues; but it appears, that several Sums of Money have been set apart, to make good the Surplusses of the Civil Lilt Revenues, arisen in the several Years following; viz.

To make good Surplusses arisen: £ $. d.

From Michaelmas 1715, to Michael-

mas 1718 j 63,046 0 8i

To Michaelmas 1719 - 82,187 12 oi

To Michaelmas 1720 - 102,682 7 Hi

To Michaelmas 1721 13,309 14 0 k

To Michaelmas 1722 - 68,612 1 10i

To Michaelmas 1723 - 123,307 6 2j

To Michaelmas 1724- 117,033 2 5

To Michaelmas 1723 - 18,681 *9 5i

To Michaelmas 172b - 31,442 9 0 i

To Lady-day 1727 - 1,916 12 3i

i 722,219 6 Of

Which said Sums have licen carried to the Aggregate Fund, and from thence to the Sinking Fund, and applied towards discharging the nublick Debts.

From Lady-day 1727, no Sums of Money have been set apart, as a Surplus of his late Majesty's Civil List Revenues, received in the Exchequer since that Time.

Exchequer, 29th Day of

lebruary 1731.

Ordered, That the said Accounts, and Return, do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

Manchester A Bill for the repairing and amending the Road lead-Roads. ing from the d own of M, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, through the Town of under Lyne,

and the Parish of Mottram and from

thence to Saltern Brook, in the County Palatine of Chester, was read the First time.

Refulvcd, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Woollen A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, chief Burgesses,

Manufacture. and principal Inhabitants, trading in the Woollen Manufacture, in the ancient Borough of , and in the

Towns adjacent, presented to the House, add read; complaining of the Decay of the Woollen Manufashire in the said Town, and Parts adjacent, occasioned, as the Petitioners apprehend, by the running of great Quantities S of Wool from Great Britain and Ireland into foreign Parts: And therefore praying, that the House will take this Affair into their most serious Consideration, and afford l'uch Relief therein, as the House shall see fit

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ballad from A Petition of the Merchants, and Masters and Owners the Thame* of Ships, whose Names are thereunto l'ubscribed, Inhabitants of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, was presented to the House, and read; complaining, that the Petitioners are compelled to pay an excessive Price for Ballast, on the River 7 'homes, to the Patentees of the Ballastage of Ships; and that they risque the Loss of their Ships, Navigators, and Loading, and are delayed in their Voyages, if they do not comply with the Exactions of the said Patentees, who have neglected to dry Ballast on Shore, and to pro-. Vol. 21.

vide Lighters, sufficient for haliafting of Ships, and yet' will not permit the Petitioners to supply themselves with Ballast: And therefore praying, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the more effectual cleariling the 1

River Thames from Shelves, which obstruct the Navigation thereof; for the better reforming the Practices of rife said Patentees, or Persons employed in furriithing Ilal-lait, and ascertainrng the Weight, Measures, and Price, thereof; and for fuel) other Relief concerning the Premises, as to the House shall fcem meet

Ot'dered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of le-veral Merchants, Mailers and Ownors of Ships, trading mi the River Thames, whose Names arc thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and other Merchants, Matters and Owners of Ships, on the said River, is referred.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Paper* re- Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to give Di- speftingTri-re&ions, that the several Petitions and Certificates of fe- nuy ou tf* veral Masters and Owners of Ships, presented to his late Majesty in the Year t 715, and from thence to the Year 1720, complaining of divers Abuses committed by the Master, Wardens, and Assistants, of the of

Deptford Strand, together with all Proceedings relating thereto, may be laid bclore this House.

Ot'dered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by fuel* Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

A Petition of the Serge-makers, and other Traders and Woollen Dealers in the Woollen Manufacture, in Kettering, in tb$ Manufacture* ('ounty of Northampton, on yfe lichalf of themselves, and all others, Traders and Dealers in the feme Manufacture in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of the Exportation of Wool, of the Growth of England and Ireland, to foreign Parts:

And praying Redraft.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Debtors in his Majesty s Prison of the Debtors King's Bench, in' behalf of themselves, and upwards of P«»ion. Seven hundred other Prisoners, eohlined for Debt in the same Prison, was presented to the House, and read; complaining that the late Act for Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons, has not answered the good Intent of the Legislature: And therefore praying, that a Bill may be brought in, for the Relief of all insolvent Debtors, without Limitation of Sum, upon the Surrender of all their Estate and Eftefts, or otherwise to be relieved, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered \That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The House being moved, that the Second Section of Laws re-an Act, made in the Second and Third Years of the Reign >atjngto of King Philip and Queen Mary, for the mending of Highway? Highways, and the Fourth Section of an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act of Addition unto the former Acts, t‘ for amending and repairing of Highways," and the Fifth Se6tion of an Act, made in the Seventh and Eighth,

Years of the Reign of King William and Queen , for the better amending and repairing the Highways, and Explanation of the Laws relating the reunto, might be read:

And the said Clauses being read

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain, amend, and fender more equal, the Laws, relating to the Methods, by which Persons are charged towards repdiring the Highways; and that Mr.

Mr. Wat kin Williams Wynn, and Mr. do pre-

pare, and bring in, the feme.

Ordered, That it lie an Instruction to the Gentlemen, appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill, that they do prepare a Clause, or Clauses, to explain, and make more effectual the Laws in being, for obliging the Poffessors of Lands, adjacent to common Highways, to 5 cut.

H*t Manufacture.

824

2 90 Februarii.

A. 17 ji

cut, and keep low, such Hedges as are adjoining to the said Highways.

Air. Alderman Barnard re|iorted from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Matter, Wardens, and Assistants, of the Company of Fcltmakera, London, in behalf of themselves, and all the Hat-makers of Great , was

referred; that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as follows; viz.

Tl)at the Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, bearing Date the 17U1 Instant, proceeded to examine the Matter of the said Petition; and, to prove the Allegations thereof, Witnesses were called: Mr. Anthony Mead; who laid, That he had been a Hat-maker Thirty-five Years; and he had seen several Hats, made in foreign Parts; but that they are not so good as those made here in England-, and that a considerable Trade was formerly carried chi with the Plantations in America for Hats, in Exchanges for Beaver Skins.

Richard Turner, Hat-maker, said, That he has, often fold great Quantities of Hats for Exportation to the said Plantations in America;and that they were altogpthor for-

merly supplied with the same from England; but that they are npw chiefly from A7etc York, and New England; and has been informed, that Ten thousand Beaver Hats are yearly made there.

Air. Anthony Mead, being further examined, said, That the Price of 1 leaver is considerably cheaper in America, tiian in England, as not being chargeable with Custom, Freight, or iiazard of the Sea; and that the Skins being their own Produce, they have Advantage of being supplied with the best, and can afford Hats 5 cheaper there, than here in England; and said, that the Skins, imported from thence, arc not so good as they were formerly, and are fold here for 4s. 6d. per Skin.

Then the Book of Rates, fr om the Commissioners of Customs, was produced, and laid before the Committee; whereby it appeared, that there is a Duty, of about Sixpence per Skin, paid for all Skins imported into England.

Ibraham Jaques, Hat-maker, said, That he was at ton, in New England, about a Year and half since, and worked there with a Matter Ilat-maker, who commonly iinithed Forty Beaver Hats in a Week; and that Four or Five Apprentices were employed in the Trade, besides Journeymen; and that Three of the Apprentices came from Jvrfey, anil were bound only for Two, Three, or Four, Years; and that there were lli Hat-makers in the Place, and that most of them kept Four or Five Apprentices; anil that the Wages of making a Hat there is but 1 s. 31/. Eng/ijk Money, hut, if made in England, 46d. or

Edmund Pinneger, Hat-maker, said, That he worked

some time since at Newport, and Rhode with one

H in Pinneger, who had Apprentices, Four whereof were

bound to him for Two, Three, or Four, Years only; and was informed, that it was a common. Practice, for Matters there to take Six Apprentices, and to hind them only for Two Years; and that a great many Hats are sent from thence to Jamaica, Barbadoes, South and

tinico; and that very tew Ships go to Jamaica from thence without Hats.

Captain George Wane said, That he had followed the Madeira Trade 14 or 15 Years; and that he has seen several Parcels of Hats shipp'd from York, and New England, to Madeira, for Prieits, and Jefoits, who were formerly supplied with the same from England; and tl«at the said Hats are fold for Six Mill Rees a Hat, but* if made in England, could not be afforded to be sold for leis than Ten Mill Rees a Hat; and said, that there is a constant Trade carried on with Jamaica for Hats.

John Hawkins, Gun-maker, said, That in the Year 1722, when he was at Virginia, a Sloop brought in Tw o

Boxes of Hats from Nezo England; and that he bought one for himself, which was a very good Beaver; and said, that in North Carolina, about 1723, several Sloops came from New England with Hats for Sale; and that commonly all the Sloops, that came from thence, brought some for that Purpose to North Carolina; and that Beaver Hats cost 12s. Sterling at Nero England; *nd said, that he had Two Beaver llats lenthim from South Carolina, which cost 17 s.3 d.Sterling; and that he fold them here in England for 28 s. which were sent to him about Three Years since, for a Sample, but did not encourage the lending any more, it being out of his Way of Business.

IVm. Loxham, Ilaberdalher, laid before the Committee

Three white and Two Black Hats, which' were imported here from New England; and said, that they were very good, and cheaper, than w'hat could be bought in England.

IVm. Glover. Hat-maker, said, That he keeps a Publick-house, where Journeymen often resort to him, in order to get Work in the Hat-making Trade, he being one tlmt helps Journeymen to work in that Business; and laid, that they can scarce get Work for a great many of them, to get Bread to maintain their Families; and apprehended, that the Occasion of it was, from the Want of such large Exportations, as formerly were, for Hats, and not by reason of the Increase of the Number of Hat-makers.

iVm. Morjeedlaid, That he keeps a Publick-house;

and spoke to the same Efleflfc as Mr. Glover, relating to the Decay of the Hat-making Trade, and the Number of Journeymen which were unemployed; and further added, that Hats are sent from New England to Dublin, in Ireland, cheaper than what can be sent from England; and that Ire knows of Two Ilat-makers, gone to let up the Trade in America.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to prevent the Exportation of Hats out of any of the Colonies or Plantations in America, and to restrain the Number of Apprentices, taken by the Hat-makers in the said Plantations, and for the better encouraging the making of Hats in Great Britain; and that Mr. Alderman Barnard and Captain Vei-non do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House being informed that Mr. Tudor attended at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Bounties on Exportation of Fish, Export of Beef, and Pork, paid out of the Revenues of Excise in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from the First

of May 1714, to Christmas 1731; and also,

An Account of what has been paid out of the Revenues under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs, for the Bounties on Exportation of Fish, Beef, and Pork, from that Part of Great Britain called , from the 9th Day of September 1713, to the 29th Day of September 1731; and also,

An Account of the gross and net Produce of the Duty Dotron&k of One Shilling a Bushel on Salt, for that Part of Great "Scodui Britain called Scotland, from the First Day of May 1714, to the First Day of May 1731; and also,

An Account of the grots and net Produce of foreign Fonipto Salt outwards and inwards, for that Part of called Scotland, from the 29th Day of 1713,

to the 29th Day of September 1731.

And then be withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to bp peruled by the Members of the House.

The laid Accounts arc bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Sir Jeremy VanackerSambroke reported from the Com* DmfeNt

mittee, to whom the Petition of several Justices of the Peace, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, living in, and near, and passing through, the Road leading from Dm-Jhble to IJockliJfc, in the County of Bedford, whoieNaroes

' are

foil

m

5 Geo. II.

2 90 Februarii.

825

arc thereunto subscribed, was referred; that the Commit- or to grant them such other Relief as to t!ie House shall tee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had icem meet.

directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and sideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; where Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear the same was read, and is as follows; viz. to them, to the House:

That the Committee, pursuant to the Order of the And it is referred to Sir free. Cafioall, Mr. Winnington, House, proceeded to examine the Matter of the Mr. Lord Fere Sir Charles;

-laid Petition; and, to prove the Allegations of the Mr. Arundcll, Mr. Sir

lame, tiers, Mr. , Sir Charles Wager, Colonel Bladen,

An Act of Parliament, paired in the Ninth Year of her Mr. Clutter buck, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Orlcbar, -

the Tolls, granted for repairing the said Highways, were to continue for 21 Years.

Mr. Parfom, Sir Wm.Yige, Mr. Sir

Seabright, A

Mr Sir Geo. Mr.

And another Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of her Sir Mr. Polhill, Mr. 1 itompfon of Scar-

said lute Majesty's Reign, for making more effectual the Mr. Burton, Sir Abra. Elton, Mr. Sir

before-mentioned Act, was also produced; whereby addi- Nathanael Mr. Sandys, Sir Rowland Aifion, Lord

tional Tolls were granted, for repairing the said High- Sir Jujlinian Isham, Mr. Mr. Turner,

w ays.

Then Mr. Roger Wecdon, Collector of the Toll, produced an Abstruft of the Account of the Money col-le&ed, and borrowed on the Credit of the Act, and allb w hat dishurl'ed on that account; w hereby it appears, there is now owing the Sum of f.N)\. 17 b on the Credit of the Act.

That the said Roger Wecdon and Timothy Arrowsmith, being called, and severally examined, laid, that the Road is now very bad; and, if the Toll is not continued, the same will loon become so ruinous, that it wilt be dangerous for all Persons to pals and repats.

Air. Annejley, Mr. Laroche, Sir Air.

1Taller, Mr. Drew, Mr. Towers, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Dun-da fs, Mr. Baron Birch, Mr. Clayton, Mr.

Air. Scrape, Mr. Danvers, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Gybbon: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, Appeal* Junto whom the Bill to oblige the Justices of the Peace, at Justicae their Quarter Sessions, to proceed to determine Appeals to them, according to the Merits of the Cafe, notwith-

of Peace.

And they further fevcally gave Evidence, that the Pa- Handing Dcfcfts of Form in the original Proceedings, is lilliioners constantly do their Statute Work, and pay Six- committed; that they do receive a Clause, to oblige Per-pence in the Pound; but the same is far short of being fons, filing forth Writs of Certiorari, to remove such sufficient lo keep the Road in such Repair, as to make it Judgments, or Orders, into the Courts at to

'e*is rd

LCWif-

tpkcnD:.

commodious for all Passengers.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more effectual repairing the Highways between Dun-fte.hlc ami HocUiffc, in the County of Bedford, by enlarg-

ing the Term and Powers granted by Two former Acts, one of the Ninth, and the other of the Twelfth, Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne; and that Sir Jeremy Tanacker Sambroke, Sir Thomas Sunders Sea-bright, Mr. Orlcbar, and Sir Rowland Aifion, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Elias Turner and Company, and Lewis

Laeotide.on tire behalf of themselves, and such others,

give Security to prosecute the same with effect.

A Petition of the Alayor, Bailiffs, Burgesses, Mer- Bifcmu chants, and Mailers of Vesseli, of the Town and County exPoneL of Poole, was presented to the House. and read; complaining, that though a Bounty is allowed on the Exportation of Corn, yet no Provision is made for Biscuit Bread exported: And alleging, that; Bounty/on urc Exportation of Biscuit Bread, will enable the Petitions s to trade upon equal Terms with the People of New England, who now flippy Newfoundland with that Commodity: And therefore praying the House to take the same into Considera-

tion, and to grant, that there may be a proportionable as are in their Cafe, was presented to tire House, and read; Allowance given for Biscuit Bread exported, or such other fetiing forth, 'Flint, pursuant to an Act of Parliament, Relief, as the House shall think fit made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty A Alotion ivas made, and the Question being put, That Queen June, divers Debentures, carrying an Interest of it be referred to a Committee, to examine and state to f. 6. per Cent urn per Annnfn, were issued by the Lords the House, the Matter of Fast contained in the said Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, to such of the Petition, and also in the Petition of several Merchants, Proprietors of the Blands of Nevis and St. Christopho's, and Traders, of the City of London, the fame

as were Sufferers by the Invasion of the French, and their Relief, which was presented to the House the 23d oflaff Agents, w ho were impow ered to receive such Debentures, Month, and ordered to lie upon the Table;

and the Interest thereof; and that in a subsequent Act of Parliament Provision was made for the Payment of the Interest due thereon, to the 25th of December 1714, which was accordingly paid to the Agents of the said Sufferers, or their Assigns; and that, pursuant to an Act of Parliament, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King (leorgcthe First, many of the said Debenture.-. were converted into Standing Orders, payable af the Exchequer, with Interest, alter the Rate of f. 3 per Centum per Annum, to the said Sufferers, their Executors, Ad minilira tors, or Assigns; hut that many of the said

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, [ . jio;

Tellers for the Noes, £ C&ptein fyrnori;

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Petition, now presented, do lie upon the Table.

Lord Gage reported from the Committee, to whom all Debentures having been sold to the Petidoners by the the Books, Instruments, and Papers, relating to the Sale Agents of the said Sufferers, and the last-mendoned Act of thjc Estate of James, late Earl of Derwentwater, are Living omitted the Words " Agents or Attorneys," the referred; diat lie was directed by the Committee to move Auditor of the Exchequer refutes to convert the said De- the House, that such Persons, as the Committee shall biuitures into Standing Orders: And therefore praying the think proper to be examined upon the of

House to authorize the Auditor of the Exchequer to make their Enquiry, be examined in die most solemn Manner. out Standing Orders, payable at the Exchequer, as afore- Ordered, That the said

laid, unto the present Proprietors, in their own Names, examine Persons in the moll solemn Manner.

Vo l. ftJ. 9 Z The

Call of the House.

Woolwich

Church.

826

290 Februarii — 1

A, 17311

The House was {according to Order) called over; and in the County of Kent, as one of the Fifty nenr

the Names of such Members, as pnade Default to ap* Churches, directed to be built by Two Acts ot Parlia-pear, were taken down. incut, one made in the Ninth, and the other in the Tenth,

Ord&xd, That the Names of such Members, as made Year of the Reign of her lute Majesty Queen Amc.

Default to appear, be now called over.

And the Lilt of Defaulters being called over; several of That this House will, upon Monday Mom- Tniri

them appeared; and others were excused, upon account ing next, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole of Illnels, or extraordinary Avocations. House, upon the Rill for the better securing and encon-

Thp Name Of Sir John Coryton, Raronet, being called; raging the Trade of his Majesty's Sugar Colouies in And a Motion being made, and the Question being put> America-.

That Sir John Coryton be excused; The House divided*

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers- for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,

f Sir W-m. , )

1 Mr. limits: }'24-

f Sir William-Yonge, \ /,

Mr. Coplejhn:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Name of Richard Coffin, Esquire, being called; And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Mr, CoJJin do attend this House upon this Day Sevennight;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,

75.

108.

C Mr. Herbert, t Mr.

f Mr. Hilton,

{ Mr.:

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Coffin be excused.

The Name of Francis Knowles, Esquire, being called; And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Mr. Knowles be excused;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Teltafor theYea* [& %

Tollers for tie Noes, £ JJj;

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Mr. Knight have Leave to make a «f Motion, it being past Six of the Clock. W«t

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations do lay before this House, such Methods, as have been thought of by them, for preventing the running of Wool from England and Ireland, for the future.

Ordered \That Mr. Sandys have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That such Members, as have particular Days Au&te appointed for their attending the Service of the House, of Mwki and shall not then attend, be taken into the Culiody of ^‘4 the Serjeant at Anns, attending this House.

fxcdtf.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy

Anno 5'

Georgii 2

die Martii]

Jl Regis, 173!.

1

pRAYtRS.

Sj That David Avery, hew in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, when lie f shall be discharged out of Custody, according to the Order of this House, of the 24th of the last Month, be The Name of Thomas Willoughby, Esquire, being called; discharged without paying any Fees.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put,

118.

48.

*P'

That Mr. Willoughby be excused;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas ^'r A fiddle ton,

1 U1C, S lor UlC 1 CaS' *Mr. Lmother:

Tcllers for the Noes, £ w rt* f' r

' £Mr. leve/im Gower:

So it was resolved ill the Affirmative.

And those, who were not excused, were, upon the

Question severally put upon them, ordered to attend at

certain Times appointed for them, as followeth; viz.

Ordered, That Sir John Stone house, Raronet, Sir

Thornhill, Knight, Thomas Master, Richard Shuttle-

1

S3-

75-

A Petition of the info! vent Debtors, confined lit T/i/icich kfon Prison, was presented to the House, and read; complain- Pea® ing, that the late Act, for the Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Impriiomnent of their Persons, has not an* fwered the good Intent of the Legislature And therefore praying, that a Rill may be brought in for their Enlargement, without Limitation of Sum, Upon the Delivery of their Ail, under any Penalty, or otherwise to be reiievd, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Order of the Day being read; Resolved, That this House will,

upon

Knight, Thomas

worth, Henry Perivt, Thomas SerangewaysHorner, Morning next, refoive itself into a Committee of the Norton P owl eft, senior, Philip Broke, William Pa/to, w hole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to and John How, Esquiros, do attend this House upon this his Majesty.

Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That Charles Pelham,- Esquire, do attend this House upon this Day Fortnight.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That all the Members of this House, who are in and about the Town, be ordered to attend the Service of the House on Thursday Morning next;

h

The House divided.'

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Noes,

So it passed in the Negative.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- several Merchants, Masters, and Owners of Ships, trading nidit, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole Iloule, on the River 'lliames, whose Names are thereunto fub-uuon the Rill for rebuilding the Parish Church of Wool- scribed, in behalf of themselves, and other Merchants

S Mafir;

A Petition of the Master, Wardens, and Assistants, of BaMMj the Guild, Fraternity, or Rrotherhood, of the mostglo-rious and undivided Trinity, and of St. Clement, in the Parish of Deptford Strond, in the County of m presented to the House, and read; praying, that they uiay be heard by themselves, or Counsel, before the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants, Matters and Ow ners of Ships, trading on the River of Thames, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and other Merchants, Masters and Owners of Ships on the said River, is referred, against such Things, as in the said Petition are laid to their Charge, and for proving their own Rights.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of

M|i

ft#

m

Geo. II.

z° Mar

827

Matters and Owners of Ships on the said River, is referred.

Ordered, That the said Committee be impowered to report their Opinion to the House, on the several Petitions to them referred.

Houses, and thatched Walls, in the said Town; and that the thatched Houses, and Out-houses, Hill remaining the re, endanger the other Part of the said Town: And therefore praying, that, for the preventing future Danger by Fire in the mid Town, a Bill may be brought into the House,

Ordered, That the Petitioners, on the several Petitions that all Houses, Out-houses, Walls, and other Buildings,

referred to the said fit, by themselves, uiittee.

Committee, Counsel,

or

oe heard, if they think before the said Com-

lK\ but.

And then the Iloule adjourned Morning, Nine of the Clock.

7

0V1S+ 2

Anno 5°

P n A y e it s. f)RDERED,

Georgii

die Martii;

d‘ Kegis, 1731.

U

That the Commissioners of the Customs do lay before this House, an Account of what Quantities of Rice have been imported into the Port of London, between the 29th of 1730, and the

29th of September 1731.

A Petition of Jofiph Guinand, on behalf of himself, and

as Guardian of David Dumouchean Infunt, under the

that shall hereafter be erected and built in the said Town, and all old Roofs wanting Repair there, shall be covered with Lead, Slate, or Tile, and not other wise; and that no perilous Trade or Occupation, in respect of Fire, shall till Tomorrow hereafter he used or exercised, nor any Stack or Stacks, Rick or Ricks, of Hay, Furze, Wood, Com, Straw , nor

__________ any such like combustible Matter, shall be erected, placed,

and made, at or near any of the principal Parts or Streets in the said Town; or that the House will give the Petitioners such Relief, as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Sir William Yonge, Mr. and Mr. Nclthorpe, do prepare, and bring in, the liune.

A Petition of the Lord of the Manor of and Flecknoe

of the Impropriator, and of several Freeholders, and Pro- Inclosure. prietors of Lands, in the Common Fields, called in the County of Warwick, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and otiier Freeholders, and Proprietors of Lands, in the said Common Fields, was

Age of Twenty-onc Years, was presented to the House, presented to the House, and read; alleging That the said and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners were born Common Fields are very fit to be inclosed and divided;

out of his Majesty s Allegiance; but have always professed but, though such Iiiclosure and Division will be of great the Protestant Religion, and given good Testimony of their Advantage to the several Freeholders, and Owners the Loyalty to his Majesty: And praying, that Leave may be /hid Common Fields, yet the same cannot effectually be given to bring in a Bill for the Naturalization of lihnfclfi and the said David Dumouchel.

Ordered, That Leave he given to bring in a Bijl, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Thaupfon of York, and Mr. do prepare,

and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the insolvent Debtors, confined in the County Gaol at Cfujler; and allb,

A Petition of the insolvent Debtors, confined in the ('omity Gaol cf Gloucester;

Were several I y presented to the House, and read; complaining, that the late Act, lor Relief of Debtors, with rcipeft to the Imprisonment of their l'crlbns, l.as not.aiifv.cred the Intent of the Legislature; And praying Redress.

Ordered, That the said Petitions do lie upon the Table.

Vfcfcpen Ma-Mkfcvtu.rc.

done, without the Assistance of an Act of Parliament: And therefore praying, that the House will be pleased to give Leave to bring in a Bill for incioling and dividing tire laid Common Fields into jult Allotments and Proportions.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Conduitt, Sir

Charles Turner, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Mr.

Whitworth, Mr. Hales, Mr. Watkin Williams Wynne, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Knight, Major Sir George

Oxen den, Mr. Longuecille, Sir Robert Aujlcn, Lord AlicJi lei hu rdle, Sir JujliniunJjhum, Mr. Liddell, Mr. Gib-

son, Mr. Lji/ler, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Mr. Lc-

heup, Mr. Alderman Pat Jims, Mr. Mr. More,

'elandinto foreign Parts, where the Woollen Manufac- Korthamptou: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at ire is improved, by the Mixture of Irish Wool, at the Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Expence of the \\ oollcn Manufacture of this Kingdom; Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. ami recommending to the Consideration of the House the

RegH'fry of Wool in Inland, as well as in England, or A Petition of Sir William was pre- Morice'i

such other Expedients, to remedy the Complaint, as the fented to the House and read; setting forth, That by a EiUte. House shall think fit. Deed of Settlement quadripartite, dated the 27th Day of

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table. April 1717, in pursuance of Marriage Articles therein

mentiocertain Lands in in the County A Petition of the Mayor, capital Burgesses, and Assist- Cornwall, were vested in Trustees therein named, and ants, Merchants, and other principal Inhabitants, of the their Heirs, to the Uses therein expressed; That the Peti-Town of Tiverton, in the County of Devon, in behalf of tioner has no other Lands in or near aforesaid,

themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said but is seised in Fce-simpleof the Manor oflde, in the said Town, was presented to the House, and read; setting County, which is of greater Value than the said Lands in forth, That on the Fifth Day of Jane last, a sudden ana Padjlow and lies contiguous and adjoining to other Ma-drcadful Fire, Which began at the Eastcm End of the said nors and Lands of the Petitioner in the said ParHh, and is Town, burnt down and destroyed the greatest Part of the nearer to his Family Scat; That the Petitioner hath agreed principal Streets there, together with the Eastern Alms- with Edmund of Padjlow aforesaid, Esquire,

house, Shambles, Cross, and Corn Market-house: That for the Sale of the said Lands in Padjlow, in Expectation the Damage, sustained by the said Fife, amounts to near of the Adiftance of an Act of Parliament; and that the One hundred thousand Pounds; and that the said Fire was Petitioner hath no Issue; and that all Parties, interested pbiefly oeeafioned by the great Number of thatched under the find Deed of Settlement, are contenting thereto:

Vo l.21. And

828

2° Mart

A. 1731,

And therefore praying, that a Bill may be brought in, for vesting in the Trustees, named in the said Deed of Settlement, the said Manor of Ide, to the same Vies, and upon the same Trusts, as are therein limited and declared of and concerning the said Lands in Padjhmand that the said Lands in P01 ft wo n»ay be vested in the said Edmund Prideau.v, and his Heirs.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con*-

the Repair of the said Roads will be prevented; and that the Laws now in being, are not sufficient to deter such Offenders from committing the like Offences, or to bring them to Justice: And therefore praying the Iloule to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant l'uch Relief to the Petitioners, as to the House mall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to

fid oration of a Committee; and that they do examine explain, amend, and render more effectual an Act, passed

the Matter thereof, and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Copplcston, Sir William Lord Fere Beauc/erk, Lord PSir Charles Turner,

Mr. Hales, Mr. Bj/ng , Mr. Edgcumbe, Sir Oxenden, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Campbell, Sir James Campbell, Captain Purvois, Mr. Whitworth, Sir Edmund Bacon, Sir Geo. same all, Mr. Bacon, Mr. TowMr. Powlet t, Mr. Pelham, Mr. P/umptre, Sir Nathanael Air. Shut-

in the Third Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for punishing such Persons, as shall wilfully " and maliciouffy pull down or destroy, Turnpikes, for " repairing Highways; or Locks or other Works creffed " by Authority of Parliament, for making Rivers navigableand that Mr. HollanColonel Berkeley, and Major Selwyn, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

several

Debtors

Petition.

A Petition of several Persons, whole Names are Balklfa tkworth, Captain Prernon, Sir WilfredLaxcfni , Mr. An- thereunto subscribed, the Ballast-men of the d*nuo.

tiefey, Sir William Wentworth, Mr. Drumon d, Sir 77/o- of Deptford Stroud, working on the River oil

masAston, Mr. Glut ter buck. Air. Darners, Mr. Drew, behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Ballast-men,

Mr. Oglethorpe, Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Burton, working on the said River, was presented to the House,

Mr. Holland, Sir Robert Sutton, Mr. A lore, Mr. Tmcer, and read; setting forth, That the Prices, paid to the Mr. Digby, Mr. Gibjim;and all the Members thatfcrve Corporation of for Ballast, arc Ninepence

for the Counties of Devon and Cornwall: And they are per Ton for Ships carrying Coals or Goods Coastways, to meet this Aiternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the One Shilling per Ton for Ships trading abroad, and for Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, King's Ships, and Sixpence per Ton for foreign Ships: papers, and Records. That, notwithstanding those Prices are constantly paid,

there has not been, time out of mind, dually delivered A Petition of Richard Haford, the only Prisoner con- to any Alafters of Ships, or others, more than Twelve, or fined in the Sheriff's Ward, or Prison, for the County of Fourteen, or Twenty, Tons; whereby a very large Profit Devon, at the Suit of the Crown, under heavy Penalties, arises to them out of the Petitioners Labours: That, since for running of Goods of several Kinds, was presented to divers Complaints have been made to this House against the House, and read; complaining of the great Poverty the Trinity Corporation for several Abuses, alleged to he and Indigence of the Petitioner, by reason of his long by them committed, the Petitioners have been called upon, Confinement, and of the starving Condition of his Family: to load full Measure for the Prices, formerly allowed them

Aud therefore praying, that the House will be pleased to for such short Measure; which the Petitioners cannot take his most deplorable Condition, with that of his Fel- possibly do, without starving themselves, and Families.-low-fuft'erers in other Prisons, into Consideration, and to That, notwithstanding the great Revenues of extend to him, and them, such Relief, as to the House house, which ought to be disposed of to no other than cha-shall seem meet. ritable Uses, and for preferring the Navigation of the River

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table. Thames, the Petitioners, when worn out in their Service,

have no greater Allowance made to themselves, or Widows,

Mr. Compton presented to the House (according to Or- when dead, though left with a great Number of Children, tier) a Bill for exchanging, inclosing, and reducing into than Two Shillings and Sixpence per Month: That the Severalty, several Common Fields, Common Aleadows, Petitioners always were, and now are, ready and desirous, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of to deliver full Tonnage of Ballast, provided they can be Little Kineton, in the County of Warwick; and the same allowed Ninepence per Ton for Two Men, and the w as received, and read the First time. Craft, for fishing up the feme, which is the least Price,

Refolred, That the Bill be read a Second time. they can possibly subsist themselves and Families, upon:

And therefore praying, that the House will take their same . Preservation A Petition of several of the Trustees, appointed in and into Consideration, and that their Wages, and Quantity of Tumpikct, by an Act of Parliament, passed in the Thirteenth Year of Ballast, to be by them delivered for such Wages, may <cc‘ of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, inti- be ascertained, and that the Petitioners, when past their

tuled, " An Act for repairing the Road leading from Labours, may have reasonable Allowance out of the Cha*

" Studley Bridge, through Chippenham, in the County of rity of the said Corporation, or be otlienvife relieved, as " Wilts, to the Top of Tog-hill, in the County of Glou- to the House shall seem meet.

" cejlerf and also,

A Petition of several of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Freeholders, ana others, residing within, and near, the Hundreds of Pucklechurch and Grum-

blefack, in the County of Gloucester; and also,

A Petition of several of the Trustees, appointed in and by an Act of Parliament, passed in the T welfth Year of they do examine the Alatter thereof and report the lame, the Reign of his Idle Majesty King George the First, inti- with their Opinion thereupon, to the House, tuled, " An Act for repairing and widening the Roads u from the City of Gloucester to the City of Hereford Were severally presented to the House, and read; complaining, that several Turnpikes, erected for the Repair of the said Roads, have been of late pulled down, and destroyed, by a Number of Rioters, confederated for that Purpose; and that by l'uch Out-

Little

Kineton

luclosure,

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the Petition of several Merchants, Alafters, and Owners of Ships, trading on the River Thames, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and other Merchants, Masters and Owners of Ships on the said River, is referred; and that

A Bill for preventing Frauds, committed by Bankrupts, saidft was read the Second time. Batop* j

Refilled, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House w ill, upon this Day Seven-rages, and by the Danger of future Violence, of the night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, like kind, Persons are discouraged from lending Mo- upon the said Bill, ney on the Credit of the Tolls, arising from the said

Turnpikes, and tire Security of those, who have ad- A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are sa«w yanced Money on that Credit, will be lefi'ened, and thereunto subscribed, being poor decayed Seamen, and the

fcc

fro

fraii

(hi

fa*

5 Geo. II.

2° Mar

8

2'

the Wives, Widows, arid Orphans, of decayed Seamen modifies, of the Growth and Produce of his Majesty's and Mariners, in behalf of themselves, and others, was Colonies in will, a* the Petitioners apprehend,

presented to the House, and read-, setting forth, that by promote the Trade of the said Island, and make the virtue of divers royal Grants, or Letters Patent, formerly Transportation of Forces, for its Defence, leis necessary: given or granted to the Corporation of the Trinity-house And therefore praying the House to take the Premises of Deptford Strand, in the County of Kent, there are divers into Consideration, and to give such Encouragement to

large Sums of Money vested in the said Corporation, the railing, and importing, of Coffee, of the Growth of for the Relief of poor decayed Seamen, their Wives, his Majesty's Colonies in America, as to the House shall Widows, and Orphans, out of which the Petitioners, when seem most expedient.

reduced to Poverty, are entitled to be relieved; not with- , That the said Petition be referred to the Con-

Handing which, the Petitioners are in a most miserable sideration of a Committee; and that they do examine, and Ranting Condition, most of them having no Relief and date to the House, the Matter of Fact, contained in at all from the said Corporation, and those, that have, the said Petition:

being allowed no more than 2 s. 6 d. or at the most $s. And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Peso's Mr. Alder-per Month, which is no-ways sufficient to maintain either man Barnard, Sir John Mr. WyndhamMr.

a poor Family, or a single Person, incapable of Labour: Mr. , -Sir fVm. Tonge, Sir Geo.

That the Petitioners are informed, that the Revenues, den. Sir Charles Turner, Sir Edmund Mr. Bladen,

riling to the Corporation, are greater, than ever they Mr. Walpole, Mr. Lord Fere Bean clerk. Sir

expended in Charities, or otherwise, pursuant to the Charles Wageri Sir Wentworth, Mr. Ashe, Mr.

Direction of their Grants; whereby the Petitioners are Docminique, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Knight, Mr: Burton; deprived of the Subsidence, which they ought to receive Mr. Huxley, Sir Geo. Saville, Mr. Oglethorpe, Mr.

from the Corporation: And praying the House to take their same into Consideration, and to enquire into the Revenues of the Corporation, and what Parts thereof remain unapplied to the Uses, for which they were granted, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants, Maders and Owners of Ships, trading on the River Thames, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and other Merchants, Maders and Owners of Ships on the said River, is referred; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Heathcott, Lord Archibald , Mr. Annesley, Mr.

Dig by, Mr. Sandy s, Mr; Harley, Mr. Bramflon, Sir Justinian Jsham, Mr. Bowes, Sir Abra. Elton, Mr. Palmer,

Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Dundafs, Sir Nathanael Cttrzon, Mr.

Arfcott, Mr. Norris, Mr. Cunningham; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend Tor PerlOns, Papers, and-Records. *

ice carried from Carolina.

The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself Regulation into a Committee of the whole House,.upon the Bill for the better Regulation and Government of Pilots, licensecl by the Corporation of Trinity-house Deptford Stroud,.

_ __ . , . in the County of and to prevent Mischiefs and

The House being informed, that Mr. Carkeffe, Secre- Annoyances upon the River of Thames below tary to the Commissioners of the Cudoms, attended at Bridge, being read;

the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to RefdThat this House will, upon Tuesday Morning

the House, next, relblve into a Committee of the whole House,

The Return of the Commissioners of the Cudoms to upon tj-e their Order, of the 24th of the lad Month; and also, '

An Account of the Number of Ships, with the Names The Bill for reviving the Duties on Salt, for (he Term Supply of the Maders, that have, since the 29th of September therein mentioned, was (according Order) read a Duties on 1730, taken Licences, and given Bond, for the Liberty Second time.

to carry Rice from Carolina to the Southward of Cape And a Motion being made, 2nd the Question being Finisterre, &c. and bow many of the said Ships have put. That the Bill be committed; , -

bait, Sts.

Growing Coffee in Plantations.

returned to this Kingdom, and the Maders thereof redelivered the Licences to the Commissioners.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Return, and Title of the said Account, were read.

Ordered, That the said Return and Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Return and Account are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of several Planters of, and Merchants trading to, the Island of Jamaica, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and others, concerned

The House divided: The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for (he Yeas,

zi8.

Tellers for theNoes, J 154-

So it was rdolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Drummond, bf have

Leave to make a Motion, it being pad Seven of the tion for

House* burnt by Rebel*.

in the said Island, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, that the Situation, Trade, and Produce, of Clock the said Island is of great Consequence to this Kingdom; And he moved the House accordingly

but that the chief Produce of the said Island being Sugar, And presented a Petition of the Inhabitants of Cries,

the making of which requires large Trails of Lands, and Mutkill, Ochterardon, Doming, Blackfoord, and the neigh-Numbers of Negroes, and Cattle, the poorer Sort of bouring Houses, in the Shire of Perth 5 which Uas read; People, whose Stocks and Plantations are final!, cannot letting forth, that in the Month of January 1715, the carry on the lame, and the said Island is, for that Reaibn, Five Villages afore-mentioned, and a considerable Num-at present very thinly inhabited with white People; and ber of Houses in their Neighbourhood, were fau that the Soil, and Climate thereof, is found by Experience the Rebels in Scotland, and their whole Goods to be very proper for Coffee, which may be tailed by the and they exposed to the Rigour of a very severe Winter; poorer Inhabitants, and is a Produce, that has never yet and that the Extent of their Losses, sustained thereby, been imported from any British Colony, but, if eocou- hath been certified to be £. 4,3J3. 17 o\d. Sterlings raged, and allowed to be imported into this Kingdom, but that the Provisibn, made by Parliament for their upon Payment of no greater a Duty in Proportion, than Relief, hath not produced arty thing for that Purpose .-is imposed on Sugar, Tobacco, Ginger, and other Com- And therefore praying the House to take their same into Vo 1.2L Io A Consideration,

3°

2° — 3° MartU.

A. 1731.

Answer to Address.

Consideration, and to make such Provision for their Pay- but that the same was not near sufficient to perfect the ment, as to the House shall seem meet. Navigation of the said River.

Mr. Chancellor of thp Exchequer acquainted the And they further gave Evidence, and said, that they House, that the Circumstances of this same having been had navigated upon the River several Years; and humbly laid before his Majesty, his Majesty had com- that before the said Act, passed in the 13th Year of King manded him to acquaint the House, that his Majesty George the First, for improving the Navigation of the said gives his Consent, that the House may do therein, as River, there was but Ten Inches Water at a certain Shoal, they think fit. called and that it was usual formerly to take the

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table. Loading of Butter out of their Vessels, and float it over

that Shoal, and could scarce get over, when light: That And then the House adjourned till To*morrow now they have Three Foot Water at low Water, andean Morning, Nine of the Clock. pass over laden at any Time: That Wears arc made, for

-_______. — ____________________contracting the Water on that Shoal, half a Mile long;

and that other Wears, about 400 Yards long, are made at George's Clcfe, by which they have gained Two Foot Water more; and also, that another Wear is made near the , about $00 Yards long; but there are

several Shoals still remaining; and that it will be a great Ext jence to perfect the said Navigation.

Mr. Being examined, said, that the Trustees

Veneris, 30 die Martii;

Anno 5* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1731-.

Prayers.

MR. Comptroller reported to the House, that their

A -

Corn

exported.

Address, of Tuesday last. That his Majesty would have borrowed 800. for carrying on the Navigation of be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the several the said River; and that the Produce of the present Petitions, and Certificates, of several Masters and Owners Tonage is about £. 600. per Annum; and that Butter, of Ships, presented to his late Majesty in the Year 1715, Bacon, houshold Goods, and several other Commodities, complaining of divers Abuses, committed by the Master, which now pay but Six Pence, may reasonably be Wardens, and Assistants, of the Trinity-House of Deptford charged in Proportion to the Value thereof.

Strondy together with all Proceedings relating thereto, Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for might belaid before this, House, had been presented to regulating the Tonage Duty imposed by an Act:, passed his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him in the 13th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King to acquaint this House,. that he will give Directions the First, intituled, "An Act for improving the

aoccordingly. " Navigation of the River Ouze, in the County of York,

v,.] tt r l cj .1. -Kt r 3 . " and for preventing Soil, and other Obstructions to the

The House being informed that Mr, Omfordat- , Navi tf bein| thrown in the said River," and that

tended at the Door, he was called in,.and, at the Bar, Mr of York, Sir William Milner, Mr.

presented to the House, pursuant to thp.r Order An mondd £ and sir Saville, do prepare, and

Account of the several Sorts and Quantities or Corn,

Which has been exported, from Christmas I-727, to Christmas 1731, as also, from what Places and Ports, and ih what Quantities, they have been respectively exported, distinguishing each Year, together with.an Account the Bounty, that has been paid thereon.

bring in, the fame.

of

Ouze

Navigation.

A Petition of the united Companies of Mercers, Gro- Hub cers, and Habcrdafliers, within the ancient Borough of

Richmond\in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of Hawkers, Pedlars, and petty Chapmen, travelling about the Country, felling different Sorts of Goods, peculiar to distinct Trades in Cities, Towns-corporate, and Villages, in Prejudice of the Petitioners, and all fair Traders, and also of his Majesty's Revenues, and the ancient Rights and Privileges- of all Corporations: And therefore , praying, that the House will be pleased to take the same of the Petitioners into their Notice, and relieve them in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Bill for enlarging the Term, granted by an Act, made in the x ith Year of his late Majesty King George the First, for rebuilding the Pier and Harbour of in the County of Cumberland, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Pam

Ham.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table,

to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Account is bound up with the other Papers of thiSiSession.

Mr. Thompson, of York, reported from, the Committee,

to whom the Petition of the Mayor and Commonalty of the City of York, and also the -Petition of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, passed in the 13th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled " An Act for improving the Navigation " of the River Ouze, in the County of York," and also the Petition of several Merchants, Tradesmen, and others. Citizens, and Inhabitants, of the City of York, were referred; that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions, and had directed him to Ordered, That the Clerk of the Patent Office in the F«ab report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House: Court of Chancery, the Clerk of the Dispensations and ty015®'

And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards de- Faculties, the Patentees to make out Commissions of livered it in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was Bankrupts, the Register for inrolling Proceedings in read, and is as follows; viz. Matters of Bankruptcy, the Patentee for making out

That the Committee, pursuant to the Order of the Commissions of Lunacy, the Clerk of the Crown in House, of the Eighth Day of February last, have Chancery, the Prothonotary of the Court of Chancery, examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and, to the Clerk of the Hanaper, the Keeper of the Records ;n

the Tower, and the Sealer and Chaff-wax in Chancery', do forthwith lay before this House, Tables, of the several Fees, claimed by them.

A Petition of the insolvent Debtors, confined in the

prove the Allegations thereof,

The said Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, was produced; and a Clause therein was read; whereby it appears, that Coals, and other Goods, the Value whereof does not exceed Twenty Shillings per Ton, are to pay as large a Duty, as Butter, County Gaol of Somerset, was presented to the House, Bacon, houshold Goods, and the like, that are worth and read; complaining, that the late Ad, for Relief of Thirty or Forty Pounds per Ton. Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their Per-

And then Mr. Thomas May and Mr. Francis Tomlinson ions, has not answered the good Intent of the Legiflafure: were severally examined, and said, that the Tonage was And therefore praying, that a Bill may be brought in for now collected according to the Directions of the Ad, their Enlargement, without Limitation of Sum, upon the 17 Delivery

Dcbm

Pftida.

ft' lrl

tfP*

Scot!

5 Geo. II. f — TTMa831

Delivery of their All, under any Penalty, or otherwise to be relieved, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered \That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Unification The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a »tlustice* Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the <act* further Qualification of Justices of the Peace.

Mr. Speaker less the Chair.

Mr. Sandys took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Sandys reported from the Committee, that they had made a Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

etter Money The House being informed, that Mr. Williamson, from nfen in the Poll Office, attended at the Door, he was called in, 560 ' and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, An Account of what Money hath been paid into the Exchequer here by the Receiver-general of the Poll Office, for Letter Money, arisen in , from

mas 1716, to Christmas 1731.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

And the said Account is as follows; viz.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Supply Bill Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the *-anJ iax- Bill-for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1732.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles ‘Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to fit, not- Committee*, withstanding any Adjournment of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Lutiee, 6* die;

Anno 5° Georgii II41 Regis, 1731-Prayers.

General Pod Office, London. rF'HE House being informed, that Mr. Tench, the Fees taken ACCOUNT of what Money hath been paid into the A Deputy Clerk of the Letters Patent in Chancery, by Officers Exchequer here by the Receiver-general of the Poll ^tended at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar,

Office, for Letter Money, arisen in Scotland, Christmas 1716, to Christmas 1731.

s.

In the Tear, ended at Christmas

1717

1718

1719

1720

1721

1722

1723

1724

1725

1726

1727

1728

1729 -

1730 -

U731

- 2,969 2 6

- 1,800 ——

- 3,000 ——

- 2,313 6 —

- 3,000 ——

- 2,700 ——

2,600 ——

3,600 -

2,600 ——

3,100 ——

3.473 5 —

3.43° *5

3,900 ——

2,700 — —

3,500 ——

£. 44,686 9 a

Over and above the Sums above written, received for the then current Years,- there have been received the following Sums; viz.

1727. June 12th, Received of James Anderson, Esquire, late Deputy Post-

master-general of Scotland, the Balance of his Account, ended -

1728, March 25th, Received of Sir John Inglis, Baronet, late Deputy Postmal-ter-general of Scotland, the Balance of his Account, ended 29th September

*725 ....

from Panted to the House, pursuant to their Order, A Table of Fees, taken in the Clerk of the Patents Office in the high Court of Chancery.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Table was read.

The Clerk of the Crown presented ro the House, pursuant to their Order, A Table of tire several Fees, claimed and taken by the Clerk of the Crown in Chancery, as also an Account of divers other Fees, paid into the Office of the said Clerk of the Crown, for the Use of several Persons therein mentioned.

And the Title of the said Table, and Account, was read.

Ordered, That the said Tables, and Account, be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the several Lists of the Officers, and their Deputies, belonging to the several Courts in Westminster-hall, and elsewhere, with the Lifts, Accounts, and Tables of Fees, claimed by them, which were presented to this House in the la ft Session of Parliament, and allb the Lifts, Accounts, and Tables of Fees, of the Officers, and Servants, belonging to the Judges of the several Courts in -

hall, and the Circuits, the Associates and Clerks of Assize, presented to the House in the Session preceding the lad, are referred; and that they do report what appears to them, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

The laid Tables and Account are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

947 11 1°

General Post Office, a6th February 1731.

In all - - £. 47,241 9 7

A Petition of the unfortunate Debtors, confined in Wood-street Compter, London, was presented to and read; complaining, that the late Ad, for Relief of Debtors, with relped to the Imprisonment of their Persons, has not answered t he good Intent of the Legislatu re 1,607 8 7 And therefore praying, that a Bill may be brought in for

their Enlargement, without Limitation of Sum, upon

the Delivery of their All, under any Penalty, or otherwise to be relieved, as to the House shall seem meet. Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Debtors

Petition.

2.5J5 ~ 5

Exam, per Tho. Horne, Accomp*.

Richard Williamson, Dtp. Recr.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Vo 1. 21.

Mr. Packer presented to the House (according to Order) a Bill for inclosing and dividing the common Fields, and common Grounds, in the Manor, Tything, or Hamlet, of Watchfield',in the County of Berks-, and the same was received, and read time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr.

Witchfield. Inch! ore.

I,on he's Engine for waking O-gnnzice Si k

1‘ccs taken by Clerk of Custodies, tic.

Estimateof Building Ships, & c.

Leave of Absence.

Run nine of Wool.

83a 6° Martii.

Mr. Alderman Perry 'presented to the House (according to Order) a Bill for preserving and encouraging a new Invention in England by Sir and granting

hitn a further Term of Years, for the foie making, and using, his Three Italian Engines; and the feme was received.

The House being informed. That Mr.

Clerk of the Custodics.and Patcnteefor making out Commissions of Lunaticks and Idiots, attended at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, a List of Fees, claimed by him.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Lift be referred to the Considerat ion of the Committee, to whom the several Lists of the Officers, and their Deputies, belonging to the several Courts in Westminster-hall, and elsewhere, with the Lifts,

Accounts, and Tables of Fees, claimed by them (which were presented to this House in the last Session of Parliament) and also the Lifts, Accounts, and Table of Fees, of the Officers, and Servants, belonging to the Judges of the several Courts in Westminster-hall, and the Circuits, the Associates, and Clerks of Assize, presented to this House in the Session preceding the last, are referred; and that they do report what appears to them, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

The said Lift is bound up with the other Papers this Session.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, that he will be graci airily pleated to give Directions to the proper Officers, to lay before this House, an Estimate of what may be necessary for repairing and rebuilding his Majesty's Ships, and for the Repair of his Majesty's Docks, for the Year 1732.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That John Weaver, Esquire, have Leave to go into the Cotintry for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Mr. Docminique, from the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, A Report of the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, of such Methods, as have been thought of by them, for preventing the running of Wool from England and Ireland for the future.

And the Title of the said Report was read.

The Report is as follows; viz.

To the honourable the Commons bf Great in Parliament assembled:

PURSUANT to an Order of this honourable House, dated the 29th of the last Month, directing us to lay before you l'uch Methods, as have been thought on by us, for preventing the running of Wool from England and Ireland for the future, we take Leave to represent, That, having for some time had this Matter under our Consideration, we did give publick Notice in the,

of the 12th Day of June last, that we were ready to receive any Proposals, which should be made to us on this Head, from all Persons whatsoever.

Since the Publication of this Advertisement, which was often repeated in the Gazette, and other publick Papers, we have been attended by several Persons, and many Schemes have been transmitted to us from different Parts of this Kingdom, and from Ireland, containing various Proposals upon this Subject; and it has been with great Satisfaction, that we have observed the Zeal, with which io many Persons have applied themselves to consider of proper Methods for putting a Stop to a Practice, fovery pernicious to the trading Interest of their Country.

Thole, who seem to have most maturely considered this Matter, concur in Opinion, that nothing can put lb ef-

*7

A. 1731.

fectual a Stop to this Evil, as the finding out some certain Method of knowing the whole Quantity of Wool, that may be in the Kingdom, whether in Warehouses, or on the Sheeps Back, and of tracing it through the Hands of the Wool-ftapler, and all the Traders, who deal in this Commodity, till it shall be finally wrought up by the Manufacturer.

In order to this, it has been proposed, that Ware* houses should be erected, at the publick Expence, in such Counties of England and Ireland, where conGderable Numbers of Sheep may be fed, or where the Woollen Manufacture may be carried on in any great Extent, into which the Wool of the Two Kingdoms should be brought within a certain Number of Days, after it is Ihofn, in or* der to be afterwards transported, under proper Regula* lations, from Ireland to England, and from one County of England to another, in proportion to the Demand, that there may be for it amongst the Manufacturers.

Others have proposed, that general Registers should be established ih England and Ireland, for entering the eia& Numbers of Sheep and Lambs, with the yearly Quantity of Wool shorn from them, or pulled from Skins, together with the Natnes of all such, as deal in this Commodity.

In addition to the Proposition for publick Ware* houses, it has been offered by anothet hand, that all the Wool, produced in the Kingdom, should be bought in the King's Name, at certain Prices, to be ascertained at a Medium, upon the different Growths of Wool for so many Years past, and that the Produce of the First Years Growth and the Value of the Stock in Hand, should be paid for by a final! Land Tax, of Three Pence, of Six Pence, in the Pound; by which Means the Growers would receive ready Money for their Wool, which would be very beneficial both to Landlords, and Tenants; but, if this should be thought impracticable, it is further proposed by the same Person, that Payment for the Wool may be postponed, till it be fold, in part, or in the whole, or that the Gr6wers should be left at Liberty to fell it themselves to the Manufacturers, provided they delivered it to the Storekeepers, under proper Regulations.

Many of the Proposers concur in Opinion, that the bed Method of preserving an exact Knowledge of the Wool, in its Progression from the First Grower to the last Manufacturer, will be, to put it under the inspection of the Officers of Excise; and different Methods have beta suggested, for putting this Proposal in Execution.

it has been laid under this Head, that all Dealers in Wool may be obliged to enter the Warehouses, and Store-rooms, wherein they keep this Commodity, with the Excise Officer of their Division, into which the Officer should have free Admission at any time; and that no Wool should be brought into the Warehouses, before Notice be given of it to the Excise Officer, under a certain Penalty:

That every Owner of Sheep shall give Notice, when he intends to (hear his Ffock, that the Officer maybe present, to take an Account of the Number of Sheep, and Weight of the Wool fhom; and that every Fell-monger may be obliged tb inform the Officer of his Division of the Weight of the Wool, which he shall pull from Skins; and in general, that all Dealers in Wool shall be obliged to give ati Account to their Excite Officer of all the Wool in their Possession:

That no Wool shall Be removed from Warehouses, lo entered, except by virtue of a Permit from the Excise Officer, to be renewed, as often as the Wool shall pass from Qije Dealer to another, till it comes into the Hands of the last Manufacturer.

It has been likewise suggested, that the Excise Officer may take a Bond from the first Buyer, whereby he should oblige himself to manufacture the Wool, he buys; but, if the Purchaser be not a Manufacturer, that then Notice should be given to the Officer of the Division, whenever the Wool shall be refold, either in the whole, or in part, and fresh Bonds be given by the Buyers, till the fame

5 Geo. II.

6" Martii.

«33

1#

ft

y

fame shall be finally manufactured j and some have thought, that for the better Security of this Matter, the Manufacturer should be obliged to make Oath, that he will manufacture the Wool, he buys.

Without Doubt, the keeping Sight of the Wool, from the time it is (horn, till it is brought into the Hands of the last Manufacturer, might greatly contribute to the putting a Stop to the running of this Commodity; but, as all the foregoing Fropolals would probably be attended with Multiplicity of Accounts, besides other Difficulties, and great Expence, we are of Opinion, some other Methods, which seem liable to fewer Difficulties, might be very conducive to the Cure of this Grievance.

With regard to Great Britain, we would propose, that the Law, now in force in Kent and Sussex, passed the 9th and 10th of William 3d, intituled, An Act for the Explanation, and better Execution, of former Acts,

made against the Transportation of Wool, Fullers Earth, and scouring Clay," may be extended to all Parts of the united Kingdom within Ten Miles of the SeaCoaft:

That no Wool be brought or imported from Ireland into this Kingdom, or earned Coastwise in except in Vessels, registered and appointed solely for that Purpose; and that all Wool, shipped on board any other Vessel, shall be liable to Seizure by the Captains of his Majesty's Ships of War, by the Commanders of the Register Ships, the Custom-house and Excile Officers, and by all other Persons, duly authorised; and that Officers be appointed, to put the Laws in Execution against the running of Wool, with ample Encouragement to Informers, easily to be recovered, and proportionable Penalties laid on Offenders.

But, as every thing, that may be proposed for the Cure of this Evil in Great Britain oniy, would be far from answering the Design upon the whole, unless proper Methods should at the same time be found, to prevent the Exportation of Wool, and of Woollen Manufactures, from Ireland to foreign Parts, so, many of the same Persons, who have considered this Matter with respect to Great Britain, have also extended their Thoughts to

Ireland.

And some of them have proposed to apply the foregoing Expedients of County Warehouses, general Registers, and the Inspection of the Custom-house Officers, as proper to be put in Practice in Ireland; with this Addition, that certain Staple Towns should be appointed in that Kingdom, for the Reception of Wool grown there.

But we are of Opinion, that the moll likely Means, and most attainable, for these Purposes, would be, absolutely to prohibit the shipping of Wool in except in Ships and Vessels, registered and appointed for that Service only, and that no Wool Licences should be granted, for Shipping of Wool on board any other Vessels:

That the explanatory Clause contained in an Act, passed in the 11th and iath of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for continuing 4‘ several Laws therein mentioned, and for explaining " the Act, intituled, An Act to prevent the Exportation *4 of Wool out of the Kingdoms of Ireland and England into foreign Parts, and for the Encouragement of the Woollen Manufactures in the Kingdom of Eng-4‘ land," whereby Leave was given to every Mariner, or Passenger, on board a Ship, to furnish himself with the Woollen Manufactory of Ireland, to the Amount of Forty Shillings, may be repealed, since it is highly probable, that, under this Pretence, the Woollen Manufactures of that Kingdom first found their way to foreign Markets in large Quantities:

That the Captains of English Men of War and Sloops, as well as the Commanders of the Register Ships, and all Officers of his Majesty's Customs and Excile, may be invested with full Power and Authority to seize all Irish Woollen Goods, which they shall find on board any Ship or Vessel whatsoever, and all Wool, which shall Vox.. 21.

be found on board of any other but the said Register Rannioi Vessels. of Wool.

And these Provisions are the more necessary, because we have been credibly informed, that of late Years British Merchants have given no small Encouragement to the Irifl) Woollen Manufactures, by buying up, and exporting, great Quantities from that Kingdom, on their own Account to foreign Parts.

And, provided an effectual Stop could be put to the Exportation of Irish Woollen Manufactures, and of Irish Wool, to foreign Parts, we should conceive, that ii would be highly for the Advantage of Great freely, and without Duties, to admit the Importation of their Yarn.

And, in order to make this Benefit more extensive, we would beg Leave to submit to the Consideration of this honourable House, whether it may not be proper to open all the Ports of Ireland and England, for the Exportation and Importation of Irish Woollen Yam, but more particularly the Ports of Gallway and London; for we are in-? formed, that great Quantities of the bell Wool in Ireland are produced within Thirty Miles round the Town of Gallway, winch is above One hundred Miles distant from any of the Ports now open for the Exportation of Wool from that Kingdom; so that the Land Carriage in Ireland creates an Addition of about Six per Cent, upon the prime Coll of the Wool, before it comes to any of the Ports, from whence it can be sent to England, as the Law now Hands; and, in the same manner, the Charges of bringing a Pack of Irish Yam from the Port of Bristol to Colchester, or Norwich, has been computed to be no

leis than Five per Cent, at a Medium, upon the prime Coll of the Yarn, and the Charge of carrying a Pack of Irish Wool between those Places is computed at near Fifteen per Cent, upon the prime Cost of the Wool; which being impartially considered, we conceive, it will appear unreasonable to this honourable House, that the Manufactures in one Part of this Kingdom should remain under the Necessity of working up of the Irish Wool and Yam near Ten per Cent, dearer, than others; a Difficulty, that would be intirely removed by opening the Port of London which lies conveniently for tbpiplying the Manufacturers of Essex, and of the adjacent Counties.

These are the principal Matters, that have occurred to us upon this Subject; to which we would beg Leave tp add, that such of these Provisions, as shall be approved of, and more particularly, what relates to the Register Ships, may be extended to the Illes of Man, G'uernfey,

Jersey, Alderney, and Sark.

All which is humbly submitted to this honourable House.

Whitehall, March P. Dominique,

6th 173 {. Edw.

Orl. Bridgeman,

Ja. Brudenell.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Bill for repairing and amending the Road leading M-nchester from the Town of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Road-Lancaster, through the Town of Ashton under Lyne, and the Parish of Mottram Langdendale, and from thence to Salters Brook, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Salusbury Cotton, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Williams, Mr. Neale,

Mr. Compton, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Bromley, Lord Limerick,

Mr. Earle, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Hughes, Mr. Packer, Mr. Bertie, Lord,

Mr. Baron Birch, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Laroche, Mr.

Leheup, Mr. Martin, Sir Wm. Yonge, Sir Nathanael

Curzon, Mr. Norris, Mr. More, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Lloyd,

Mr. Cholmondeley, Lord Malpas, Mr. Allington, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Alderman Parsons, Mr. Rowney, Mr.

Bramston, Mr. Digby, Mr. Watkin Williams Wynne,

Mr. Edwards', and all the Members that lerve

10 B for

Little

Kineton

Inclosure.

Petition respecting Prize Money,

834 6° — 70 Mtit. 1731.

for the Counties of Lancaster, Chester, Stafford, York, and Derby: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for exchanging, inclosing, and reducing into Severalty, several common Fields, common Meadows, and waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Little Kineton, in the County of was read a

Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Treby, Colonel Lyddell, Mr. Parsons, Sir Charier Turner, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Leheup, Mr. Campbell, of Pembrokeshire, Mr. Trelawney, Sir Willys, Sir Wm. St.

Quint in, Mr. Clutterbuck, Sir Roger Meredith, Sir John

Shelley, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Wyndham, Mr. Alderman

Barnard, Mr. Hen. Bromley, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Huxley, Lord Gage, Mr. Burton, Sir Tho.

Sir Justinian lsham. Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Mr.

wynd, Mr. Sandys, Sir Wm. Mr. Yorke, Mr.

Williams, Mr. Neale, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Earle, Lord Limerick, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Packer, Mr. Hughes, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Baron Birch, Sir John Rufhout, Lord Morpeth, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Norris, Mr. More, Mr. Wm. Bromley, Mr. Alderman Parsons, Mr. Crozvle, Sir Geo. Saville, Mr. Martin, Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr. Lloyd, Sir Richard Lane, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir

John Norris, Mr. Edwards, Mr. Danvers, Mr. Bramjton, Sir John Williams, Mr. Digby, Mr. Andrews, Mr. Allington, Lord Malpas, Captain Vernon, Sir Francis Drake; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Warwick, Oxford, and NorthaAnd they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of John Hollioak, John Baker, Henry Wood, Roger Adams, and other the Subscribers, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Officers, and Sailors, concerned in the Capture of the St.Jago, and other Prizes* before Gibraltar, in the Year 1726, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, that the Petitioners served in the Fleet under the Command of Sir Charles Wager, in the Year 1726, when Gibraltar was besieged by the Spaniards, aboard those Ships, which took several Spanish Prizes, of great Value, and were entitled to a Proportion thereof, pursuant to his late Majesty's Declaration, for the Encouragement of Sailors; but that they have never received any Part thereof: And therefore praying, that the House will be pleased to examine into the Premises, that the Petitioners may have such Justice done them, as to the House shall seem meet.

Resolved, That the said Petition be rejected.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House w to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a . Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for better ^3 securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty'sSugar Cote. Colonies in America.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Wilmington took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Winnington reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon fhurfday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 70 die Martii j

Anno j* Georgii II" Regis, 1731.

Prayers.

THE House being informed, that Mr. Bridges, Se- cretary of the Stamp Office, attended at the Door D^j, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, ScotW. pursuant to their Order,

An Account of what Money has been paid into the Exchequer in England by the Receiver-general of the Stamp Duties, so much having been received by him from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from Christmas 1716, to Christmas 1731; and also,

An Account of Money, paid into the Exchequer in England, on account of the Apprentices Duty in from Christmas^ 1716, to Christmas 1731.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as follows;

to

1

s taken Rrcord jpcr in wer.

3 taken

Clerk

Dispensa-

it.

5 Geo. II. __ 7" Martii. 835

An ACCOUNT of what Money has been paid into the Exchequer in England by the ReCciVer-general of Stamp Duties, so much having been received by him from that Part of Great Britain called from

Christmas 17x6. to Chrijhtas 1731.

ad additional Duty 171+. New Duty 1711. Several Kinds 1712. TOTAL.

From Christmas 1717 1716, to Christmas £ S. d. 1,250 £ d. £ s. d. 220 — — £ * 1.470

1718 - - - 1,129 IO — 20 — — 185 — — *,334 10 —

17*9 - - - m L579 15 9 50 — — 295 1,924 15 9

1720 - - - - 1,13° 20 — — 290 1,440

1721 m - 979 9 — 70 — — 240 1,289 9 —

1722 - - - 1,090 120 — 254 9 — 1,464 9 —

1723 - - - m 870 m mm - 249 5 1,119 2 5

1724 - - - *.645 5 — - 356 2,001 5 —

1725 - - - - 1.354 7 6 - 460 — — 1,814 7 6

1726 - - - 1,195 10 — - - 288 1,483 10 —

1727 - m 1,103 956 5 — 40 — — 441 1,584

1728 - - - 39° 1.346 5

1729 - - - >.439 *5 — 120 — 579 5 ~ 2>I39

1730 - - - 1,227 2 7 — 8 II 769 15 7 *»997 7

*73* - 1,117 13 10 - - 623 6 8 1,741 — 6

c-l 18,067 J3 8 440 8 I I 5,640 18 8 24 »49 1 3

Stamp-Office, March 4th, 1731. Examined per Alexander , for the Comptroller.

Richard , John,

Brocas Gardiner, Will,

An ACCOUNT of what Money hath been paid into the Exchequer in England by the Receiver-general of the Stamp Duties on account of the Rates or Duties on Moneys, given with Clerks and Apprentices, arising in Scotland, from Christmas 1716, to Christmas 1731.

The Year, from Christmas 1716, D* -D* -' D# -D* -D° -D* -D° -D* -D* -D* -D* -D* -D* -D* -

to Christmas 1717 1718

*7*9

1720

- - 1721

1722

1723

- - 1724

1725

- - 1726

1727

1728

1729

1730

*731

Ex*.

Henry Montague, Regr. and Compt'.

£ s. d. 60 ——

r

7°

" - - 160 —

- *45 — 5°

156 9 — i

T o t a i.....1,434 9 — i

Richard Shelley, John Turner,

Brocas Gardiner, Will. Hewett.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House being informed, that Mr. Holmes, Deputy Keeper of his Majesty's Records in the Tower of London, attended at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, A Table of Fees, claimed by the Keeper of his Majesty's Records in the Tower of London.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Table was read.

The House being informed, that Mr. Wheake, Clerk of the Dispensations and Faculties, attended to the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, A Table of Fees of the Clerk of the Dispensations and Faculties.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Table was read.

Ordered, That the said Tables be referred to the Confxderadon of the Committee, to whom the several Vol. 21.

Lists of the Officers, and their Deputies, belonging to the several Courts in Westminster-hall, and elsewhere, with the Lifts, Accounts, and Tables of Fees, claimed by them, which were presented to this House in the last Session of Parliament, and also the Lifts, Accounts, and Tables of Fees, of the Officers, and Servants, belonging to the Judges of the several Courts in and the Circuits, the Aftociates, and Clerks of Assize, presented to this House in the Session preceding the last, are referred; and that they do report what appears to them, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

The said Tables are bound up with the other Papers , of this Session.

Ordered, That the Clerk for ingrossing Briefs, the Fees taken Comptroller of the Hanaper, the Clerk of the Leases, m

the Clerk of the Presentations, and the Patentees of the Six-peny Office in the Court of Chancery, do forthwith lay before this House, Tables of the several Fees, claimed by them.

3 Mr.

836 7 ° Martii.

Guinand'i, Mr. Thmffin presented to the House (according to dec. Nat. Ofder) a Bill to naturalize JoJtph Guinatfd, and David Dumouchel; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Recovery of Mr. Alderman Perry presented to the House (accord-PUnutioni to Order) a Bill for the more easy Recovery of 1 Debts in his Majesty's Plantations and Colonies abroad; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Morice* Mr. Copleston, reported from the Committee, to Estate. whom the Petition of Sir William Morice, Baronet, was referred; that the Committee bad examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as follows; viz.

That the Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, proceeded to examine the Matter of the said Petition; and, to prove the Allegations of the fame,

A Deed of Settlement quadrupartite, bearing Date the 27th Day of April 1717, was produced, and read; whereby it appeared, that the Lands, with the Appurtenances, mentioned in the Petition, lying in , in the County of Cornwall, were granted and conveyed by Sir Nicholas Morice, Baronet, the Petitioner's Father, to Trustees therein named, and their Heirs,

To the Use of Sir Nicholas, for Life, without Impeachment of Waste, Remainder to Trustees, and their Heirs, during the Life of Nicholas, to preserve contingent Uses and Estates;

Remainder to the Petitioner, Sir for Life,

without Impeachment of Waste;

Remainder to Trustees, and their Heirs, during the Life of the Petitioner, to preserve contingent Uses and Estates;

Remainder to his First and other Sons in Tail Male, with other Remainders over.

That the Petitioner, having no other Lands in or near Padftow, other than those mentioned in the Petition, hath agreed to sell the same to Edmund Esquire,

named also in the Petition, and, in lieu thereof, is willing and delirous to settle the Manor of in the said County of Cornwall, being seised in Fee thereof, which appeared to the Committee to be of much greater Value, than the said Lands in and lie contiguous and

adjoining to other Manors and Lands of the Petitioner, and nearer to his Family Seat.

That all the Parties, concerned and interested under the said Deed of Settlement, have consented to the Sale of the Estate in Padstow, on condition that the Manor of lde is settled to and upon such Trulls and Uses, as the Estate intended to be (old. Hands limited and settled; but, in regard the Petitioner is only Tenant for Life, such Sale cannot be made, without the Assistance of an Act of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Sale of Part of the Estate of Sir William Morice, Baronet, in Padjlow, in the County of Cornwall, and for settling

another Estate in the said County, of better Value, to the same Uses, in Lieu thereof; and that Mr. Copkston, Mr. Tremayne, Sir William Carew, and Mr. Gibson, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Law* re- Mr. Bramstonpresented to the House (according to latwg to Order) a Bill to explain, amend, and render more equal, Highway*, the Laws, relating to the Methods, by which Persons are charged towards repairing the Highways; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Qualification Mr. Rolle presented to the House (according to Order) ©t Members. n*

a Bill for amending, and making effectual, an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for securing the Free*

« dom of Parliaments, by the farther qualifying the Members to lit in the House of Commons and the same , was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Doddington presented to the Hoyfe (according to Rebufc, Order) a Bill for the better and more easy rebuilding of the Town of Bland ford Forum, in the County of Dorset, and for determining Differences touching Houses and Buildings, burnt down, or deraolished, by realbnof the late dreadful Fire there; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for preserving and encouraging a new Invention Loato in England by Sir Thomas Lombe, and granting him a fur* EllvKto ther Term of Years, for the foie making, and using, his Three Italian Engines, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time upon this Day Sevennight.

Mr. Saudys presented to the House (according to Coape&j Order) a Bill for the Appearance of George Rotinfm, ^r;Koj Esquire, at a certain Time, to be fixed in the Bill; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be now read a Second time.

And the said Bill was accordingly read a Second time. Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Palmer presented to the House (according to C«p<i&| Order) a Bill to encourage, and compel, John Thompfin, Ttaita and his Accomplices, to surrender themselves, with the kc-."!u Books and Effects of the said Company, at a certain jy»«! Time, to be fixed in the Bill; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved\That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be now read a Second time.

And the said Bill was accordingly read a Second time. Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Appearance of George Robinson, Esquire, at a certain Time, to be fixed in the Bill, is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do alter and make both the said Bills into One.

The House being informed, that Mr. 5«ow, Prothono* F«ukoi tary in Chancery, attended at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their ctu‘1", Order, A Table of Fees, belonging to the Office of the Prothonotary in Chancery.

And then be withdrew.

And the Title of the said Table was read.

Ordered, That the said Table be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the several Lists of the Officers and their Deputies, belonging to the several Courts in Westminster-hall, and elsewhere, with the Life, Accounts, and Tables of Fees, claimed by them, which were presented to the House in the last Session of Parliament, and also the Lifts, Accounts, and Tables of Fees, of the Officers, and Servants, belonging to the Judges of the several Courts in Wcflmitisler-hall, and the Circuits, the Aflbciates, and Clerks of Assize, presented to this House in the Session preceding the lall, are referred; and that they do report what appears to them, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House,

O'!

It,-'

U-i

few.

v<V:

Geo.

7° — 8°

837

The said Table is bound up with the other Papers bf this Session.

tall of the The Names of the Members, who made Default to House. appear,- upon the Call of the House, and were ordered to attend the House upon this Day, were called over; and they all appeared, except Sir Baronet,

who was excused, upon account of Illnels, Sir James Thornhill, Knight, and Thomas Esquire, who was

excused, upon account of an extraordinary Avocation.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That Sir James Thornhill, Knight, be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms at tending this House;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the *.{*£ £* }

Tellers for the Noes,^ Og/etAorpe:}

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Sir James Thornhill, Knight; do Attend this House upon this Day Sevennight.

Woolwich The House (according to Order) resolved itself into C hurch. a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for building the Parish Church of ,in the County of Kent, as one of the Fifty new Churches, directed to be built by Two Acts of Parliament, one made in the - Ninth, and the other in the Tenth, Year of the Reign

of her late Majesty Queen Anne.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Roger Meredith took the Chair of the Committee.

1 Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Roger Meredith reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

(emulation Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom-Pilot*, &c. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better Regulation and Government of Pilots, licensed by the Corporation of Trinity-house of Deptford Strond, in the County of Kent, and to prevent Mischiefs and Annoyances upon the River of Thames below London Bridge.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii,8° Martii;

Anno 5* Georgii 11" Regis, 1731.

Prayers.

«relating rI 'HE House being informed, that Mr. Thory, De-

:>'Com- X puty to the Patentees to make out Commissions of

'" nkruotcy Bankrupts, attended at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, A Table of the Fees, taken by the Patentees for making out Commissions of Bankrupts, i- And then he withdrew,

r- And the Title of the said Table was read,

i ' The House being informed, that Mr. Toller, from

r: - the Sealer to the great Seal, and Deputy Register for

\. c\ inrolling Proceedings in Matters of Bankruptcy, attended

at the Door, he was called in, and at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Table of Fees, claimed by the Sealer to the great Seal of Great Britain; and also,

A Table of Fees, claimed b ythe Register for in-tolling Proceedings in Matters of Bankruptcy.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Tables were read.

Vol. 21.

Ordered, That the said Tables be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the several Lists of the Officers, and their Deputies, belonging to the several Courts in Westminster-hdll, and elsewhere, with the Lifts,

Accounts, and Tables of Fees, claimed by them, which were presented to this House in the last Session of Parliament, and also the Lifts, Accounts, and Tables of Fees, of the Officers, and Servants, belonging to the Judges of the several Courts in Westminster-hall, and the Circuits, the Afibciates, and Clerks of Assize, presented to this House in the Session preceding the last, are referred; and that they do report what appears to them, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

The said Tables are bound up with the other Papers of this Session. 1

Mr. Laroche reported from the Committee, to whom kenfiogtoa

the Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto Road*, subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and other Trustees, appointed to put in Execution an Act, of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads in the Parishes of Kettpng-ton, Chelsea, and Fulham, was referred; that the Committee bad examined the Matter of the said Petition, arid had directed him to report the feme, as it appeared to them, to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; where the feme was read, and is as follows; viz.

That the Committee, in pursuance of the Ordef of the House, of the 28th of February last, bate taken the Matter of the said Petition into Confederation; and the Petitioners, to prow the Allegatloni thereof, called the following Witnesses;

Walter Lloyd; who feid, that he being intimately acquainted wish Rice Williams, one of the Collectors, appointed to receive the Tolls granted by the said Act, the said Williams told him, he would let him ipto a Secret, which was, that the Place of Collector of the said Toll, for which he was allowed only 10 s.per Week, was, however, better, than being an Officer in the Excise, nay even a Supervisor; and farther told him, he would make Iiy tcreft to a Friend, to get him appointed a Collector, in case he would give him, and his Brother Collectors, his Assistance; which he accordingly agreed to do; and was employed by the said Rice Williams, Hugh Hugh Davis, Richard Franklyn, Thomas Ratcliff, and David Probert, the then Collectors, from November 1727, to September 1730, to cut their Tickets, and make up their Accounts, which they were respectively to swear to before the Trustees at their monthly Meetings:

That the said Williams told him, his Business waf, to deliver Tickets; and that the Collectors were directed, either to tear them or give them to the Passengers, as they went through the Turnpikes, but now they did neither:

And further informed the Committee, that he hay attended, for such Collectors, to receive the Tolls, and has, by their Direction, taken Money of Pafieng^fs, and neither tore the Tickets, nor delivered their Tickets tp them; and likewise, that he has taken, and picked up.

Tickets, that Passengers have returned; which very Tickets, he has seen delivered to other Passengers: ,;

And further said, that the said Collectors Teldom or never delivered any Tickets to Waggoners, Stage-coachmen, or Drivers of Packhorses, but received the Money, and put it in their own Pockets; at. thejrlikewife did all the Money, taken between the hours of Eight and 12 at Night, Part whereof he himself has received, and given to the Collectors:

And said, that, for upwards of Two Years and an half, while he made up their Accounts, none of the Money, so received, was ever accounted for.

Stephen Cull; who feid, he was acquainted with Catherall, one of the said Collectors; and that there ought to be Three always on Duty ztHay Hill Gate, and ought to relieve one another at Eight a Clock at Night; but to save themselves Labour, only one of them 0 to Cufed

838 8° Mar 1731.

Kensington used to attend; and he assisted them sometimes for a without specifying, what particular Sum was to be paid,

Ro*ds. Shilling, and sometimes, for Sixpence, a Night: and, consequently, that the Defendant might be a

That on the Mornings Cattle were driven to Smithfield Pri loner for Life; but declared, that, if the Conviction Market, many Scores used to come through the Turn- had been only for not accounting, it might have been pike, for which, when the Drovers have paid Two or good j and thereupon the Court quashed the Conviction,

Three Shillings, the Collectors»would only deliver a and discharged Cat her all out oi Newgate:

Two-peny or Three-peny Ticket: And laid, that he And laid, that another Collector, who was also

himself, by their Directions, had received a Shilling, or committed at the same time, encouraged by the Success Ten Pence, at a Time, more or less, for Cattle, and paid Calberall had had, brought a Certiorari and Habeas it to them, and only delivered Tickets to the Value of Corpus in the same manner; and then the Conviction Three Pence, or a Groat; and they never accounted for returned thereupon, was only for not accounting, be-the Overplus: cause the Court had before declared, in Gather alt s Cafe,

That they used to receive all the Money from Stage- that, if it had been only for not accounting, it might coachmen, Waggoners, and Drivefs of Packhorses, and have been valid; and that Matter being argued by never deliver any Tickets; and ([in Cat her all keeping Counsel before the said Court, the Conviction was an Alehouse near the Turnpike, where the other Col- quashed for want of Form, and Abell set at Liberty:

.....; l^ilors . were, continually drinking, they used to excuse And further said, that Cat her all has thereupon brought

... 'i the neighbouring Carriages to pals without paying the hisAdion in the Court of King's Bench against the said Toll, in case they spent. Money in Beer at his House: Justices of the Peace, for false Imprisonment, which was

\ That the-Collectors used to make up then- Accounts to tryed at the Sittings after last Michaelmas Term; and he,

12. a Clock at Night, but never accounted for any Money not proving the Commitment, was nonsuited; but lie they received from Eight a Clock in the Eveningtill 12; has (ince brought another Action, which was tryed last and that they collected the Toll by look Tickets, gathered Hilary Term, and obtained a Verdict, for 120.

' up, or given to them, upon Passengers returning: Damages, against the said Justices; which now aifureih

That he has heard Cat her all frequently say, when he upon a Point of Law, whether an Action can lie against: had been at the Board, to (wear t« his Accounts delivered the Justices at their special Sessions, acting under the in; it w*s only a Turnpike Oath; and that a Glass of Authority of an Act of Parliament.

Brandy would wash it down; and that he defied all the And, upon reading the aforesaid Act, it appeared to Commissioners to find him out. the Committee to be doubtful, whether the Trustees,

vMr. Roger GatAorn, Receiver of the Moneys arising by thereby appointed, by reason of the Omission of some the said Toil; syho said, that the Method of collecting the Words in the Clause, impowering them to appoint laid Toll was by Tickets; and that he every Day de- Collectors and Receivers, have a Power to remove, or livered.to the Collecfprs a certain Number of them, and appoint, any Collector or Receiver, other than at their tlrey.weye obliged to bring them the Money for so many, First Meeting.

as they disposed of, and to make up the Day's Balance Ordered. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to with the remaining!Tickets, which they returned. explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed

And Mr..G^/zcr«iurther laid, that one Bo wman Sparks, in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King whowas a Collector, and is since dead, lent for him on George the First, intituled, "An Act for repairing the his Peath-bed^and told V>im, that he had a Scruple of " Roads in the Parishes of and

Conscience, upon him; any! that he believed, he could " and other Parishes in the County

tell him, how he might save per Annum in the and that Mr. Laroche, Mr. Crojfe, and Sir

Collection of the Tolls; for that they had a Method of do prepare, and bring in, the lame, gilding Tickets, ,:and: could make them pass at any > .

Gate. The House being informed, that Mr. More, Deputy petsdi

And it appeared by an Account, delivered to the Clerk of the Hanaper Office in the Court of Chancery, i» &C* Committee by the said Mr. Gat horn, that the Toll had attended at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, of been decreased in the time, the said Collectors were presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, a Table employed, from £.a,016. per Annum to £ 1.674. per of Fees, taken in the Hanaper Office, in which are in-Annunt; and that, since they were removed by the eluded those payable out of this Office to the King's Trustees for the said Frauds, the Toll is increased from Majesty, the Lord Chancellor, the Mailer of the Rolls,

£. 1,674. to £.2,226. by which it is computed, that the Six Clerks for Inrolment, the Sealer, the Chaff-wax, the Collectors mull have defrauded the Toll, in about the Examiner, the Ulher, and the Messenger.

Three Years time, not less than the Sum of £. 1,586. , And then he withdrew.

Nathanael Blacker by, Esquire; who informed the Com- And the Title of the said Table was read,

mittee, that these Frauds having been discovered to the That the said Table be referred to the Con-

Trustees, they made Application to the Justices of the sideration of the Committee, to whom the several Lifts Peace, at their specialSeffrons, held the 9th of December of the Officers, and their Deputies, belonging to the 17 Jo who convicted the said Cat her all, Abell, and several Courts in Westminster-hall, and el le where, with Darts; efi the - laid Frauds, it then appearing by the the Lifts, Accounts, and Tables of Fees, claimed by Testimony of several. Witnesses upon Oath, that 36 them, which were presented to this House in the last Accounts, which Gather all had delivered in to the Session of Parliament, and also the Lifts, Accounts, and Trustees, and sworn to, were false; and they were com- Tables of Fees, of the Officers, and Servants, belonging mitted to the common Gaol of the County, there to re- to the Judges of the several Courts in main without Bail or Mainprize,. until they should and the Circuits, the Associates, and Clerks of Aliize, deliver in a true,-exact, and perfect, Account, in presented to this House in the Session preceding the last, Writing, "and make Payment of the Money due, as are referred; and that they do report what appears to the Ad directs. . ' . \ them, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Mr. Nath. Chambers-r, who said, that in Hilary Term The laid Table is bound up with the other Papers

following the said1 Catherrfilbrought a Writ of Certiorari, of this Session.

to remove tlye Cotyviction taken before the said Justices,

and an Habeas Corpus, to fee'.bailed, or discharged; Sir "Jeremy Vanacktr Sambrooke presented to the House whereupon the Conviction was returned into the Ring's (according to Order) a Bill for the effectual repairing the R Bench, and The Cause there argqed by Counsel; and the Highways between and Hockliffe, in the County

Court declared,' ‘that the Conviction. was not valid, for of by enlarging the Term and Powers granted

that it charged the Defendant with not, accounting, and by two former Acts, one of the Ninth, and the other of not paying, which are the express YVords in the Ad, the Twelfth, Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen

Amc,

'; , . 1 J ' - - - ' '

v:

J , '

J;

tare Justices I oi Peace.

ti-

lt

A

ri f*

i.

: Recovery of v Debts in fUnutions.

'ompclling ►Ir. Robin-&c. Ippearance-

Supply Bill; Duties on Sal:, &c.

5 Geo. II. 8° Martii.839

Anne-, and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Sandysreported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to oblige the Justices of the Peace, at their Quarter Sessions, to proceed to determine Appeals to them, according to the Merits of the Cafe, notwithstanding De/cCts of Form in the original Proceedings, was committed , that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the Report was read; and the Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for the more easy Recovery of Debts in his Majesty's Plantations and Colonies abroad, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Scrope, Mr. Gib/cn, Sir Wm. Tonge, Mr. Douglas, Mr. Fane,

Mr. Orlebar, Lord Malpas, Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr.

Alderman Barnard, Mr. Conduit, Mr. Mr.

Earle, Mr. Oroffe, Mr. Moor, Sir John Baring ton, Mr. Burton, Lord Morpeth, Sir Charles Turner, Lord

Harvey, Sir Hen. Gough, Mr. Hen. Bromley, Mr. Drummond, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Smelt, Colonel Bladen, Mr. A Pic. Mr. Docminique, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Treby, Mr. Brook]bank, Mr. Annejley, Mr. Bacon, Mr. York, Mr. Edwards, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Bertie, Lord Mr. Tiljon, Sir Archibald Grant, Sir Nathanael Curzon,

Sir Roger Bradfliaigh, Mr. RawEarle, Mr. Grant,

Mr. Keif all. General Rojje, Mr. Mr. Bramfion,

Mr. Clayton, Mr. Doddington, Mr. Digby , and all the Merchants of the House; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Appearance of George Robinson, Esquire, at a certain Time, to be fixed in the Bill, and upon the Bill to encourage and compel, John T and his Accomplices, to surrender themselves, with the Books and Effects of the said Company, at a certain Time to be fixed in the Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Sandystook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Sandysreported from the Committee, that they

had gone through both the said Bills, and made several Amendments thereunto, and had, pursuant to the Instruction of the House, made them One Bill; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill, and Amendments, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morningi

The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for reviving the Duties on Salt, for the Term therein mentioned, being read;

Ordered, That it bean Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, to restrain any Person, during the time he shall be concerned or employed in the charging, collecting, levying, or managing, any of the Duties, to be granted by the said Bill, from being a returning Officer, or voting, er influencing any Elector to vote, in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament;

Vo l. 21.

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Teller, for the Yeas,)' } »9-

Tellers for the Noes,) Jjj'^,) *'«'

So it was passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, to exempt from the Duties, to be laid by the said Bill, all home-made Salt, used in victualling Ships: And a Debate arising thereupon;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, that the Debate be adjourned;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for ho

Tellers for the Noes.j^' ] 2M.

So it passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That it bean Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause to exempt from the Duties, to be laid by the said Bill, all home-made Salt, used in victualling Ships:

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the House do now adjourn:

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas,|S;rr }

Tellers forrheNo^r.^y - War, J IOJ. So it passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, that the Potters may be allowed a Drawback of the Duty upon all Salt, used in glazing their Earthen Ware;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question. being put, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, that Salt, used for manuring of Land, be exempt from the Duties, to be laid by the said Bill;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for theY^Mr.^, J

Tellers for the Noes, ] i93-

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, to make void all Bargains, now subsisting, for the Delivery of Salt at any future Time.

A Morion was made, and the Question being put. That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, to fix the Assize of all Salt, which shall be fold, before the Duties, laid by the said Bill, do take place;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, that the House do now adjourn:

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Ten, sfor theYea,{^.^XM»..}

Tellers for the Noes. { ] , S*'

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

v Sir

840

8° — 9°

A. 1731;

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Cofnmittee, that they had made a Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, at Twelve of the Clock* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

yovts, 90 Martii;

Anno 5* Georgii IK* Regis, 1731*

Praters.

ffOSEPH Guinand took the Oaths appointed, in

J order to his Naturalization.

Answer to Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, that their Addrefr. Address, of Monday last. That his Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Di regions to the proper Officers, to lay before this House, an F.ftimate of what may be necessary for repairing and rebuilding his Majesty's Ships, and for the Repair of his Majesty's Docks, for the Year 1732, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he will give Directions accordingly.

Lombe's A Petition of the Manufacturers of Mohair and Yarn, Engine for the TWifters and Twiners of Mohair, Cotton, Thread, making Or- and Worsted, and of other the principal Traders, within ganzine 1 . ty,e Town of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lan-whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also,

A Petition of the Manufacturers of S'dk, Mohair, and Yarn, the Twisters and Twiners of Mohair, Cotton, Thread, and Worsted, and of other principal Traders, within the Borough of Macclesfield, in the County of Chester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also,

A Petition of the Manufacturers of Silk, Mohair, and Yarn, the Twisters and Twiners of M hair, Cotton, Thread, and Worsted, and of other the principal Traders, within the Town of Leek, in the county of,

whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also,

A Petition of the Manufacturers of Mohair and Yarn, the Twisters and Twiners of Mohair, Cotton, Thread, and Worsted, and of other the principal Traders, within the Town of Stockport, in the County Palatine of Chester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; alleging, that several Clauses in the Bill, now depending before this House, for preserving, and encouraging, a new Invention in England by Sir Thomas Lombe, and granting him a farchei Term of Years, for the foie making, and uling, his Three Italian Engines, will, if the same be passed into a Law, be very prejudicial to the Petitioners, and to the Trade and Interest of the said Borough and Towns respectively: And therefore praying the House to take the rremifes into Consideration, and that the Petitioners may be heard by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, and may have such proper Relief, as the Nature of their same requires. Ordered, That the said Petitions do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for preserving, and encouraging, a new Invention in England by Sir Thomas Lombe, and granting him a farther Term of Years, for the foie making, and using, his Three Italian Engines, be read a Second time.

Morice't Mr. Coplefionpresented to the House (according to

Estate. Order) a Bill for Sale of the Estate of Sir Morice,

Baronet, in Padftowe, in the County of Cornwall, and for settling another Estate, of better Value, to the same Uses, in lieu thereof; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Brethren, and Lm&a capital Burgesses, of the Borough of Derby, in the County of Derby, in Common-council assembled 26th of February 1731, against the Bill, now depending in Parliament, for enlarging the Term of Sir Thomas s Patent, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, that Sir Thomas Lombe' % Engine, or Silk Mills, ereftedin the said Borough, is not only detrimental to the Woollen Manufacture there, bat also to the said Borough in general, by keeping the Poor thereof at home, and thereby increasing their Number; and that, though the said Engine employs a Number of Hands,' the Erection thereof has very much advanced the parochial Assessments in the said Borough; and that the enlarging the Term of the said Sir Thomas Lombe' % Patent will be a Continuance of the Grievance: And therefore praying that they may be heard by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for preserving, and encouraging, a new In* Vention in England by Sir Thomas Lombe, and granting him a further Term of Years, for the foie making, and using, his Three Italian Engines* be read a Second time.

I Cwf<

Er.Ki

V

Mr. Cockburn, from the Commissioners for executing El: the-Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, pre- M&j fented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, An Estimate of the Buildings* Rebuildings, and Repairs, of Ships, for the Year 173a.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Estimate is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the Master, Wardens, and Assistants, of I*®1*'1 the Company of Silk-throwers, of the City of,

on behalf of themselves, and the Commonalty of the said Company, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners are Manufacturers of raw Silk, in winding, spinning, and twisting, the fame, for the Use of the Silk Weavers; and that by an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, it was enacted, that no Person should use orexer* cife the said Trade, unless such as should be Apprentices thereunto: And alleging, that the Bill, now depending in this House, for granting a further Term to Sir Thoms Lombe, for the sole Use of his Three Engines formating organzine Silk, will, if passed into a Law, be very prejudicial to the Trade of the Petitioners, and will utterly ruin a great Number of Poor, employed by them: And therefore praying, that they may be heard by themselves, and their Counsel, before the said Bill shall pass into a Law, or that the Petitioners may have such Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for preserving, and encouraging, a new Invention in England by Sir Thomas Lombe, and granting him a further Term of Years, for the foie making, and using, his Three Italian Engines, be read a Second time.

Mr. Winnington (according to Order) reported from the Tn^ Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America, was committed, the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, one of them was dtfagreed to, and the rest were agre d unto, by the House.

A Clavafe was offered, to be added to the Bill, for limiting

Ffflfc

kk

real

Cri

P*

4C.

5 Geo. II.

ing the Quantity of Rum and Molasses, to be taken on board any Ship, for the Use of the Seamen belonging to such Ship.

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up.

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

And several other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with- the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

iTkobS Mr (according to Order) reported from the

on'», &c. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Appearance. the Appearance of George Robinson, Esquire, at a certain ' Time to be fixed in the Bill, and to encourage, and compel, John Thompson, Warehouse-keeper to the Charitable Corporation, for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, and his Accomplices, to surrender themselves, with the Books and Effects of the said Company, at a certain Time, to be fixed in the Bill, was committed, the Amendments, which the Committee had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, and Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments of, and to, some of them, agreed unto by the House; and several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Frauds by The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a aa rupta. Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for preventing Frauds, committed by Bankrupts.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Winning ton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Winning!on reported from the Committee, that - they had made a Progress in the Bill; and had directed

him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, i ow Martii;

Anno 5" Georgii IIdl Regis, 1731. Praters.

Fee* taken by rlT' H E House being informed, that Mr. Shaw, Clerk Clerk of A of the Presentations and Leases, attended at the Presentations, Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the c‘ House, pursuant to their Order,

A Lift of Fees, due to the Clerk of the Presentations; and also,

A Lift of Fees, due to the Clerk of the Leases.

And then he withdrew.

- And the Titles of the said Lifts were read.

The House being informed, that Mr. Roberts, Clerk

- of the Briefs, attended at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, A Table of the several Fees, claimed and taken by the Clerk of Briefs in the high Court of Chancery.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Table was read.

v The House being informed, that Mr. Colbatch, De-

puty Chaff-wax in Chancery, attended at the Door, he Vol. 21.

841

was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, A Lift of Fees, taken by Thomas Harris, Esquire, Chaff-wax m Chancery.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Lifts, and Table, be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the several Lists of the Officers, and their Deputies, belonging to the several Courts in Westminster-hall, and elsewhere, with the Lifts, Accounts, and Tables of Fees, claimed by them, which were presented to the House in the laffc Session of Parliament, and also the Lifts, Accounts, and Tables of Fees, of the Officers, and Servants, belonging to the Judges of the several Courts in Westminster-hall, and the Circuits, the Associates, and Clerks of Assize, presented to this House in the Session preceding the last, are referred; and that they do report what appears to them, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

The said Lifts and Table are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A Bill for inclosing and dividing the common Fields, Watchfield and common Grounds, in the Manor, Tything, or Ham- ^nclosure-let of Watchfield, in the County of Berks, was read a

Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Packer,

Sir Wm. Wentworth, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. after Sir Thomas Jfton, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Cunningham, Mr. -t/eworth, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Huxley,

Mr. Gybbon, Sir Wm. Carey, Mr. Mr. Hughes,

Mr. Slings by. Sir James Grant, Mr. Bertie, Sir Thomas Sebright, Sir Jeremy Sambrook, Sir John Cotton, Mr.

Talbot, Mr. Rowney, Sir Wm.Stapleton, Sir Edmund Bacon, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir Wm. Milner, Mr.

Bacon, Mr. Wright, Mr. Cafar, Mr. Peyto, Mr. Gape,

Mr. Alderman Parsons, Mr. Hawkins, Mr. Parrot, Mr.

Lifter, Mr. Chancey, Mr. Lewin, Mr. Potenger-, and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Berks Wilts, and Gloucester: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House being informed, that Mr. Bridges, one of Feestakenby the Comptrollers of the Hanaper, attended at the Door, Comptroller* he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, *of Hanaper. pursuant to their Order, A Table of Fees, claimed and taken by the Six Clerks, as Comptrollers of the Hanaper, and for inrolling the Warrants for Patents, Grants, and other Matters, passing under the great Seal, and returned into the Hanaper Office.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Table was read.

Ordered, That the said Table be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the several Lists of the Officers, and their Deputies, belonging to the several Courts in Westminster-hall, and elsewhere, with the Lifts,

Accounts, and Tables of Fees, claimed by them, which were presented to this House in the last Session of Parliament, and also the Lifts, Accounts, and Tables of Fees, of the Officers, and Servants, belonging to the Judges of the several Courts in W the Circuits, the Associates, and Clerks of Assize, presented to this House in the Session preceding the last, are referred; and that they do report what appears to them, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

The said Table of Fees is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Halford and Mr. Elde:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for making Process in Courts of Equity effectual against Per- person» fons, who abscond, and cannot be served therewith, or abscondinj. who refuse to appear; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

io D And

9* — 10° Martii.

84a 10° Martii. 1751.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Lombe's A Petition of the Manufacturers of Silk, Mohair, and Yarn, the Twisters and Twiners of Mohair, Cotton, ganz'ine Silk. Thread, and Worsted, and of other the principal Traders, within the Town of B in the County of Lancaster, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, that several Clauses contained in the Bill, now depending in this House, for prelcrving and encouraging, a new Invention in England by Sir Thomas and granting him a far-

ther Term of Years, for the foie making, and using, his Three Italian Engines, will, if the same be passed into a Law, be very prejudicial to the Petitioners, and to the Trade and Interest of the said Town: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that the Petitioners may be heard by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, and may have such proper Relief, as the Nature of their same requires.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for preferring, and encouraging, a hew Invention in England by Sir Thomas , and granting him a farther Term of Years, for the foie making, and using, his Three Italian Engines, be read a Second time.

Parton A Bill for enlarging the Term granted by an Act, made Harbour, in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for rebuilding the Pier and Harbour of Parton, in the County of , was read a

Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir James Lowt her, Lord Morfeth, Mr. York, Sir Thomas Robinson,

Mr. Fane, Sir Charles T, Mr. , Mr. Doddington. Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Longuevilley Major Sel-wyn, Mr. Polbill, Mr. Edward Walpole, Mr. Burton, Mr.

' Keljall, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Negus, Mr. Harrison, Mr. Clutter buck, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Hucks, Mr. Drummond, Mr- Dundas, Mr. Parsons, Mr.

Lord Gage, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Annejley, Sir Barington, Mr. Shut/lewor/h, Mr. Towers, Mr. Hughes, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Leheup, Mr. Wright, Mr. More, Mr. Phillips, Sir Nicholas Williams, Sir Lawson-,

and all the Members, that serve for the Counties of Cumberland, Westmorland, Lancaster, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of tire Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ballard Mr. Robert Hucks presented to the House (according Children. to Order) a Bill for the more effectual indemnifying and securing Parishes, and other Places, from such Charges as may arise from Bastard Children, born within the same; and the same was received, and read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time upon Tuesday Morning next.

Scarborough Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House (accord-Harbour. ing to Order) a Bill to enlarge the Pier and Harbour of Scarborough, in the County of York j and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Charitable Mr. Alderman Perry reported from the Committee, to

Corporation, whom the Petition of the Proprietors of the Charitable Corporation, for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, assembled in their general Court, is referred, that he was directed by the Committee to acquaint the House, that James Thomson had been examined by the said Committee, and had prevaricated in his Evidence.

Ordered, That the said James Thomson, having prevaricated in his Evidence before the said Committee, be committed close Prisoner to his Majesty's Gaol of Newgate, and that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants accordingly.

Ordered, That the said James Thomson be not allowed

the Use of Pen, Ink, or Paper; and that no Person be permitted to have Access to him, without the Leave of this House.

The House being moved, that the 27th Clause of an Inprif Act, made in the 9th Year of the Reign of her Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for laying a Duty upon iaoW" Hops," relating to the Importation of foreign Hops into Ireland, might be read;

And the said Clause being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the last Session Parliament, intituled, "An Act for importing from his Majesty's Plantations in America, directly into Ireland,

" Goods, not enumerated in any Act of Parliament and that Mr. Whitworth, Sir Roger Meredith, Mr. Pelham, Sir George Oxenden, Mr. Winnington, Sir Robert Furneje, Mr. Inwen, and Mr. Papillon, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

QfS,

Iof W'

The House being informed, that Mr. Fttmbj

Deputy to the Patentee of the Six-peny Writ Office, S"-Pt5 attended at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, Wm presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, A Table of Fees, claimed by the Patentee of the Six-peny Writ Office in the Court of Chancery.

And then he withdrew. '

And the Title of the said Table was read. 434

Ordered, That the said Table be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the several Lists of the Officers, and their Deputies, belonging to the several Courts in Westminster-kall ', and elsewhere, with the Lifts,

Accounts, and Tables of Fees, claimed by them, which were presented to this House in the last Session of Parlia- «?e

ment; and also the Lifts, Accounts, and Tables of Fees, of the Officers, and Servants, belonging to the Judges of the several Courts in Westminster-hall, and the Circuits, the Associates, and Clerks of Assize, presented to this House in the Session preceding the last, are referred; and

that thay do report what appears to them, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

The said Table is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for 5^ reviving the Duties on Salt, for the Term therein mentioned, being read;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, to exempt from the Duties, to be laid by the said Bill, Salt, used in dressing and curing of Leather;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, to exempt from the Duties, to be laid by the said Bill, Salt, used in making Glass, and Glass Bottles;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, for allowing Fish, cured with Scots Salt, to be brought from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland into that Part of Great Britain called England, the Person or Persons, who shall bring the fame, paying such Duties, upon bringing in such Fish, at the Port it is brought to, as, added to the Duty, payable upon Salt, made in Scotland, shall amount to the full Duty, payable in England, for the Quantity of Salt necessary for curing such Fish.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments

tsun

Ala

fc'iico?

; 5 Geo. II. 10° — 13

ments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

har, taWe Ordered, That Mr. Palmer have Leave to make a aperTof°n ' Motion, it being Five of the Clock:

Viinesses to And, having acquainted the House, by Direction of 1 e tecureJ. the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Proprietors of the Charitable Corporation, for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, assembled in their general Court, is referred, that the Committee had reason to apprehend, that many Books and Papers, relating to the Affairs of the said Corporation were in the Custody of 'Thomas Lease, and James Thomjonhe moved the House for an Order to secure the said Books and Papers.

Ordered, That Mr. 5 Mr. Lord

Lord Limerick, Mr. Mr. and

Mr. Alderman Perry, do go immediately, and secure all Books and Papers in the Custody of Thomas and

James Thomson, which relate to the Affairs of the Charitable Corporation, for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest.

_ The other Orders of the Day being read;

nd Means. Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

-Hg*- Resolved, That this House will, upon next,

of Peace* at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the farther Qualification of Justices of the Peace.

aply Bill; Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the - ami Tax. whole House, to whom the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-two, was committed, be received upon Wednesday Morning next.

toolwich Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the 'burch. whole House, to whom the Bill for rebuilding the Parish Church of Woolwich, in the County of as. one of the Fifty new Churches, directed to be built by Two Acts of Parliament, one made in the Ninth, and the other in the Tenth, Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, was committed, be received upon Monday Morning next.

tmmttees. Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

WTitnefsto Ordered, That the Keeper of his Majesty's Prison of: ttousht up Newgate do from time to time bring James Thomson, now Custody. a prisoner his Custody, to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Proprietors of the Charitable Corporation, for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, assembled in their general Court, is referred, in order to his being examined, as often as the said Committee shall think fit to require the fame; and that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant accordingly.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Vol. 2L

v

0 Martii. 843

LuncCy 130 die Martit;

Anno 5* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1731.

Prayers.

MR. Comptroller acquainted the House, that he had Answer to received his Majesty's Commands to lay before the Addrefc. House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, Copies of the several Petitions of several Matters and Owners of Ships, presented to his late Majesty in Council, from the Year 1715 to the Year 1720, complaining of divers Abuses, committed by the Matter, Wardens, and Assistants, of the Trinity-house of Deptford Strond, together with all Proceedings relating thereto.

And Mr. Comptroller presented the said Papers to the Papers re-House, together with a List of them. *P*.,ng

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A Bill for Sale of the Estate of Sir William Morice, Morice'* Baronet, in Padjlew, in the County of Cornwall, and for Estate. settling another Estate, of better Value, to the same Uses, in lieu thereof, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. -ft on, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Middleton, Lord Gage,

Mr. Bacon, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Orlebar, Mr. Moore,

Sir Wm. Clayton, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Cunningham, Mr.

Campbell, Sir Wm.Wentworth, Mr. Lyster, Colonel

Berkeley, Sir Wm. Yonge, Mr. Lewis, Mr.

Mr. Charles Turner, Mr. Henry Bromley, Mr. Scrope,

Colonel Onslow, Mr. Wyndham, Mr. Polhill, Mr. Hales,

Mr. Hughes, Lord Glenorchy, Mr. Doddington, Mr. Treby,

Mr. Vincent, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Croft's, Sir Thomas Aston, Mr. Alderman Perry, Sir John Mr. Compton, Mr. Digby, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Rolle, Mr. Clutterbuck, Mr. Byng, Mr. Leheup, Mr. Palmer, Mr.

Alderman Parsons, Mr. Watkin Williams Wynne, Mr. Myddelton, Mr. Cholmondeley, Sir Pole-, and all the Members, that serve for the Counties of Cornwall, Devon, and Somerset: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Laroche presented to the House (according to Kensington Order) a Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, Road*-an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act " for repairing the Roads in the Parishes of Kensington,

" Chelsea, and Fulham, and other Parishes. in the County " of Middlesex and the same was received.

Sir Roger Meredith (according to Order) reported from Woolwich the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill Church, for rebuilding the Parish Church of Hfoolwich, in the County of Kent, as one of the Fifty New Churches, directed to be built by Two Acts of Parliament, one made in the Ninth, and the other in the Tenth, Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, was committed, the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, KenGngtoa an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his Road*, late Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act

for

844 1Martii. 1731.

" for repairing the Roads in the Parishes of " Chelsea, and Fulham, and other Parishes, in the County of Middlesexwas read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Rebuilding A Bill for the better and more easy rebuilding of the ForuoTo^ Town of Bland ford For»mi in the County of and

W0‘ for determining Differences touching Houses, and Buildings, burnt down, or demolished, by reason of the late dreadful Fire there, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. ton, Mr. Wyndham, Sir fVm. Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Scrope, Colonel Onslow, Mr. Campbell, of

Lord Mayor of London, Mr. Moore, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Orlebar, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Polhill, Mr. Rol/e, Mr. Clutterbuck, Mr. Burton, Mr. Byng, Sir Rowland Alfion, Sir Robert AufienMr. Carr, Mr. Par/ons, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Lister, Mr. CroJ/e, Sir Thomas Aston, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. Laroche, Lord Gage, Mr. Alderman Par/ons, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Sir John Williams, Mr. Campbell, Mr, Winnington, Sir

Gough, Mr. Hales, M r. Coppleston, Sir Wm. Morice, Mr. Lewis, Mr. More, Sir Wm. Clayton, Mr. Conduit, Mr. Gib/un; and all the Members, that lerve for the Counties of Dorset, Devon, Scmer/et, Wilts, and Southampton: And they are to meeet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Qmiifieation A Bill for amending, and making more effectual, an of Memberi. made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for securing " the Freedom of Parliaments, by the farther qualifying the Members to fit in the House of Commons," was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And the said Amehdments wdre, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House ;and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be,

An Act to encourage, and compel, George Esquire, and John Thomp/bn, to appear, and produce the Books, and discover the Effects, of the Charitable Corporation, for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, and to be examined thereupon, at the Times and Places therdn mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Sandys do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. John Bemet and Mr. Spicer:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have joaffed Bill intituled, An Act for Eirlrf vetting several Manors and Hereditaments, the Estate of Mounlague, Earl of Abingdon, in the Counties of Wilts, M Oxon, Bucks, and Berks, in Trustees, to be sold, for railing Money to discharge Debts and Incumbrances.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill to oblige the Justices of the Peace, Appeals* at their Quarter Sessions, to proceed to determine f,rtJJI;a Appeals to them, according to the Merits of the Cafe, 0,ros notwithstanding any Defeats of Form in the original Proceedings, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be,

An Act to oblige the Justices of the Peace, at their General or Quarter Sessions, to determine Appeals made to them, according to the Merits of the Cafe, notwithstanding Defects of Form in the original Proceedings, and to oblige Persons, suing forth Writs of to

remove Orders, made on such Appeals, into the Courts at Westminster, to give Security, to prosecute the same with Effect.

Ordered, That Mr. Sandys do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

-Recovery of Debts in Plantations.

I'uniftiing Mutiny and Desertion.

Compelling Mr. Kobinson's, &c. Appearance.

Mr. Scrope reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the more easy Recovery of Debts in his Majesty's Plantations and Colonies abroad, was committed; that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. John Bennet and Mr. Spicer:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill for the Appearance of George Robin/on, Esquire, at a certain Time, to be fixed in the Bill, and to encourage, and compel, John Thmp/on, Warehouse-keeper to the Charitable Corporation, for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, and his Accomplices, to surrender themselves, with the Books and Effects of the said Company, at a certain Time, to be fixed in the Bill, was read the Third time.

And the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill;

Press 3. L. 2. To leave out " or such of them, as shall <c so appear, and submit to be examined, as aforesaid Press 6. L. 17. After " Thom/ to insert " so making " Default, as aforesaid

L. 2 5. After " Thom" to insert " so making " Default, as aforesaid."

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the jecmH Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the more easy Recovery of Debts in his Majesty's Plantations and Colonies abroad, was committed.

And the Repdrt was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Sandys, from the Committee, to whom the Peti- Clariu* tion of the Proprietors of the Charitable Corporation, CofPon* for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, assembled in their general Court, is referred, acquainted the House, that the Committee found it necessary, in the Progress of their Enquiry, to apply to the House for further Powers, in order to secure some Books and Papers, to enable them to make a more perfect Discovery of the Frauds, complained of by the said Petition.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Proprietors of the Charitable Corporation, for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, assembled in their general Court, is referred, or any Three of them, be impowered to secure all Books and Papers, belonging to George Robin/on, Esquire, and John Thom/on, late Warehouse-keeper to the said Corporation, which relate to the Affairs of the said Corporation.

Sir Charles Turner (according to Order) reported from S'jPF1'®' the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for reviving the Duties on Salt, for the Term therein mentioned, was committed, the Amendments, which the

Committee

5 Geo. II.

130 — 14 0

845

Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question

pal Traders in the Woollen Manufacture, in the City of Exon, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of the want of hish Wool, and of the clandestine Exportation of Wool, and Woollen Goods, from to foreign Markets, no Provision having been made by the Parliament of Ireland, to prohibit such Exportation,

nrrovement of Tillage.

severally put thereupon, some of them were disagreed by a Registry of Wool, or otherwise, as was expected: with, and the rest were, with an Amendment to one of And therefore praying Redress, in l'uch Manner, and by them, agreed unto by the House. such Methods, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be That the said Petition do lie upon the Table,

ingrafted.

Mr. Compton reported from the Committee, to whom Mr. Henry Bromley presented to the House (according the Bill for exchanging, inclosing, and reducing into Se-to Order) a Bill for explaining, amending, and making veralty, several common Fields, common Meadows, and more effectual, an Act, made in the First Year of the waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Reign of King James the Second, intituled, " An addi- in the County of Warwick, was com-

" tional Act for the Improvement of Tillage;" and the mitted; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the

Little ' Kineton Inclosure.

fame was received.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to conGder further of the Supply granted to his Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the Report Majesty. was read; and the Amendments, being severally read a

Second time, were, upon the Quest.on severally put Regulation The Order being read, for the House to resolve itself thereupon, agreed unto by the House. f Pilots, &c« into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be the better Regulation and Government of Pilots, licensed ingrossed. by the Corporation of Trinity-house of Deptford Strond, in

the County of Kent, and to prevent Mischiefs and Annoy ances upon the River of Thames below London Bridge;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive aClause, to hinder Ships, and other Vessels, from being laid up, and moared, in the Mouth, and other Parts, of Saint Saviour's Dock, in the County of Surrey.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Winnington took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Winnington reported from the Committee, that they had heard Counsel upon the Petition, presented to the House, against several Clauses contained in the said Bill, and had also heard Counsel in Favour of the Bill, against the said Petition; and that the Counsel on both time> were> uP°n the Question severally put thereupon. Sides examined several Witnesses, and went through their agrcecl unto by the House.

Sir Robert Salufbury Cotton reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and amending the lload leading from the Town of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, through the Town of Ashton under Lyne, and the Parish of Mottram Langden-dale, and from thence to Salters Brook, in the County Palatine was committed; that the Committee

had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the Report was read; and several of the Amendments, being severally read a Second

MancheAer

Road.

Evidence; and that the Counsel for the Petitioners were heard, by way of Reply; and that the Committee had made some Progress in the Bill, and had directed him

to move, that they may have Leave to fit again. . _ _ w

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn- effectual, an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole of King^ James the Second, intituled, " An additional House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for explaining, amending, and making more Improvement — - - - - - of Tillage.

t<

Expiring

Laws.

Ordered, That the Committee, appointed to inspect, what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion to the House, which of them arc fit to be revived, or continued, be revived.

Act for the Improvement of Tillage,

First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

was read thfc

And

Mr. Alderman Perry reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Planters of, and Merchants trading to, the Island of whose Names

then the House adjourned till Tomorrow are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and

Growing Coffee ia Plantations.

Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Earl Abingdon' Estate.

Martis, 14* Martii;

Anno 5® Georgii II" Regis, 1731. Prayers.

of AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act on's. jl\. for vesting several Manors and Hereditaments, the Estate of Momtague Earl of , in the County of

Wilts, Oxon, Bucks, and Berks, in Trustees, to be sold, for raising Money to discharge Debts and Incumbrances, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

others, concerned in the said Island, was referred; that the Committee had examined the Matter of Fast, contained in the said Petition, and had directed him to report the State thereof: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; where tire same was read, and is as follows;

That the Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, bearing Date the Second Instant, proceeded to examine the Matter of the said Petition; and, to prove the Allegations thereof, Witnesses were called: Mr. James Laws-, who said, that the said Island of Jamaica is at present very thinly inhabited by white People; but, if Encouragement was given to the Produce of Coffee on the said Island, it will be ofgreat Service to the Inhabitants thereof, and be aMeans to bring in the poorer Sort of People there, which is very much wanted:

And, being examined as to the Produce of the Coffee

Woollen A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common- ,

Manufacture, council, together with the Merchants, and other princi- on the said Island, said, that, upon making the Experi-Vol. 21. 10 E ment

:4* Martii. 1731.

Dunstable

Roads.

ment of forte Coffee, that grew in the Garden there, he Found the same to be tolerably good, which encouraged him to try the planting of it in his Plantation: And produced to the Committee some Samples of Coffee, that tame from his Estate in Jamaica; and said, that he had shewed them to several Druggists in and they all

agreed, that they were very good:

Said, that he has been informed, that the Trees will not bear Coffee Berries under Four or Five Years Growth, and that a Tree will not last longer than Fout or Five Years: And said, that about Four hundred Trees may be planted on an Acre of Ground, and that each Tree will bear one Pound of Coffee in a Plantation, and in a Garden between Two and Three Pounds; and that he had Seven hundred Weight of Coffee from Six hundred Trees:

Said, that the Trees are very precarious, and subject to be destroyed by Vermin; and that, if the Produce of Coffee was encouraged in the said Iffand, it will employ several poor Persons, to watch and preserve the same from being destroyed: And said, that the Ground and Latitude of the said Hland is a very proper Soil for Coffee, and lies near the same Latitude as Mochoa:

And, being further examined, said, that the Coffee grows better upon the Mountains, than low Land, by realbri of its being well supplied with Rain, which is of great Service to the Growth thereof:

That, if the Produce of Coffee was encouraged in the said Iffand, the Plantations of Sugar will not be decreased, but will rather be increased, by reason, as the poor People get Money by the Produce of Coffee, they will be encouraged to ered Sugar-works: And said, that Coffee will grow upon some Part of the Mountains, which are too deep and laborious for Sugar; and that the same will not grow in many Places, as Sugar does, it being a more tender Plant, and requiring more Rain to preserve it.

And being asked, if the Dutch did not produce Coffee at Surinam, said, he had been informed, that they did,

and that 200,000 Weight had been imported from thence into Holland in a Year; but it is not so good, as Coffee from Mochoa.

Mr. Richard Harris said, that it had been the constant Practice of the Legislature, for the Encouragement of and Commodity of our own, to abate the Customs thereof in its Infancy; and enumerated several Instancesof the like Kind, as Sugar, Tobacco, and Ginger; which paid higher Duties upon Importation, when a foreign Growth, than from our own Plantations: And said, that, if Encouragement was given to the planting of Coffee, it would be a great Advantage to this Nation, and increase the poorer Inhabitants of that Iffand, and not only save the Nation a great Sum of Money, annually exported for the Purchase of the said Commodity, but would enable it to supply their Neighbours with the fame.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

A Bill for the effectual repairing the Highways between Dunstable and Hocklife, in the county of,

by enlarging the Term and Powers granted by Two former Acts, one of the Ninth, and the other of the Twelfth, Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Jeremy Sambroke, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Orlebar, Mr. Henry

Mr. Tower, Mr. Robert Hacks, Mr Sir

Mr. Tufnell, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Winnington, Sir Ro-

ger Bradshaigh, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Crisp, Sir IVm. Milner, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Huxley, Mr. Burton, Mr. C/utterbuck, Sir Francis Drake, Sir Edmund Bacon, Major Selwyn, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Campbell, of Mr. Gre-

gory, Mr. Wm. Hucks, Mr. Taylor, Mr. Fane, Mr. , Mr. Phillips, Mr. Leheup, Mr. Robert Byng, Mr. CroJJc, Mr. Crbvile, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Corbet, Mr. Andrews, Mr. Heath cote. Lord Grimflon, Mr. Jen if on, Mr. Holland, Mr. Papillon, Mr. Potenger, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Selwyn,

Mr. Treby, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Burrard, Mr. Thotnpson, Mr. Brooksbank; and all the Members, that serve for the Counties of Bedford, Bucks, and Northampton:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Whitworth presented to the House (according to Order) a Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the fomeifl* last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for im-<« porting from his Majesty's Plantations in America, diet redly into Ireland, Goods, not enumerated in any Act t* of Parliament;" and the same was received.

Mr. Sandys reported from the Committee, to whom the Chrtfc Petition of the Proprietors of the Charitable Corporation, Corpus* for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums upon Pledges, at legal Interest, assembled in their general Court, is referred, that he was directed by the Committee to acquaint the House, that James Thomson, who was by the Order of the House, of the 10th of this instant March, committed close Prisoner to his Majesty's Gaol of Newgate, for prevaricating in his Evidence before

the said Committee, had since been examined by the said Committee, and had behaved himself in a more candid Manner; and that he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that the said James Thomson he removed from the said Gaol of Newgate into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House.

Ordered, That the said James Thomson, committed by this House close Prisoner to his Majesty's Gaol of Newgate, bedischarged from his said Confinement there, and delivered over into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House; and that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants accordingly.

A Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the last Imjwtw Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act lorlmporta- f'*" " tion from his Majesty's Plantations in America, directly 1110^ " into Ireland, Goods, not enumerated in any Act of " Parliament," was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act [West for making Process in Courts of Equity effectual against «gwt Persons who abscond, and cannot be served therewith, or who refuse to appear, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. comww

The Name of Charles Pelham, Esquire, who made De- fault to appear, upon the Call of the House, and was or- Hoik, dered to attend the House upon this Day, was called; and he appeared.

A Bill for preserving, and encouraging, a new Invention Lorabt'i in England, by Sir Thomas Lombe and granting him a further Term of Years, for the foie making, and using, his Italian Engines, was (according to Order) read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, that his Majesty, having been informed of the same of Sir Thomas Lombe, with respect to his Engine for making Organzine Silk, had commanded him to acquaint this House, that his Majesty recommends to their Consideration the making such Provision foraRecom-pence to Sir Thomas Lombe, as they shall think proper.

Ordered, That the Petition of Sir Thomas Lombe, presented to this House the 28th of January last, be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty,

The

fr

c«

H

Hum

Vti

<T;

5 Geo. II. 14* — 15° Martii. 847

gall of the The Name of Sir James , Knight, who made

House. Default to appear, upon the Call of the House, and was ordered to attend the House upon this Day, was called; and he appeared.

Frauds by The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Bankrupts. Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for preventing Frauds, committed by Bankrupts.

Mr. S[leaker left the Chair.

Mr. Winnington took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Winnington reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

Bn Hard The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Ciildreo. reading of the Bill for the more effectual indemnifying and securing Parishes, and other Places, from such Charges, as may arise from Ballard Children, born within the same;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning, at Eleven of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 15* Martii;

Anno 50 Georgii IP* Regis, 1731.

Prayers.

Recovery of AN ingrafted Bill for the more easy Recovery of Debt* in iV. Debts in his Majesty's Plantations and Colonies Plantations, abroad, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass j and that the Title be, An Act for the more easy Recovery of Debts in his Majesty's Plantations and Colonies in America.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

jjat Mr. Alderman Barnard prtfented to the House (accord-

anuia&urc. ing Order) a Bill to prevent the Exportation of Hats our of any of the Colonies or Plantations in , and

to restrain the Number of Apprentices, taken by the Hat-makers in the said Plantations, and for the better encouraging the making of Hats in Great j and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

improvement A Bill for explaining, amending, and making more rf Tillage, effectual, An Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King James the Second, intituled, " An additional Act " for the Improvement of Tillage," was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

V'oulwich An ingrossed Bill for rebuilding the Parish Church of Church, Woolviich, in the County of as one of the Fifty

new Churches, directed to be built by Two Acts of Parliament, one made in the Ninth, and the other in the Tenth, Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals; and that the Title be, An Act for rebuilding the Parish Church of Woolwich, in the County of Kent, as one of the Fifty new Churches, directed to be built by Two Acts of Parliament, one ' made in the Ninth, and the other in the Tenth, Year

of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne.

Vol. 21.

Ordered, That Sir Roger Meredith do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, Owee appointed to prepare, and bring in, the Bill forregulat- Navigation, ing the Tonage Duty, imposed by an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act for improving the " Navigation of the River Owze, in the County of " and for preventing Soil, and other Obstructions to the Navigation, being thrown in the River," that they do make Provision in the said Bill, for the better cleansing the Streets of the City of York, which lead to the said River.

The House was moved, that the First and Sixteenth Woollen Sections of an Act, made in the Tenth and Eleventh Min'rf*rture*" Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, u An Act to prevent the Exportation of Wool out of the " Kingdoms of Ireland and England into foreign Parts,

" and for the Encouragement of the Woollen Manufactures in the Kingdom of England," and the Ninth Section of an Act, made in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled,

" An Act for continuing several Laws therein mentioned, and for explaining the Act, intituled, An Act " to prevent the Exportation of Wool out of the Kingdoms of Ireland and England into foreign Parts, and " for the Encouragement of the Woollen Manufactures " in the Kingdom of England," might be read.

And the said Clauses being read j Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to render more effectual an Act, passed in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of King the Third,

intituled, "An Act to prevent the Exportation of Wool " out of the Kingdoms of Ireland and England, into so-1 " reign Parts, and for the Encouragement of the Woollen " Manufactures in the Kingdom of England," so far as the said Act relates to the Exportation of Woollen Manulaftures out of Ireland into foreign Parts; and for the Repeal of a Clause in an Act, made in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act for continuing several Laws therein mentioned, and for explaining the Act, to prevent the " Exportation of Wool out of the Kingdom of Ireland " and England into foreign Parts, and for the Encouragement of the Woollen Manufactures in the Kingdom of " England," whereby Leave was given to every Mariner, or Passenger, on board any Ship, to furnish himself with the Woollen Manufactory of Ireland, to the Amount of Forty Shillings; and that Captain Vernon, Mr. Waif ole,

Mr. Knight, Sir Richard Lane, Mr. Danvers, and Mr*

Thompson, of York, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

An ingrossed Bill for the better securing and encou- Trade of raging the Trade of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in Arne- S*? Co* rica, was read the Third time. ooie*'

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the Bill do pals;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas,

Te,ersfor theNoes^;:"n«j37.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative: And that the Title be, An Act for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America.

Ordered, That Mr. Winnington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Copies of the several Petitions of the P«p several Mailers and Owners of Ships, presented to his late Majesty in Council, from the Year 1715 to the Year 1720, complaining of divers Abuses, committed by the Mailers,

Wardens, and Assistants, of the Trinity-house of Deptford Strond, together with all Proceedings relating thereto,

which

848

150 Martii.

A. 1731

A Witnfcfs to be brought up iuCustody.

which were presented to this Houseby his Majesty'sCom- Court is referred, be a Committee, to (late the Matters mand, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, be re- of Fast, on which the said Bill was grounded, in order to ferred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom be delivered to the Lords at a Conference, the Petition of several lMerchants, Mailers and Owners of And they are to withdraw immediately into the Ships, trading on the River Thames, whose Names are Speaker's Chamber.

thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and other And their Names were called over: And they with-Merchants, Mailers and Owners 01 Ships on the said drew accordingly.

River, is referred.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms, attending this reading of the Bill for the more effectual indemnifying House, do from time to time bring James Thomson, now and securing Parishes, and other Places, from such i Prisoner in his Custody, to the Committee, to whom Charges, as may arise from Bastard Children, born within the Petition of the Proprietors of the Charitable Corporation, for Relief of industrious Poor, by a (Tilling them wi.th small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, affecnbled in their general Court, is referred, in order to his being examined, as often as the said Committee shall think fit to require the fame.

the lame;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

compelling Mr. Robin-foil's, &c. Appearance

The Order of the Day being read, for this House Qu;];fa to resolve it ft If into a Committee of the whole House, to of jw'. consider further of the Bill for the further Qualification S1"1* of Justices of the Peace;

ReJ'ohed, That this House will, Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Sir Charles Turner (according to Order) reported from Sappir jj. the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill bodTu. for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One

Conference A Message from the Lords, by Mr. John Bennet, and

deli red by the Mr. Light boun:

L°rd«: Mr. Speaker,

The Lords do desire a present Conference with this House, in the Painted Chamber, upon the Subject-matter of the Bill, intituled, An Act to encourage, and compel

George Robinson, Esquire, and John Thomson, to appear,

and produce the Books, and discover the Effects, of the Charitable Corporation, for Relief of industrious Poor,

by assisting them with final 1 Sums, upon Pledges, at legal thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-two, was committed, Intered, and to be examined thereupon, at the Times the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the and Places therein mentioned. Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the

And then the Messengers withdrew. House: And he read the Report in his Place, and after-

Resolved, That this House doth agree to meet the wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Lords at a present Conference, as their Lord Chips do Clerk's Table; where the Report was read; and several desire. of the Amendments, being read a Second time, were,

And the Messengers were called in again, and Mr. upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto Speaker acquainted them, that the House had considered by the House.

their Message, and that this House doth agree to meet Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said the Lords at a present Conference, as their Lordships do Report be adjourned till half an Hour after Four of the desire. Clock this Afternoon.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to manage she said Conference: Mr. reported from the Committee, appointed to

And it is referred to Mr. Winnington, Mr. Alderman state the Matters of Fast, on which the Bill, intituled, An Perry, Sir Robert Furnefe, Sir John Hind Cotton, Sir Act to encourage, and compel, Esquire,

Charles Turner, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Palmer, Mr. and John Thomson, to appear, and produce, the Books,

Sandys, Lord Gage, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Lord Lim and discover the Effects, of the Charitable Corporation, rick, Mr. Harley, Mr. Oglethorpe, Mr. Alderman Bar- for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with hard, Sir Thomas Robinson, Mr. Burton, Mr. Berkeley, small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, and to be Mr. Scazven, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Earl, Mr. Parfuns.examined thereupon, at the Times and Places therein

And the Names of the Managers were called over; and mentioned, was grounded, in order to be delivered to the

Lords at a Conference, the State of the said Matters of Fast; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and they went to the Conference:

And being returned;

Mr. Winnington reported, that the Managers had met the Lords at the Conference, which was managed, on the agreed unto by the House, and is as follows; viz.

Part of the Lords, by the Lord President; who acquaint- Your Lordships having at aConferer.ee desired the ed them, that the Lords, having entered upon the Con- Assistance of the Commons, in laying more fully before ^deration of the Bill, intituled, an Act to encourage, your Lordships the State of the Matters of Fast, upon and compel, George Robinson, Esquire, and John Thom-which the Bill, intituled, An Act to encourage, and comson, to appear, and produce the Books, and discover the pel, George Robinson, Esquire, and John toap-

Effects, of the Charitable Corporation, for Relief of in- pear, and produce the Books, and discover the Effect;, dustrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums, upon of the Charitable Corpdration, for Relief of industrious Pledges, at legal Interest, and to be examined thereupon, Poor, by assisting them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at the Times and Places therein mentioned, which they at legal Interest, and to be examined thereupon, at the received from the Commons, and having read the said Times and Places therein mentioned, was grounded, the Bill the First time, do observe, that the Matters of Fast, Commons acquaint your Lordships, suggested in the said Bill, as the Ground and Foundation* That the Fasts, upon which the said fill were upon which it seems to have proceeded in the House of grounded, were, a Commission of Bankruptcy awarded Commons, not appearing sufficiently before the Lords, against George Robinson, Esquire, upon the Application of their Lordships have desired this Conference, that they the Charitable Corporation,'bearing Date the 18th Day may have the Assistance of the Commons, in laying the of October 173 r, directed to Edward Green, Esquire, and State of the said Matters of Fast more fully before their others, Commissioners, and their Proceedings thereupon; Lordships. and likewise a Commission of Bankruptcy awarded against

And the Report was read. John upon the Application of the said Corpo-

Ordered, That the Committee* to whom the Petition ration, of the same Date, directed to and

of the Proprietors of the Charitable Corporation, for Re- others, Commissioners, and their Proceedings thereupon, lief of industrious Poor, by affi (ling them with small Sums, and also upon the Evidence of Mr. John Gratwick upon Pledges, at legal Interest, assembled in their general Secretary to the said Commissions, and John Mel-

fenger

C»i

fit

u

Uu

It

5 Geo. II. 150 — 16‘ Martii.

fenger to the fame, and Mr. Venables, Accomptant to the said Charitable Corporation; which, in the Opinion of the Commons, did make out the Allegations in the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said State of the Matters of Fast be delivered to the Lords at a Conference.

Conference Resolved, That a Conference be desired with the Lords upon the Subject-matter of the last Conference.

Ordered, That Mr. Compton do go to the Lords, and desire the said Conference.

Mr. Compton reported to the House, that he having (according to Order) been widi the Lords, to desire a Conference upon the Subject-matter of the last Conference, the Lords do agree to a Conference, and appoint the same presently, in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Committee, who managed the last . Conference, do manage this Conference.

Then their Names were called over; and they went to the Conference:

And being returned;

Mr. Sandys reported, that the Managers had been at the Conference, and had delivered to the Lords the State of the Matters of Fast, on which the Bill, intituled, An Act to encouraSge and compel, George Esquire,

and John Thomson, to appear, and produce the Books, and discover the Effects, of the Charitable Corporation, for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, and to be examined thereupon, at the Times and Places therein mentioned, was grounded.

upply Bill; The House proceeded (according to Order) to take

Land Tax. jnt0 further Confederation the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the year 1732, was committed.

And the rest of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the Bill, were severally read a Second time, and, with Amendments of one of them, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for rectifying Misnomers, and Omissions, of Commissioners in the Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled,

" An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land - " Taxi to be raised in Britain, for the Service of the Year 1731/' by impowering certain Persons, in the Clause named, whole Names were mif-spelt, or otherwise mistaken, or were intended to be inserted, and by Inadvertency were omitted, in the said Act, together with the Commissioners, rightly named in the said Act, to be Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution.

And the said Clause was twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Vfanchtfler The Order of the Day being read, for the further Road. Consideration of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and amending the Road leading from the Town of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, through the Town of Ashton under Line, and the Parish of Mot tram and from

thence to Salters Brook, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was committed;

Ordered, That the further Confederation of the said Report be further adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vol. 21.

Jovis, 160 die Martii;

Anno 5* Georgii IIai Regis, 1731.

Prayers.

THE House being informed, that Mr. R»c*

Secretary to the Commissioners of the Customs, ""ported, attended at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, An Account of what Quantities of Rice have been imported into the Port of London, between the 29th of September 1730, and the 29th oi September 1731.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The laid Account is as follows j

An ACCOUNT of what Quantities of Rice have been imported into the Port of London, between the 29th of September 1730, and the 29th of September 1731; viz.

C. Qrs. lb.

From 29th September 1730, to the 29th>

September 1731 - - - j7W7- o. 3.

Exd John Oxenford, Afs*. I. Gen'.

Custom-house, London,

15th March, 1731.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House being informed, that Mr. Oxenford attended Corn at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented imported, to the House, pursuant to their Order, An Account of the several Sorts and Quantities of foreign Corn, which have been imported into England and Wales, from Christmas 1727, to Christmas 1731, as also from what Places, into what Ports, and in what Quantities, they have been respectively imported, and to what Places re-11)ipped from thence, distinguishing each Year, together with an Ac1 count of the Duty, that has been paid thereupon.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A Bill to naturalize Joseph and David <3ujnantj»,

Dumouchel, was read a Second time. ttc. Nat.'

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. son of York, Mr. Vincent, Mr. HMr. , Mr. Earle, Mr. Speake, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Douglas, Mr.

Wyndham, Mr. Conduit, the Lord Mayor of London,

Sir Thomas Lee, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Andrews, Mr.

Winning ton, Mr. Tower, Mr. Drumond, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir Geo. Downing, Sir Robert Furnefe, Mr. Martin, Mr. Geers, Mr. Dominique, Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr.

Finer, Mr. Lacon Child, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Hope, Mr.

Clayton, Mr. Whitworth, Sir Roger Meredith, Sir James Campbell, Sir Wm. Wyndham, Mr. Leheup, Mr. Moor,

Sir Robert Aufien, Sir Robert Abdey, Mr. Lloyd, Mr.

Alderman Perry, Mr. Baron Birch, Mr. Burton, Mr.

Harley, Sir Tho. Robinson, Mr. Brookfbanke, Mr. Bacon,

Mr. Crowle, Sir John Hind Cotton, Mr. Cafar, Sir Geo.

Mackenzie, Mr. Lewis: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir Richard Grosvenor presented to the House (ac- pee cording to Order) a Bill to restore, and preserve, the Navigation. Navigation upon the River Dee, in the County Palatine of Chefer; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be rAd a Second time.

Mr. Holland presented to the House (according to Preservation Order) a Bill to explain, amend, and render more of Turnpike* effectual, an Act, passed in the First Year of his pre- *c* sent Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for punishing

10 F " such

85© i6°- — 170 Martii. A. 1731.

Scarborough

Harbour.

Little

Kineton

Inclosure.

Drake's

Efface.

Poole's

Effaces.

Lambe's

Estate,

" such Persons, as Avail wilfully and maliciously pull " down or destroy Turnpikes, for repairing Highways; " or Locks, or other Works, erected by Authority of Parliament, for making Rivers navigableand the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill to enlarge the Pier and Harbour of in the County of York, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill for exchanging, inclosing, and reducing into Severalty, several common Fields, common Meadows, and waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Little Kineton, "in the County of Warwick,

was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act forexchanging, inclosing, and reducing into Severalty, several common Fields, common Meadows, and waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Little Kineton, in the County of Warwick.

Ordered, That Mr. Compton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. John Rennet and Mr. Ligkthoun:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for advancing and applying Four thousand Pounds, Part of the Portion of Dame Anne Drake, Wife of Sir Francis Henry Drake, Baronet, and for leafing out certain Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Devon, for Lives, according to the Custom of the Country; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Manors of Kemble and Poole, in the County of Wilts, late the Estate of Henry Poole, Esquire, deceased, for the Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Estate of John Lambe, Esquire, in Trustees, for railing Money, to discharge several Mortgages, and other Debts and Incumbrances, therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the MctTengers withdrew.

be a Qualification of Members to fit and vote in the House of Commons.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Rolle took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Rolle reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to M*s*c consider further of the Bili for the better Regulation and Government of Pilots, licensed by the Corporation of Trinity-house of Deptford Strond, in the County of Kent, and to prevent Mischiefs and Annoyances upon the River of Thames below London Bridge;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill for the more effectual indemnifying Chtet and securing Parishes, and other Places, from such Charges as may arile from Ballard Children, born within the same;

And a Motion was made, and the Question put, That the said Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock:

But it appearing, that there were not Forty Members present, the House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Venerisy i j° Martii j

Anno 5* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1731.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act tanW for veiling Part of the Estate of John Lambt, Esquire, in Trustees, for railing Money, to discharge several Mortgages, and other Debts and Incumbrances therein mentioned, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

iMi

Qualification The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Pnk'i of Peace* Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the for advancing and applying Four thousand Pounds, Part H* Bill for the further Qualification of Justices of the Peace, of the Portion of Dame Anne Drake, Wife of Sir Frantit Mr. Speaker left the Chair. Henry , Baronet, and for leafing out certain Lands

Mr. Sandys took the Chair of the Committee. and Hereditaments in the County of for Lives,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. according to the Custom of the Country, was read the

Mr. Sandys reported from the Committee, that they First time, had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend- Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time, ments thereunto, which they had directed him to report,

when the House will please to receive the lame. An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow for Sale of the Manors of and in the County t Morning. of Wilts, late the Estate of Henry Poole, Esquire, de-

ceased, for the Purposes therein mentioned, was read ?'‘vjfic,|ion The Order of the Day being read, for the House to the First Time.

ot M* wt, j.ef0[ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time, the Bill for amending, and making more effectual, an Act,

made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty The House proceeded to take into further Con- Huckl> Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for securing the Free- sideration the Report from the Committee, to whom R<oJ " dom of Parliaments, by the farther qualifying the the Bill for repairing and amending the Road leading " Members to fit in the House of Commons from the Town oiManchester, in the County Palatine of

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- , through the Town of Ashton under. Lyne, and

mittee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, to the Parish of Mottram Lahgdendale, and from thence make Leases of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to Salters Brook, in the County Palatine of Lancafitr, for certain Terms of Years, to be fixed in the Clause, to was committed.

And

C(,

Fn

Is

5 Geo. II.

i "f Martiiy

8s1

And the rest of the Amendments, made by the Com- several of the Amendments being federally read a Second mittee to the Bill, were severally read a Second time, time, were, upon the Question Severally put thereupon, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed agreed unto by the House.

unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, forim-powering the Trustees to compound by the Year, or otherwise, with Persons usually travelling through the Turnpikes, to be erected by virtue of the Act

upon, agreed unto by the House, to be made part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrotfed.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till half an Hour after Two of the Clock this Afternoon.

A Petition of George Stephens, Vicdt of in

And the Clause was twice read, with a Blank; which the County of Berts, waspresented to the House, and was filled up. read} alleging, that he is entitled to the Tenth of the

And then the same was, upon the Question put there- Tythe of Corn, Grain, and Hay, and also to the Tenth

of the Tythe of Wool, and Lamb, arising in the Tything or Hamlet of within the Parish of

and that by a Bill, now depending before this House, for inclosing and dividing the common Fields, and common Grounds, in the Manor, Tything, or Hamlet, of jortauon A Petition of the Jfustices of the Peace, Freeholders, field aforesaid, Fourteen Yard Lands are allotted to the Stain. and x>ther Gentlemen, of the Shire of Berwick, was pre- Impropriator of the fiiid Tythe, in lieu thereof, subject to fented to the House, and read; complaining of the Im- a Refit-charge of Fourteen Pounds per Annum, payable l - portation of foreign Grain, to the great Detriment of the to the Petitioner, and his Successors: That the said Refit-

Petitioners: And therefore praying, in behalf of them- charge is: not an equivalent for the Tenth of the said

;* (elves, and of the County of Berwick, that the House Tythe; and that the Owner of the Tythe of Wool, and

- will grant such Relief in the Premises, to put a Stop to Lamb, in the said Tything, not having any Land allotted

- the said pernicious Practice, as to the House shall seem to him by the said Bill, his Interest, and, consequently,

meet. that of the Vicars of will be prejudiced

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, by the intended Inclosure } and that other vicarial Rights-

will be extinguished, or rendered precarious, if the.laid, nfington A Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectUal, Bill shall pass into a Law: And therefore praying the

Roads. an Act, passed in the TwelfthJYear of the Reign of his House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to

~ give such Relief to the Petitioner, as to the House shall

l'eem meet.

A Petition of several of the Land-owners in the Tything or Hamlet of Watchfield, in the County of Berks,

Watchfield

Inclosure,

late Majesty King George the Fiift, intituled, "An Act " for repairing the Roads in the Parishes of Kensington, Chelsea, and Fulham, and other Parishes, in the County of Middlesexwas read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Laroche, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to

Mr. Earle, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Treby, Mr. Orlebar, Mr. More, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Philips, Sir Charles Nicoll, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Clutter buck, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Holland, Sir Thomas Afion, Mr. son, of York, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Sea wen, Mr. Vinctnt, Mr. Papillon, Mr. Tower, Sir Richard Lane, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Mr. Morton, Sir Harry Gough, Mr. Clarke,

the House, and read; complaining, that by the Bill, now. depending before this House, for inclosing and dividing the common Fields, and common Grounds, in the Manor, Tything, or Hamlet, of in the County of Berks, too great a Quantity of Land is allotted to the

Impropriator of the Tythe of Corn, Grain, and Hay, in lieu of his Tythe; and that the Land, foallotted, is by

Bedard

Children*

Mr. Rownty, Mr. Turner, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Vane, the said Bill exempt from the Payment of parochial Taxes: Sir Jeremy Sam broke. Sir Geo. Saville, Mr. Bacon, Sir And alleging, that the intended Inclosort will tend to the Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Ross, Sir Tl'to.Robinson, Mr. utter Ruin of the Petitioners, and their Families, they not Cross, Mr. Edwards, Mr. Conduit, Lord Gage, Mr. being able to defray the Expence of inclosing the PfopOr-Lockyer, Mr. Oglethorpe, Mr. Wyndham, Sir Wm. Low- tion of Land a Aligned to them, and being debarred by the ther, Mr. Knight, Mr. Hucks; and all the Members that said Bill from depasturing their Cat tie on the Land assignad serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Wilts, Somer- to others: And therefore praying the House to take the Jet, Devon, Cornwall, Berks, Bucks, and Dorset, and all Premises into Consideration, and to give such Relief to

the Western Counties of England: And they are to meet the Petitioners, as to the House shall seem meet, this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Chamber. Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for inclosing and dividing the common Fields, and common A Bill for the more effectual indemnifying and secur- Grounds, in the Manor, Tything, or Hamlet, of Watch*.

field, in the County of Berks, is committed; and that the Petitioners, if they think fit, be heard by themselves, or Coufifel, before the said Committee, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard at (he

ing Parishes, and Other Places, from such Charges as may arise from Bastard Children born within the same, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hucks,

Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Orlebar, Mr. Oglethorpe, Sir John Hind Cotton, Sir Jeremy Sambroke, Mr. Winnington, Mr. same time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said

Wyndham, Mr. Earl, Sir Gilbert Heathcote, Mr. Tower, Petitions.

Mr. Thomas Tower, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. More, Mr.

Whitworth, Mr. Philips, Mr. Longuevtlle, Lord Mayor Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms' attending this

of London, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Mr. Alderman Per- House, do go with the Mace into Westminster-hall, and ry, Mr. Alderman Parsons, Major Selwyn; and all the into the Court of Requests, and Places adjacent, and Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And all that come are to summon the Members there, to attend the Service of

!K-

Member!

summoned.

Frauds by Bankrupts,

have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Winnington (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for preventing Frauds committed by Bankrupts, was committed, the Amendments, which the Committee had

the House.

And he went accordingly:

And being returned;

Ordered, That the Doors of the House be locked, ^nd Doors to be they Keys delivered in at the Table. locked.

Mr. from the Committee, to whom the Petition charitable

of the Proprietors of the Charitable Corporation, for Re- Corporation; made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to re- lief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums port to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, assembled in their general ^r,ng em* ‘ and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, Court, is referred, acquainted the House, that he was in at the Clerk's Table; where the Report was read; and directed by the Committee to make a Report to the

Vol. 21. House:

852

170 Mar Hi. A. 1731.

House: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards de- for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with fmaD livered in at the Clerk's Table; where the Report was Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, assembled in their read, and is as follows; viz. general Court, is referred, that he was directed by the

Your Committee, in the Course of their Examinations, Committee to acquaint the House, that Thomas do find, by Books lately come into their Possession, and who was, by the Order of the House, of the 23d of last upon the Examination of several Persons in the most Month, committed close Prisoner to his Majesty'sGaol solemn Manner, that great Sums of Money, belonging to of Newgate, for prevaricating in his Evidence before the the said Corporation, have been drawn out by John Thom- laid Committee, had since been examined by the said /on, late Warehouse-keeper to the said Corporation, and Committee, and had behaved himself in a more candid applied to carry on a Partnership between Sir Archibald Manner; and that he was directed by the Committee to Grant, Baronet, a Member of this House, and William move the House,-that the said Thomas Least be removed Burroughs, Efauire, Two of the Committee, and Mr. from the said Gaol of into the Custody of the

William Squire, an Assistant, intrusted with the Manage- Serjeant at Arms attending this House. ment of the Affairs of the said Corporation, George Ro- Ordered, That the said Thomas Lease, committed by bin/on, Esquire, Agent and Banker to the said Corpora- this House dole Prisoner to his Majesty's Gaol of Rev-tion, and the said John Thom/oft-, and Four of the said gate, be discharged from his said Confinement there, and Persons having absconded, or withdrawn themselves, your delivered over into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms Committee think it their Duty to; lay this Affair now attending this House; and that Mr. Speaker do issue his before the House, to take their Direction thereupon. Warrants accordingly.

The said Report relating to Sir Archibald , Baronet, a Member of this House; he was heard in his Place: And being withdrawn;

A Member . Ordered, That Sir Archibald Grant, Baronet, a Mem-committed. tjjs pjoufe) an(j one of Committee intrusted

with the Managentent of the Affairs of the Charitable Corporation for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting the miwith small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, be: taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, in order to his forth-toming to abide the Orders of this House.: ordered to Orderei, That Sir Robert Sutton, Knight of the Bath, attend and"be Sir Archibald Grant, Baronet, Denis Bond, Esquire, and examined. William Aiflabie, Esquire, Members of this House, and who, among others, are intrusted with the Management of the Affairs of the Charitable Corporation for the Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, do attend the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Proprietors of the Charitable Corporation for the Relief or industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, assembled in their general Court, is referred; and that the said Committee be impowered to examine the said Sir Robert Sutton, Sir Archibald Grant, Denis Bond, And William Aijlabie, in the most solemn Manner.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Armsattending this House do; from tit+ie to time, bring Sir Archibald Baronet, a Member of this House, now in his Custody, ro attend the said Committee, in order to his being examined, as often as the said Committee shall think fit to require the fame.' ' ‘

witnesses The . Serjeant at Arms attending the Hertife, being, abscond. called upon, togivean Account, what had been done in relation to the taking. William Burroughs, Esquire, and Mr. William Squire, who were ordered into his Custody on the 22d Day of last Month; the Messenger, who was. sent in Search of them, acquainted the House, that they, had withdrawn themselves, and were not yet taken.

Address for Resolved, That an humble Address be presented-to his apprehending Majesty, that he will be graciously' pleased immediately Witnesses. to jjpue j,js r0yaj Proclamation, with such Reward as his Majesty shall think proper, for discovering, apprehending,

' and detaining, William Burroughs, Esquire, one of the Committee intrusted with the Management of the Affairs of the Charitable Corporation for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, and Wm. Squire, one of the Assistants to the said Committee, in order that they may be brought to Justice.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That the Keys of the House be delivered back, and the Doors unlocked.

be 'removed0 "Mr.Sandys reported from the Committee, to whom the from New- Petition of the Proprietors of the Charitable Corporation

gate.

The House proceeded (according to Order) to take Fnuifc into further Confederation the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for preventing. Frauds committed by Bankrupts, was committed.

And several other of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the Bill, were severally read a Second time, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

A Bill to explain and amend an Act, tnade in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for importing from -his Majesty's Plantations in America, directly Bt#

" into Ireland, Goods, not enumerated in any Act of " Parliament," was read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Note, There was not any Blank in the Bill, no Amendment was proposed to be made, nor any Objection made against it.

Ordered, That the Bill for reviving the Duties on Salt, for the Term therein mentioned, be read the Third Daw time upon Tuesday Morning next, if the same shall then Wl,k be ingrossed.

A Motion was made, and the Question proposed, That all the Members of this House, who are in and about the Town, be ordered to attend the Service of the House upon Tuesday Morning;

And the previous Question being put. That the Question be now put;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Teilers for the Yeas, { . 4J.

' Tellm for ,lrc No«'{Mr. Orkil'r: } 7°'

So it passed in the Negative.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Establishment of the Royal African Company of England, for their several Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa, with the Charges thereof, for the Year 1731, distinguishing how much of the same is on the Account of Trade, and how much for the Maintenance and Defence of the said Forts and Settlements, and also an Account, how the Money, granted in the last Session of Parliament, towards the Maintenance of the said Forts and Settlements, hath been disposed of, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charges of the Royal African Company of England, for the Maintenance of the several British Forts and Settlements, belonging to the said Company on the Coast of Africa, for the Year 1732, be referred to the said Committee.

Then

Growing Coffee in Plantations,

Qualification of Justicea of Peace.

Committees*

\Witness to >e brought ip in Custody.

Watchfield

Inclosure.

5 Geo. II. 170 — 20 0 M853

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Sir Charles Turner also acquainted the House, that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit agairi.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Planters of, and Merchants trading to, the Hland of Jamaica, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and others, concerned in the said Island, was referred.

Mr. Sandys reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the further Qualification of Justices of the Peace, was referred, the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment of one of them) agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, do from time to time bring Thomas Lease, when he shall be delivered over into his Custody, according to the Order of the House, of this Day, to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Proprietors of the Charitable Corporation, for relief of industrious Poor, Jay assisting them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, assembled in their general Court, is referred, in order to his being examined, as often as the said Committee shall think fit to require the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Luna;, 20* die Anno 5* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1731. Prayers.

A PETITION of John, Lord ViscountBarrington* in the Kingdom of Ireland, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner is Owner of the Tytheof Wool and Lamb in the Tything or Hamlet o f Watchfield, within the Parish of Shrivenham, in the County of Berks, of which Tythe the Vicar of Shrivenham hath the 10th: That the Petitioner was induced tosign the Petition, presented to this House, for an Inclosure of the said Tything, by a Promise, which hath not been performed, of an Agreement to be made with him, for preferring his Interest; and that, though the Impropriator of the Tythe of Corn, Grain, and Hay, in the said Tything, is secured from any Damage, in respect of his Tythe, by a Clause in the Bill, now depending before this House, for inclosing and dividing the com-Vol. 91.

mon Fields, and common Grounds, in the Manor, Tything, or Hamlet, of Wa aforesaid, no such Provision is made in the said Bill, to indemnify the Petitioner, or the Vicar of Shrivenham, and his Successors: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and give him such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee, to whom the Bill for inclosing and dividing the common Fields, and common Grounds, in the Manor, Tything, or Hamlet, of field, in the County of Berks, is committed; and that the

Petitioner, if he thinks fit, be heard by himself or Coun fel, before the said Committee, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act ?.trI of, for veiling several Manors and Hereditaments, the Estate A of Mount ague Earl of Abingdon, in the County of Wilts,

Oxon, Bucks, and Berks, in Trustees, to be sold, for railing Money to discharge Debts and Incumbrances, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. JVatkin Williams Wynne, Mr. Annesley, Mr. Romney, Mr. Banks,

Mr. Digby, Mr. Gape, Mr. Bowes, Mr. C*far, Mr.

Bacon, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Shippen, Mr. Samuel Edwards,

Sir Wm. Carew, Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Compton, Mr. cazveu. Sir Wm. Courtenay, Sir Edward Mr.

Bromley, Mr. Bramston, Sir John tiinde Cotton, Mr. Dan-vers, Mr. Brudenel, Mr. Rolle, Sir Roger,

Lord Bulkeley, Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr. , Sir James Thornhill, Sir Richard Lane, Mr. Mr.

Lord Mayor of London, Lord PercivSir Wm. Mr. Lewis, Mr. Evans, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Tison, Mr.

Scrope, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Packer, Mr. Keif all,

Mr. Baron Birch, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Mr.

Myddelton, Mr. Allington, Mr. Dre, Sir Richard Grof-

venor, Mr. Duckett, Mr. Vernon, Sir Robert Bruce, Mr.

Walpole, Mr. Andrews, Mr. Harley, Sir Robert Cotton,

Mr. Palmer, Mr. Attorney-general, Mr. Gower, Mr.

Henry Bromley, and all the Members, that serve for the Counties of Oxon, Berks, Bucks, and Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill to explain, amend, and render more equal, the Laws, relating to the Methods, by which Persons are charged towards repairing the Highways, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bramston, Mr. Norris, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Gybbott, Mr. Scrope, Sir Wm. Tonge, Sir George Oxenden, Sir Milner, Mr. More, Mr. Clutterbuck, Mr. , Mr. Sir

Edmund Bacon, Mr. Plumptre, Sir James Campbell, Sir Jufiinian Isham, Sir Wm. Clayton, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Sir Charles Nicoll, Mr. Harrison, Mr. Holland, Sir Thomas Lee, Sir Wm. Hardress, Mr. Tremain, Mr. Keif all. Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Mr. Byng, Sir Philip Parker, Mr. Rolle, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Harley, Mr. Heath-cote, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Walcott, Mr. Ingram, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Compton, Sir Roger Meredith, Mr. Watkin Williams Wynne: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Laws relating to Highways*

A Bill to restore, and preserve, the Navigation upon P" the River Dee, in the County Palatine of Chester, was "#vi8at, on* read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Richard Grosvenor, Sir Robert Salisbury Cotton, Sir Wm. Tonge,

Sir Charles Turner, Sir Geo. Oxenden, Sir Nicholas Williams, Mr. Treby, Mr. Brookfbank, Mr. Holland, Mr. Scrope, Sir Wm. Clayton, Mr. Long, Mr. Kelfall,

Sir James Campbell, Mr. Whitworth, Major , Mr.

Gib [on, Mr. Lawson, Lord Percivall, Mr. Wyndham,

Mr . Shutt/eworth, Mr. Ingram, Mr. Mr. Bramston,

to G Mr.

20° Martii. . 1751,

Mr. D ever tux, Mr. AnneflMr.; Mr. Hughes, Mr. Owen, Mr. Andreivs, Sir Edmund Bacon, Sir Justinian Isham , Mr. AllingtemSir John Williams, Mr. Wat kin Williams Wynne, Sir Wm. Hardress, Sir Richard Lane, Colonel Handafyde, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Walcot, Mr. Bromley, Sir John Cope, Mr. Bynge, Mr.

Mr. Banks, Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Mr. Winnington,

Mr. Alderman Par/ons, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Leheup, Mr. Clutter buck, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Burton, Mr. Hugh Williams, Mr. Cartwright, Sir Rowland; and all the Members, that lerve for the Counties of Chester, caster, Stafford, and Salop, and for North Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Hops Ordered, That the proper Officers do lay before this exported to House, an Account of the Drawback of the Duty on Ireland. Hops, exported to Ireland, from Lady-day 1715, to Lady-day 1*110, distinguishing each Year.

Supply Bill; An ingrossed Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty Land Tax. by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1732, was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, Press 57. L. 28. After " charge" to insert "hisRoyal " Highness the Duke of Cumberland, or."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1732.

Ordered, That Sir Charles burner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. I born as Bennett and Mr. Spicer:

Mr. Speaker,

Compelling The Lords have agreed to the Bill intituled, An Act ftn'i &e.n* *° encourage, and compel, George Robinson, Esquire, Appearauce. and John Thomson, to appear, and produce the Books, and discover the Effects, of the Charitable Corporation, for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, and to be examined thereupon, at the Times and Places therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also,

Woolwich The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Church. for rebuilding the Parish Church of Woolwich, in the County of Kent, as one of the Fifty new Churches, directed to be built by Two Acts of Parliament, one made in the Ninth and the other in the Tenth, Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Qualification Mr. Rollt (according to Order) reported from the t Member*. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for amending, and making more effectual, an Act made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for securing the Freedom of Parliaments, by the farther qualifying the Members to fit in the House of Commons," was committed, the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Answer Lord Harvey reported to the House, that their < Addren. Address, of Friday lall, That his Majesty would be gra-

cicully pleased immediately to issue his royal Proclamation, with such Reward as his Majesty shall think proper, for discovering, apprehending, and detaining,

Burroughs, Esquire, one of the Committee, intruded with the Management of the Affairs of the Charitable Corporation, for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting the m

with (mail Sums, upon Pledges, at legal littered, and William Squire, one of the Aflidants to the said Committee, in order that they might be brought to Justice, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he would immediately issue his royal Proclamation accordingly.

Mr. Laroche reported from the Committee, to whom pAr* the Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, and other CWy. the Inhabitants, of the Parish of Paddington, in the County of Middlesex, whose Names are thereunto subscribed,

was referred; that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House:

And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

That the Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, have examined the Matter of the said Petition; and, to prove the Allegations thereof, called,

Mr. Abington, Clerk of the said Parish; who said, that the Church-yard was so full of Corps, that they could scarce dig a Grave there: And produced the Vestry Book, and allb an Order of the Vestry, of the 19th March 1731, which were read; whereby it appeared, that the Parish had agreed to allowa Compensation to the Bishop of London for a Piece of Ground, adjoining to the said Church-yard.

That it appeared to the Committee, that the Ground, now desired to be annexed to, and made Part of the Church-yard, was included, with other Lands, in a Lease granted by the present Bishop of London for Ninety-nine Years, determinable on Three Lives; and that the Lessee and the Under-tenant have consented, ' that a Bill may pass, according to the Prayer of the Petition.

And Mr. Thomas Powlett attended by Direction of the Bishop of London, and signified his Consent thereto, and that his Lordship desired, only Five Shillings Annum might be paid to him, and his Successors, for the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Church-yard of the Parish of Paddington, in the County of Middlesex; and that Mr. Larocht and Mr. More do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Bill to prevent the Exportation of Hats out of any h# of the Colonies or Plantations in America, and to restrain Muaute the Number of Apprentices, taken by the Hat-makers in the said Plantations, and for the better encouraging the making of Hats in Great Britain, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Barnard, Mr. Conduit, Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. Hugh Williams, Sir Charles Turner, Brigadier Churchill, Sir James Lowther, Mr. Wyndham, Mr. Earl, Colonel Ducket,

Colonel Onslow, Mr. Oglethorpe, Mr.-Leheup, Sir Elton, Mr. Tufnell, Mr. Berkeley, Mr , Sir Hen.

Gough, Mr. Bladen, Sir Archer Croft, Sir Yongt,

Sir Nicholas Williams, Mr. Holland, Mr. Scrope, Sir H'm.

Clayton, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Keif all. Sir James Campbell, Mr. Whitworth, Major Selwyn, Mr. Mr. Lawson, Lord Percival, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Ingram,

Mr. Kemp, Mr. Bramston, Mr. Devereux, Mr.

Mr. Packer, Mr. Hughes, Mr. Owen, Mr. Andrews,

Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Allington, Sir Hardress,

Sir Richard Lane, Colonel Handafyde, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Bromley, Sir John Cope, Mr. Bynge, Mr. Powlett, Mr. Banks, Mr. Torke, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Alderman Air-fans, Mr. Selwyn, Mr, Clutterbuck, Mr. Laroche, Mr.

Li]

Hi

5 Geo. II.

Burton, Sir Rowland AMr. Cartwright; and all the Merchants of the House; and all the Members, that serve for the Sea-ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, £t Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Importing An ingrossed Bill to explain and amend an Act, weigh Hops made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, " An into Ireland. ^ft for importing from his Majesty's Plantations in " America, directly in.o Ireland, Goods, not enumerated " in any Act of Parliament," was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act to explain an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for importing from his Majesty's Plantations in , directly into Ireland,

" Goods, not enumerated in any Act of Parliament," so far as the said Act relates to the Importation of foreign Hops into Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. W do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Supply. Sir Charles 'turner (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions, which they had directedhimto report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and arc as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum of Fourteen thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, to be applied and paid to Sir Thomas as a Reward and Recompence to him for the eminent Service he has done this Nation, in discovering, with the greatest Hazard and Difficulty, the Arts of making and working the Three capital Italian Engines, erected by him ar Derby, for making organzine Silk, and introducing and

bringing the same to full Perfection in this Kingdom, at his own great Expence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, towards the Maintenance of the British Forts and Settlements belonging to the Royal A/rican Company of England, on the Coastof Africa.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for preserving, and encouraging, a new Invention in England by Sir Thomas Lombe, and granting him a further Term of Years, for the Sole making, and using, his Italian Engines, is committed, that they have Power to receive aClause, or Clauses, pursuant to the first of the said Resolutions.

Witncto The House being informed, that William Burroughs, Esquire, had surrendered himself into the Custody of the nself to be ^tjeant at Arms attending this House; uuined. Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, do from time to time bring William,

Esquire, now a Prisoner in his Custody, to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Proprietors of the Charitable Corporation, for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, nflembled in their general Court, is referred, in order to his being examined, as often as the said Committee shall think fit to require the lame.

‘ yal Assent A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Charles Dalton,

3Gentleman-ulher of the Black Rod:

‘ Mr Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend his Majesty immediately in the House of Peers:

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty in the House of Peers:

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, that the House had attended his Majesty in the House of Peers; and that his Majesty had Vo i. 21.

855

been pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several publick Bills following; viz.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters:

An Act to encourage, and compel George Robinson,

Esquire, and John Thom/on, to appear, and produce the Books, and discover the Eflefts, of the Charitable Corporation, for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, and to be examined thereupon, at the Times and Places therein mentioned:

An Act for building the Parish Church of Woolwich, in the County of Kent, as one of the Fifty new Churches, directed to be built by Two Acts of Parliament, one,

made in the Ninth, and the other in the Tenth, Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- W»y« night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole and Mean*. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole Lombe'* House, upon the Bill for preserving, and encouraging, Engine for a new Invention in England by Sir Thomas Lombe, and m D® granting him a further Term of Years, for the foie 8anzine making, and using his Italian Engines.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Perry took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Perry reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House proceeded to take into further Considera* Frauds by tion the Report from the Committee of the whole House, Bankrupts, to whom the Bill for preventing Frauds, committed by Bankrupts, was committed.

And the rest of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the Bill, were severally read a Second time, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to one of them, agreed unto by the House; and several Amendments were made by the House to the BiH.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrosseyl.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- Growing ing next, resolve'itself into a Committee of the whole Coffee in House, to consider of the Report from the Committee, to Matto*. whom the Petition of several Planters of, and Merchants trading to, the Island of Jamaica, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and others, concerned in the said island, was referred.

'I -

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning Nine of the Clock.

Mortis, 2i° die Martii;

Anno 5* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1731.

Pravk rs.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Poole's for Sale of the Mandrs of Kemble and Poole, in the E&ate. County of Wilts, late the Estate of Henry Poole, Esquire, deceased, for the Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas Seabright, Mr. Shuttleworth, Sir Edmund Bacon, Sir

20° — zi° Martii.

Manchester

Road*

Papers to be returned.

Importation of Com.

Lombe's Engine for making Or-ganzine Silk,

Lambe's

Estate.

®210 Martii. x^x

frid Lawson, Mr. Edwards, Sir Wm. Carew, Lord Per-

civall, Mr. Williams, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Mr.

Harvey, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Bramston, Sir Geo. Oxenden, Mr. Horsier, Mr. Holland, Mr. Mr. Harley,

Charles Turner, Mr. Thomson, Mr. Lifter, Sir Ju xian Isham, Mr. Palmer, Sir James Lowther, Mr. Croje,

Sir Robert Austen, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Mr.

Treby, Sir John Hind Cotton, Mr. Shirley, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Wat kin William , Mr.;

and all the Members, that serve for the Counties of Wilts, GloueeJier, Oxon, and Berks: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for the repairing and amending the Road leading from the Town of in the County Palatine of Lancaster, through the Town of Ashton under Lyne, and the Parish of luingden-

dale, and from thence to Salters Brook, in the County Palatine of Chester, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act for repairing and amending the lload leading from the Town of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, through the Town of under and the Parish of Mottram Langdendale, and from thence to Salfers Brook, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Salvjbary Cotton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Clerk of this House do deliver back to the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, Acts, passed in New York, New England, and Virginia, transmitted to the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, for preventing the Sale of Rum to the Indians, and also a Journal of the House of Representatives of his Majesty's Province of Massachusetts Bay in New England, which were presented to this House, pursuant to their Orders.

A Petition of the Justices of Peace, Clergy, Gentlemen, and principal Freeholders, of the County of Pembroke, for and on behalf of themselves, and others, the Freeholders and Landholders of the said County, was presented to the House, and read; complaining, that by the late Importation of great Quantities of foreign Coro into particularPojts, upon fraudulent Certificates, and fending the same Coastwise, the Price of Coro in the said County is reduced, and the Landholders thereof, who formerly supplied the City of Br'flol, and other Places upon the River Severn, with Corn, cannot now vend the fame, so as to enable them to carry on their Tillage: And therefore praying, that the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and make such Provision for the Encouragement of Tillage, and the landed Interest of Great Britain, which has borne the greatest Burthen of the late long and necessary Wars, and for preventing the Importation of foreign Corn, under such Restrictions, as to the House Lhall seem raoft proper and expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Trustees, for railing Money to discharge several Mort gages, and other Debts and Incumbrances, therein mentioned, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Harley, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Wyndham, Mr. Town,

Mr. Oglethorpe, Lord Limerick, Mr. Mr.

Laroche, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Norris, Mr.

Mr. Palmer, Mr. Leheup, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Danvers, Mr. Bramston, Mr. Winford, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Mr.

Holland, Mr. Orlebar, Mr. Fane, Mr. Crispe, Mr. Tubs,

Mr. Brook/bank, Mr. Scrope, Mr. Whitworth, Major

Seltvyn, Mr. Gibson, Mr. Lawson, Lord Mr.

Shuttlezvorth, Mr. Ingram, Mr. Kemp, Mr. Deverewt,

Mr. Annesley, Mr. Packer, Mr. Hughes, Mr. Own,

Mr. Andrews, Mr. Al/ington, Sir Clayton, Sir Wml Hardress, Sir Richard Lane, Sir Rowland Mr. Cartwright; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Hereford, Gloucester, and Salop: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for advancing and applying Four thousand Pounds, Part tn*. of the Portion of Dame Anne Drake, Wife of Sir Francis Henry Drake, Baronet, and for leafing out certain Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Devon, for Lives, according to the Custom of the Country, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. ft on, Mr. Arfcott, Mr. Treby, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Harley,

Mr. Orlebar, Mr. Clutterbuck, Mr. Fane, Mr. vil/e, Mr. John Hamilton, Mr. Holland, Mr.

Kir. Philips, Sir Charles Nicoll, Major Selwyn, Sir James

Campbell, Mr. Hales, Mr. , Mr. Burton, Mr.

Winford, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Heathcote, Mr. Brook/bank, Mr. Wyndham, Nix. Sandys, Mr.

Mr. Gybbon, Nix.Ear I, Sir Ric Mr. Bramston, Mr. Huxley, Mr. Byng, Lord Vert Beasiclerk, Mr. Butler, Sir Thomas Seabright, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Rarrifon, Mr Norris, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Crosse, Mr. More, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Sheppard, Mr. Campbell, Sir Wm. Lowther, Mr. Laroche, Sir Geo. Saville, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Bromley, Sir John Cope, Sir Edmund Bacon, Sir Roger Bra Lord Pevcival, Sir Wilfrid Lawson, Sir Archer Croft, Mr. Middleton, Mr. Scawen, Sir Tho. Lee, Mr. Hanbury, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Ctefar, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Compton, Mr. Kemp, Nlx.Deverevx, Mr. Cunningham, Mr. Scrope, Colonel Onslow, Mr. Geo. Heathe, Mr. and all the Members that serve for the Counties Cornwall, and Somerset: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker'sChamber.

An ingrossed Bill for the further Qualification of QuSba Justices of the Peace, was read the Third time. of j*® Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Titlebe, An Act for the further Qualification of Justices of the Peace.

Ordered, That Mr. Bramston do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

bm

Vr

D*kk

u,fc

Mr. Alderman Perry (according to Order) reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for preserving and encouraging a new Invention in England, by Sir Thomas Lombe, and granting him a further Term of Years, for the Sole making, andufing, his Three Italian Engines, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken, into Consideration Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Estate of John Lambe, Esquire, in

Mr. Thompson, of York (according to Order) presented 0* to the House, a Bill for rendering more effectual an Act, Nuipa passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act for " improving the Navigation of the River Owze, in the " County of York/' and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

hill

Mr. Laroche (according to Order) presented to the House, a Hill for enlarging the Church-yard of the Parish CtocM tin, of Paddington, in the County of and the lame

was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill to explain, amend,

and render more eheftml,

an

4.

J.

a

1

4'

fr-

it

X

<1

1

K

tngew*y»'

nt>vement

Tillage.

ipljr Bill; ties on t»&c.

Met Writ.

lops im-orted into reUnd.

5 Geo. II. i t — 210 Mar tit. 8$ 7

an Act, passed in the First Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for punching such Persons, " as shall wilfully and maliciously pull down or destroy " Turnpikes, for repairing Highways; or Locks, or " other Works, erected by Authority of Parliament, " for making Rivers navigable," was read the Second time.

ltefolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. John Rennet and Mr. Spicer:

Air. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for nlaking Leases of the Estate, late of Thomas Esquire, and Elizabeth, late Duchels of Hamilton, his Sifter, both deceased, and for applying the Money, arising the reby, for the Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The other Orders of the Day being read.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for explaining, amending, and making more effectual, an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King James the Second, intituled, " An " additional Act for the Improvement of Tillage."

An ingrafted Bill for reviving the Duties on Salt, for the Term therein mentioned, was read the Third time.

And a Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Bill do pals;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas * Mr' Attorney General,>

1 ellers for ttie Y cas,

Tellers for the Noes *Sir W \

I cllers for the J\ ocs,^Mr>: ]

So it was resolved in the Affirmative 1 And that the *11110 be, An Act for reviving the Duties on Salt, for the Term therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Turner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

207.

In r*

o5'

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Commissioner, to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of P in the room of the honourable John Douglas, Esquire, deceased.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clocks

Mercurii, 2 2° Martii;

Anno 5* Georgii II4* Regis, 1731. Praters.

/\RDERED, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account of what Quantity of Hops have been annually exported from Great Britain to Ireland, from Lady-day 1720, to Lady-day 1731, with a Computation of what the Drawbacks would have annually amounted to, had the same been continued by Law'.

Air. Coplcston reported from the Committee, to whom TWorie.^ the Bill for Sale of the Estate of Sir Morice, Ba- Estate.

ronet, in Padfloxe, in the County of and for

settling another Estate, of better Value, to the same Uses, in lieu thereof, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Contents to the Bill to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee bad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be inj grafted.

Mr Thmpjbn, of York, reported from the Committee Guinand

to whom the Bill to naturalize Joseph and - &c. Nat.

rid Dumouchel, w-as committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had likewise examined the said Joseph Guinand, the Guardian of the said David Dumouchel, who proved to the Committee, that the said David Dumouchel was of the Age of Fourteen Years, and no more, and has been educated in the Proteliant Religion; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto, w'hich they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table; where the Amendment was twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be in-groflfed.

Sir Wilfrid Laztion reported from the Committee to Partori whom the Bill for enlarging the Term granted by an Harbourj Act, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for rebuilding the Pier and Harbour of Parton, in the County of was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him for report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the Amendments were once read throughout. Mid then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

o

Mr. Secretary at War, by his Majesty's Command, wjdowi of presented to the House, a Supplement to a List of the Half-pay Widows of such reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Officers. Forces and Marines, who died upon the Establishment of Ilalf-pay in Great Britain, and who were, married to them before the 25th of December 1716, and to an Estimate thereof for the Year 1732, which Lift and Estimate were presented to this House by his Majesty's Command.

And the said Supplement was read.

Ordered, That the said Supplement do lie upon the Table to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Supplement is bound up with the other Papers of this Section.

rtrangnrays* An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act . *le- for making Leaies of the Estate, late of Thomas -

trays, Esquire, and Elizabeth, Duohefs of Hamilton, his Sifter, both deceased, and for applying the Money, urifing the reby, for the Purposes therein mentioned, was - read the First time.

Resolved, That the B»U be read a Second time.

Vol. 21,

A Petition of John Theedam, Gentleman, Was pre- Dee NaviJ fented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the gation. Bill, now depending before this House, to recover, and preserve, the Navigation Of the ltiver Dee, in the County of Chester, by which the Lands, called The I Hut e Sands, lying and being on each Side of the said River, in the Counties of Flint and Chester, Part w hereof is the Estate

toH . <rf

8S8

Laws relating to Highways.

Lombe's Engine for making Qr-ganzine bilk.

Mitchell's

Estate.

22® — 2 30

A. 1731.

of the Petitioner, are vested in Trustees, to the Use of them, their Heirs and Atiigns, for ever, will, it the same be puffed into a Law, be injurious to the Petitioner: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Confederation, and to give the Petitioner such Relief therein, as to the House shall lecm meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee, to whom the llill to re-Itorc, and preserve, the Navigation upon the River Dee, in the County Palatine of CkeJler, is committed.

The House was moved, that the Seventh Section of an Act, made in the Eighth and Ninth Years of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act for enlarging " common Highways," relating ‘to Guide-posts, and Stones, might be read.

And the said Clause being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain, amend, and render more equal, the Laws, relating to the Methods by which Perl'ons are charged towards repairing the Highways, is committed; that they have Power to receive a Clause, to make the said Clause more effectual;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole lloul'e, to whom the Bill for preserving, and encouraging a new Invention in England by Sir Thomas

Lombe, and granting him a further Term of Years, for the lole making, and using, his Three Italian Engines, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Lord Moles-

worth's

Ellate.

had agreed upon a Report, which they had directed lib to make: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table, together with an Appendix thereunto.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Sevennight.

Ordered, That such a Numlter of Copies of the said Report, and Appendix, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Mr. Denis Bond, Mr. Baron Birch, Sir Thomas Huh, Main Sir John Kyles, Mr. John Bond, and Sir Joseph bo- ""rin

ing named in the said Report; and it appearing to be the Sense of the House, that they should promise to attend in their Places Tomorrow Sevennight; they severally stood up in their Places, and declared, that they would attend accordingly.

Ordered, That all the Members of this House, who are in and about the Town, do attend the Service of the House Tomorrow Sevennight; and that no Member do presume to go out of Town, without Leave of the . House.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole Rato's I House, to consider further of the Bill for the better He-gulation and Government of Pilots, licensed by the Corporation of Trinity-house of Deptford Strond, in the County of Kent, and to prevent Mischiefs and Annoyances upon the River of Thames below London Bridge.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Winningtontook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Winnington reported from the Committee, That

tub1

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the they had gone through the Bill, and made l'eyeral Amend-

said Report.

And the Report was read.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with an Amendment of one of them, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Thomas Bennet

and Mr. Spicer:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling Richard, Lord Viscount and his

Brothers, to make Leases for Lives, or Years, determinable upon Lives, renewable for ever, or to make Grants

ments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- Grow;! ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Cofe» to consider of the Report from the Committee, to whom p|jll"®| the Petition of several Planters of, and Merchants trading to, the I Hand of Jamaica, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and others, concerned in the said Island, was referred.

Ordered, That Sir William Yonge have Leave to make a Motion, it being pafr Pour of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly:

Ordered, That Arthur Arfcot Esquire, have Leave to L-wcf

~ Abieso.

strrw

DrUJ I Plum

AHwt

ttuc.

to feSCrfa Scce in the CUy of C""* "

fen

Ihru

to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: Andalfo,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Estate of Thomas Mitchell, deceased, lying in the County of Warwick, for Payment of the Debts charged thereupon, and for making Provision for go into the Country for a Week, upon extraordinary Oc-his Widow, and infant Children; to which the Lords caflons. desire the Concurrence of this House.

Ordered, That Air. Scarcen have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly:

Ordered, That Henry Vincent, Esquire, have Leave to Km.

Lord Moles-

worth's

Estate.

Derwent-water Estate.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling Richard, Lord Viscount Molesworth, and his Brothers, to make Leases for Lives, or Years, determinable upon Lives, renewable for ever, or to make Grants in Fee-farm, of a Piece of Ground in the City of;

was read the Fiift time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Lord Gage reported from the Committee, to whom all the Books, Instruments, and Papers, relating to the Sale of the Estate of James, late Earl of

zcater, which have been presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders, were referred; that the Committee had examined the said Books, Instruments, and Papers, and

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Barnard have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Colonel Onslow have Leave to go into Dim-the Country for a Week, upon extraordinary Occasions.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow MomiDg, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 2 30 ,

Anno 5* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1731. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act MWE for Sale of the Estate of Thomas Mitchell, deceased,

9

V

Ei

toll,

teti

lv«g

5 Geo. II.

2 3° Mar Hi.

1

V

) rice*

ue.

»J

r-

inand's,

Nat,

covery of his in ntations.

bott'f

ace.

covery of :bts in tnuttans.

ngi.te for taking Or-1 anzine ilk.

lying in the County of War, for Payment of the Debts charged thereupon, and for making Provision for his Widow, and infant Children, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrafted Bill for Sale of the Estate of Sir William Jlforice, Baronet, in Padjtow, in the County of Cornwall and for settling another Estate, of better Value, to the same Uses, in lieu thereof, w as read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals; and that the Title be, An Act for Sale of the Estate of Sir William Baronet, in Padftaw, in the County of and for

settling another Estate, of better Value, to the same Uses, in lieu thereof.

Ordered That Mr. Coplejlondo carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill to naturalize Joseph Guinand, and David Dumouchel, was rear! the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, Press 2. L. 4. To leave out " Heir," and insert " Heirs ' instead thereof.

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

liefolved. That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act to naturalize Joseph Guinand, and David Dumouchel.

Ordered, That Mr. Thompson, of York, do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Thomas Rennet and Mr. Spier:

Air. Speaker,

The Ixirds have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more eafv Recovery of Debts in his Majesty's Plantations and Colonies in America, with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And al(b,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of the real Estate, late of Robert Abbott, El'quire, deceased, for discharging his Debts and Incumbrances, and for making a Provision for his Widow, and only Son; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more easy Recovery of Debts in his Majesty's Plantations and Colonies in America.

And the Amendments were read, and are as follows; viz.

Press t. L. 33. After " where" insert " or near to " which."

Press 2. L. 3. After " respectively" insert " provided,

" that in every l'uch Affidavit, and Affirmation, there " shall be expressed the Addition of the Party, making " such Affidavit, or Affirmation, and the particular Place of his or her Abode."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House:

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Perry do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments, made by their Lordships.

An ingrafted Bill for preserving, and encouraging, a new Invention in England by Sir Thomas Lombe, and granting him a further Term of Years, for the foie making, and using, his Three Italian Engines, was read the Third time.

Rifo/ved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for providing a Recompence to Sir Thomas Lombe, for discovering, and introducing, the Arts of making and ' You 21.

working the Three capita. /:a'... / organzine Silk, and for

Benefit of this Kingdom.

Ordered, That Mr. AJdenna:. P^> to the Lords, and desire their Isr.csy >.

Mr. Winnington(according to Or d*r -.

Committee of the whole House, to *:.oh, Ls better Regulation and Government of Paoo;

the Corporation of Trimty-house of V/w

the County of Kent, and to prevent Mil* noyances upon the River of Thames below Ismd.n was committed, the Amendments, which tl*e C/*uuu had made to the Bill, and which they liad

to report to the House: And he read the Rej/zit in ».

Place, and aftenvards delivered the Bill, with tin AumjA ments, in at the Clerks Table; where the Amendmnfo were once read throughout, and then a Second time, by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereijj were, with an Amendment of one of them, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That Sir William Gage have Leave to go into Le«r« at the Country, for the Recovery of his Health. AbUnct,

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Abbott* for Sale of the real Estate, late of Robert Abbott, Esquire, ElUw. deceased, for discharging his Debts and Incumbrances, and for making a Provision for his Widow, and only Son, was read the First time.

R solved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrafted Bill for amending, and making more Qujlifioulon effectual, an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Member*, of her late Majesty Queen Arne, intituled, "An Act for " securing the Freedom of Parliaments, by the farther " qualifying the Members to fit in the House of Commons," was read the Third time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill do pass;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Te.,erafor

TcI'cts for the Noes,{

So it passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Motion That a Committee be appointed, to enquire, whether any relating to Members of this House do fit in the House contrary to Members. Law;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas,(^e

Tf*llpr«t for the Noes L°r^ Hervey,

tellers for the JNoes.^ Mf Hmry

So it passed in the Negative.

] 37-}83.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Improve* whole House, upon the Bill for explaining, amending, ment of and making more effectual, an Act, made in the First Tl*l‘8e* Year of the Reign of King James the Second, intituled,

" An additional Act for the Improvement of Tillage."

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Bromley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Bromley reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Resolved,

86o 2 30 — 24° 1731.

t&rowin-g Rcfohyd, That this House will* Upon Tuesday Morning Custom-house in London, and in the Out-ports, for foreiot Plantation*. aex Vrefolvb itself into a Committee of the whole House, Spirits and brandies, imported from Dunkirk, from the to contider of the Report from the Committee, to whom 2'thos 1727, to the 2.5th of 1731,

the Petition of several Planters of, and Merchants difringuiiliing the Account of each Year, and under what trading to, the liland of Jamaica, w hole Names are Denomination of 'Brandies the Duty was paid for the thereunto iiibscribed, in behalf of themselves, and others, fame; and also an Account of the Number of Pieces, concerned in the said liland, was referred. and half Pieces, of Cambrick, imported from

into the Port of for the same time, distinguishing

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow each Year, and under what Denomination of Cambricks Morning, Nine of the Clock. the Duties were paid, and how much the same annually

amounted to.

V eneris, 240 ,

Anno 5* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1731-

Prayers.

Dee Navb A PETITION of Divers Cheesemongers in and about gation. ±\. the Cities of London and whose Names

are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many other Cheesemongers, Importers of Cheese from Chester, Park-gate, and other Parts, upon the River Dee, into the Port of London, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, that the Quantity of Cheele, yearly imported by the Petitioners from the City of is com-

puted to be at least Nine Tenths of the Goods exported from the said City; and that the Petitioners are likewise Owners of many Ships and Vrellels, constantly employed in bringing Cheele from the said City into the Port of London: That the Bill, now depending in this House, to restore, and preserve, the Navigation upon the River Dee, in the County Palatine of Chester, will be ineffectual; and that the Tonnage and Duty, and the Method of collecting the fame, will be prejudicial to the Petitioners: And therefore praying the liouic to take the Premises into Consideration, and that they may be heard by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, or Part thereof, and that they may have Inch Relief, as the Nature of their same requires.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to w horn the Bill to restore, and preserve, the Navigation upon the River Dee, in the County Palatine of Chejl is committed; and that the Petitioners, if they think fit, be heard by themselves, or Counsel, before the said Committee, according to the Prayer of their Petition.

Ordered, That it be an Infrruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Cotmfel to be beard at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Law* k- Mr. Bramston reported from the Committee, to w hom

lating to the Bill to explain, amend, and tender more equal, the Highways. Laws, relating to the Methods, by which Persons are charged towards repairing the Highways, was committed, that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the Report was read; and the Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to some of them, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for impowering the Justices of the Peace, at their General or Quarter Sessions, to order Assessments to be made, for repairing and cleansing the Streets in Market-towns.

And the said Clause was twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Import* from Ordered, That the proper Officers do lay before this Dunkirk. House, an Account of what Duties have been paid at the

Mr. SandpSi, frosti the Committee to whom the Petition of the Proprietors of the Charitable Corporation, for beat Relief of induitrious PoQr, by assisting them with finaJl ‘*1* Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, assembled in their general Court, is referred, acquainted the House, that Francis Thomson, who was by the Order of the House, of

the 15th of last Month, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, in order to his being examined, had been examined by the said Committee, and had behaved himself fairly and candidly; and that he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that he be discharged out of Custody.

Ordered, That the said Francis Thomson be discharged out of Custody, without paying any Fees.

Mr. Secretary at War, by his Majesty s Command, Truy* presented to the House,

A Copy of the Declaration, made by the Lord "*

to the Plenipotentiaries of his Majesty, 16th April 1727; and a Translation thereof: And also,

An Estimate of the several Sums of Money, that have become due and payable to the King of , by virtue of his late Majesty's Declaration to that Purpose, for the Agio, or Difference, of the Subsidies, payable to the Crown of Denmark in pursuance of the Treaty between his late Britan nick Majesty, the most Christian

King, and the King of Denmark, dated the 16th of 1727.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

The said Translation of the said Declaration, and tbf said Estimate, are as follows; viz.

TV WHEREAS a Difficulty had ariie;, which retarded the Conclusion of the Convention, signed this Day betw een their Britannick, Danish, and most Christian Majesties, on account, that his most Christian Majesty offered the Payment of the Subsidy of Three hundred and Fifty thousand Itix Dollars, stipulated in the said Convention, in the current Money of Demark, and that his Danish Majesty infilled upon having it in Bank Money of Hamburgh, in Specie; we, the underwritten, by virtue of the full Power, communicated this same Day, do declare, in the Name of his Britannick Majesty, that he will employ his good Offices with his most Christian Majesty, to dispose him to pay the said Sublidv in Bank Money of j

Hamburgh; and that, if his Britannick Majesty cannot ui

fuQceed, in engaging his most Christian Majesty to fatidy the King of Denmark on that Head, then his said fyri-tannick Majesty, to contribute towards the Advantage of the common Cause, and out of a particular Frietulship for his Majesty the King of Denmark, is willing to charge himself with the Difference between the current Money of Denmark, and that of the Bank, in Specie; which he will pay in the Manner, and at the Times, mentioned in the said Convention.. In witness whereof, we have signed the present Declaration, and have lit the Seal of our Arms thereunto, at Copenhagen, the itith of April, in the Year 1727.

Glemchv.

(L.S.)

AN

re

2*11 of the House.

Expiring

Lain.

5 Geo. II. 240 Mart. 861

An ESTIMATE of the several Sums of Money, that have become due and payable to the King of Denmark, by virtue of his late Majesty's Declaration to that Purpose, for the Agio, or Difference, of the Subsidies, payable to the Crown of Denmark in pursuance of the Treaty between his late Britannic Majesty, the most Christian King, and the King of Denmark, dated the 16th April 1727.

27th October 1727. To answer - -

2d November 1728. 29 August 1729.

9 October.

2 March.

23 Mar. 1730.

14 May 1731. 7 September.

To answer To answer To answer To answer To answer

To answer

To answer To answer

7,937 i *7,9371 17»i71 t

34.343 i 17,|71t

34.343 i 17,17m 17,17m 17,17m 17,17m

17.17 mi 17,17m* 17,17m

17.17 m

| Rix Dollars, for 2 Quarters

Rix Dollars, for 1 Quarter Rix Dollars, for 2 Quarters Rix Dollars, for 1 Quarter Rix Dollars, for 2 Quarters

Rix Dollars, for Quarters

Rix Dollars, for 2 Quarters -

Rix Dollars, for 1 Quarter -Rix Dollars, for 1 Quarter, to complete the said Agio -

c

7,401

3,649

7,22b

3,613

7,369

12

1

9 4 11

7,333

3,666

d.

6

11 11 11

- 14,739 5 7

17

18

4

8

- 3,666 18 8

16 Quarters - - 58,667 — 6

Towards satisfying whereof, the Sums following have been applied; viz.

j£. s. d.

Out of the public Supplies Anno 1727 ----- -- 7,401 12 6

Out of the Produce of the Deduction of 6d. per libra, out of the Pay of the

Forces; viz.....£. s. d.

From lft April 1727, to 24th December 1727 4,428 11 11 From 25 December 1727, to 24 December ______

9 5 9 7 9 7

----- - 28,571 — 6

----- ----- ----- - 35,972 13 —

Remains, to complete the Agio, or Difference, of the Subsidies, 7 q g

payable to the Crown of Denmark - - - - _ £ 94

Whitehall, March 24 1734

JVm. Strickland.

1729 ——

From 25 December 1729, to 24 December

1730 ....

From 25 December 1730, to 24 December

1731 ....

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The Copy of the Declaration, made by the Lord Gle-norchy, is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the House be called over upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That such Members, aslhall not then attend, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House.

Mr. Thomas Tmcer reported from the Committee, who were appointed to inspect what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion to the House, which of them are fit to be revived, or continued, that they had inspected the Laws accordingly, and had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read die Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read; and the Resolutions of the Committee are as followeth; viz.

lft, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, " An " Act; for the better securing the lawful Trade of his Majesty s Subjects to and from the East Indies, and " for the more effectual preventing all his Majesty's Subjects trading thither under foreign Commissions," which by an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George, was continued in force to the End of the Session of Parliament now lait past, when the said Act expired, is fit to be revived. Vol. 21.

2d, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act for the better regulating the Manufacture of " Cloth in the West Riding of the County of York," which was to continue in force for the Term of Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and is near expiring, is fit to be continued.

3d, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for " the better Encouragement of the making of Sail-cloth " in Great Britain," which Act, by several Acts, made in tire Fifth and Tenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, was from time to time continued in force to the End of the Session of Parliament now lait past, when the said Act expired, is fit to be revived.

4th, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act to prevent frivolous and vexatious Arrests," which was to continue iti force for the Term of Five Years, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament, and is near expiring, is fit to be continued.

5th, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act for the better viewing, searching, and examining, " all Drugs, Medicines, Waters, Oils, and Compositions, used or to be used for Medicines, in all Places, " where the same shall be exposed to Sale, or kept for

10 I that

Expiring

Laws.

8 61

*4° Martii. 1751.

" that Purpose, within the City of and Suburbs

" thereof, or within Seven Miles Circuit of the said " City," which was to be in force for Three Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, which Act, by an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, was farther continued to the End of the Session of Parliament now last palt, when the said Act expired, is lit to be revived,

6th, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act for paying off and cancelling One Million of Exchequer Bills, and for other Purposes therein " mentioned," whereby an additional Duty, of Two Shillings for every Bufltel, was laid upon all Apples, imported after the Feast Day of the Annunciation of the Blessed Virgin Mary., 1722, which Act was to continue in force during the Term of Three Years, and until the End of the next Session of Parliament next following the said Term of Three Years; and which by an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of his said late Majesty King intituled, "An Act for rating l'uch unrated Goods and " Merchandizes, as are usually imported into this Kingdom, and pay Duty ad valorem, upon the Oath of the " Importer, and for other Purposes therein mentioned," was further continued, from the Expiration of the Term aforesaid, for Seven Years, and is near expiring, is fit to be continued.

7th, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual disarming the Highlands in " that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for the " better securing the Peace and Quiet in that Part of the " Kingdom," which is near expiring, is fit to be continued.

8th, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act for encouraging the Greenland Fishery," which is expired, is fit to be revived.

9th, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act for repealing the Duty laid upon " Snuff, by an Act made in the Eighth Year of her late Majesty's Reign, and for ascertaining the Rates, according to which the remaining Duties are to be paid, " and for giving further Encouragement to the Greenland " Fishery," as relates to the encouraging his Majesty's British Subjects to import Whale-fins, Oil or Blubber of Whale, Seal Oil, Seal Skins, or any other Produce of Seals, or other Fifti, or Creatures, taken or caught in the Greenland Seas, or in Davis's Straits, or in any other Parts of the Seas adjoining or adjacent thereunto, which is expired, is fit to be revived.

The First and Second Reiblutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Third Resolution, being read a Second time, was postponed.

The Fourth and Fifth Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Sixth Resolution, being read a Second time, was postponed.

The Seventh Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Eighth and Ninth Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were postponed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act to prevent frivolous " and vexatious Arrestsand that Sir William Yonge,

Mr. Thomas Tower; Mr. Chauncy, Mr. Oglethorpe,

Mr Gybbon, Mr. Palmer, Sir Roger Meredith, Mr.

and Alajor Se/rtyn, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Ixave be given to bring in a Bill, or Bills, upon the First, Second, Fifth, and Seventh, of the said Reiblutions; and that Mr. Thomas 7teer, Air. tner, Sir William Yonge, Mr. SMr. Earl, Mr. Se-

cretary at War, Sir George Saville, Mr. Chohmdelcy Turner, Lord Advocate of Scotland, General Sir Roger Meredith, Mr. Thompson of York, Mr. Drummond of Quarral, Mr. Alderman Perry, and Mr. Alderman Barnard, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Ptfaji explain and amend an Act, made in the Ninth Year of thein? Reign of his late Majesty King G the First, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual punishing wicked and " evil-disposed Persons, going armed in Disguise, and " doing Injuries and Violences to the Persons and Properties of his Majesty's Subjects, and for the more " f[>eedy bringing the Offenders to Justice;" and that Mr. Thomas Tower, Lord Malpas, Mr. Whitworth, Sir John Cope, Mr. Chauncy, Mr. Oglethorpe, Air.

Mr. Robert Hucks, Lord Harry Powlctt, Lord Najjm Powlctt, Lord Vere Beauclerk, and Mr. Lewis of limp-shire, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Doddington reported from the Committee, to whom ReMfy the Bill for the better and more easy rebuilding the Town of Bland ford Forum, in the County of DcrJ'et, and for determining Differences touching Houses, and Buildings, burnt down, or demolished, by reason of the late dreadful Fire there, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Thoms Barnet and Mr. Spicer:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for h«'i making effectual an Agreement between Sir Ralph ' and his Brothers, for railing Money upon Part of his entailed Estate, and for settling other Estates not entailed, of greater Value, in lien thereof; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Alcffengers withdrew'.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to RM«j whom the Bill for the better and more eaiy rebuilding *lwiW the Town of Bland ford Fomm, in the County of Dorfel, and for determining Differences touching Houses, and Buildings, burnt down, or demolished, by reason of the late dreadful Fire there, was committed, be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Air. Henry Bt'omley reported from the Committee of inmen the whole House, to whom the Bill for explaining, amend- of ing, and making more effectual, an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King James the Second, intituled, " An additional Act for the Improvement of Tillage," was committed; the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Report be taken into Consideration upon Monday Aforning next.'

s

The House being informed that Air. from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

o An

5 Geo. II. 140 Martii. 863

An Account of the Drawback of the Duty on Hops, the Drawbacks would have annually amounted to, had exported to Inland, from Christmas 1715, to Christmas the same been continued by Law.

2720, distinguishing each Year; and also. And then he withdrew.

Ah Account of what Quantity of Hops have been an- And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Dually exported from England to Ireland, from Christmas The said Accounts are as follow; viz.

1720, to Christmas 1730, with a Computation of what

Am ACCOUNT of the Drawback of the Duty on Hops, exported to Ireland from Christmas 1715,

to Christmas 1720, distinguishing each Year.

From Christmas 1715, to Christmas 1716

- — - - . 1717

- — - - - 1718

- - -1719

- - - 1720

Note: The Inspecfcor General keeps his Accounts from Christmas to Christmas; lo that this Account could not be drawn out from Lady-day to , as

required.

Custom-house, London,

24th March 1731.

Quantity exported. Drawback, computed at 1 d. per L

C. qrs. 1. C . d.

5,521 2 5 2,576 >4 5

- 13,984 3 5 6,526 4 9

4,596 5 2,144 18 9

- 14,972 1 25 6,987 3 1

- 6,743 2 3,146 17 2

Total - - £. 45,818 1 14 21,381 18 2

John Oxenford,

Afs* Infpr Gen'.

Ah ACCOUNT of what Quantity of Hops have been annually exported from England to from Christmas

1720, to Christmas 1730, with a Computation of what the Drawbacks would have annually amounted to, had the

Quantity exported. Drawback, computed at Id. per L

From Christmas 1720, to Christmas 1721 *» — c. 10,765 qrs. 1. 3 2 I. s. d. 5,024 — 6

m - - - 1728 - 14,886 0 1 6,946 16 1

m mm m m m - 1723 - - 12,161 26,549 0 7 5,675 3 3

m m - - - 1724 m - 0 8 12,389 11 4

- — - - 17*3 m m m - 6,667 2 26 3,111 12 2

m m — - - 1726 - - 30,665 1 13 14,310 10 1

m m m m - - 1727 - m 23,581 0 12 11,004 10 4 8,350 2 —

m m - - - 1728 - - 17,893 0 8

- - - - - 1729 - - 18,317 0 21 8,548 — 5

— m - 1730 - 20,814 0 22 9,7i3 5 10

Custom-house, London, Total - - £ 182,300 2 8 85,073 12 —

24th March 1731.

N. B. The Inspector General's Accounts not being made up to Christmas 1731, is the Reason, this Account ends at Christmas 1730.

Note: The Inspector General receives no Accounts from Scotland, so this Account k for England only.

John Oxenford\

Assis* Inlp' Gen*.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Lord Malpas, Mr.

ittioa. Mr. Booth, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Offley, Mr. Duclcett, Mr. Thompson of York, Marquis of Carnarvon, Mr.

Thompson, Mr. Alderman Perry, Sir Roger Meredith, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Hamilton, and Captain Purvis, be added

to the Committee, to whom the Bill to restore, and pre-

serve, the Navigation of the River Dee, in the County Palatine of Chejftet', is committed.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

wmgj* The House resolved Hself into a Committee of the v ,ar« whole House, upon the Bill to enlarge the Pier and Harbour of Scarborough, in the County of York.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Thompson of Scarborough, took the Chair of the Committee. i. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr, Thompson reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments Vol. 2L

thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

Resolved', That this House will, upon Monday Morning Supply, next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Barnard have Leave to Fraud* by make a Motion, it being past Five of the Clock. Bankmpt*.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And an ingossed Bill for preventing Frauds committed by Bankrupts, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An A Gtto prevent the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Barnard do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to lit, not- Committee*, withstanding any Adjournment of the House.

And

270 Martii. rA. 1731.

And ihen tV*e House adjoarned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Lunte, 270 die Martii',

Anno 5* Georgii II4* Regis, 1732.

Pbayers.

H»re'« A N ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act -/a. for making effectual an Agreement between Sir Ralph Hare, and his Brothers, for railing Money upon Part of his entailed Estate, and for settling other Estates, not entailed, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Woollen A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, capital and infe-Manufacture. fior Burgesses, of the Borough and Town of in

the County of Somerset, together with the Merchants, and

other Traders in the Woollen Manufacture, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of the Decay of the Woollen Manufacture in the said Town, and Places adjacent, occasioned, as the Petitioners apprehend, by the Exportation of Wool, and Woollen Goods, from Ireland to foreign Countries: And therefore praying the House to take their same into Consideration, and to relieve them in Inch Manner, as to the House shall l'eetn meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Vexations Ordered, That Mr, W be added to the Gentle-Arrests. men, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Twell'th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act to prevent " frivolous and vexatious Arrests."

Paddington A Bill for enlarging the Church-yard of the Parish of Church-yard. Paddington, in the County of was read a

Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Laroche, Mr. Robert 1 lucks, Mr. Thomas Tower, Mr. Earl, Mr. Holland, Sir Roger BrMr. Whitworth, Mr. Tower, Sir Roger Meredith, Mr. Mr. Mr. Lewis, Mr. Heathcote, Mr. Orlcbar, Mr Mr. Alderman Perry, Lord Gage, Sir Wilfrid Law fort, Mr. Crispe, Mr. Lyster, Mr. , Mr.

Mr. Ijongueville, Mr. Mr. Bacon, Mr. weight, Lord Glenorchy, Sir William Mr. Campbell, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Crojfe, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Annejley, Mr. Ceefar Mr. Lyjier, Mr. Chauncey, Mr. llucks, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Mr. Turner, Mr.

Sandys, Sir William Wi en; and all the Members that

serve for the Counties of and Hertford: And

they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber

Stratigwayes* An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for

£statf. making Leases of the Estate, late of Thomas Strangwayes, Esquire, and Elizabeth, late Duchess of Hamilton, his Sifter, both deceased, and for applying the Money arising the reby, for the Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Wyndham, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Ceefar, Sir John Hind Cotton, Sir John Rushout, Captain Vernon, Sir Charles Vernon, Mr. Annejley, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Fane, Mr. Crispe,

Lord Gage, Mr. Sandys, Sir Wager, Mr. Longue-

ville, Mr. Harley, Mr. Baron Birch, Sir Wilfrid son, Mr, Wyndham, Mr. Negus, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Mr. Edgcumbe, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir Roger Meredith, Sir Charles Turner, Sir Edmund Bacon, Sir John Williams, Sir Rtchat'd Lane, Mr. Packer, Mr.

Mr. Lifter, Mr. Whittingto Mr. Sir

jtian Ilham, Sir William Carew, Lord Mayor of London, Mr, Lyster, Mr. Lawson, Mr. Bold, Mr. , Mr.

Vernon, Mr. Chauncey, Mr. Eurle, Mr. More, Mr. Heath-cote, Sir Thomas A fieri, Mr. York Mr. Mr.

Bat bur ft, Mr. Walter, Mr. Compton, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Walcott; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Dorset, Someijet, and Devon: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his TraliS* Majesty, that he will be graciously pleated to giveDircc-tions, that Copies of all Letters, and Instructions, given *" to the Lord Glenorchy, and his Answers thereto, whereby he was directed to enter into any Engagements, on the behalf of his Majesty, to pay the Difference between the Bank Money of Hamburgh, and the Money of Denmark, on the Sum agreed to be paid by the King of France to the King of Denmark, for Subsidies for Four Years, with all Memorials and Representations, made to the Courts of France and Denmark, on this Demand, may be laid before this House.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that a Copy of the Act of Guaranty, entered into in the Year 1720 by his late Majesty, for securing the Possession of the Duchy of Slejivick to the King of Denmark, may be laid before this House.

Resolved, That an humble Address he presented to his Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that Copies of all Warrants and Authorities, fyr applying the Deductions made out of the Money, granted by Parliament for the Pay of the Hejfian Troops, towards making up to the King of Denmark the Difference between Dattish and Hamburgh Money, on the Subsidies, payable by France to the Crown of Denmark, may be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Hcfc That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, that Twp he'will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that an Account of all Deductions, if any fuel) have been, which w ere made for the Pay of the 12,000 Troops, over

and above the 6 d. in the Pound, which, by an Account, delivered into this House the 24th Day of this instant March, appears to have been deducted out of the Sum demanded, and given by Parliament, for this Service, may he laid before this House:

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, f Sir 1

5 £ Mr. Harvey: J

Tellers for tire Noes, } W

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, that he will he graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Establishment for the 12,000 Men of the Troops of his Highness the Landgrave of Heffc Cajfd, which were in the Pay of his Majesty, as King of Great Britain, together with the Warrants, for Deductions to be made therefrom, may be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of Iris Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

' An

5 Geo. II. 270 Martii.

86 5

I'lbott's

1

4

w

1

ii

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the real Estate, late of Robert , Esquire, deceaserl, for discharging his Debts and Incumbrances, and for making a Provision for his Widow, and only Son, was read a Second time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Hind Cotton, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Compton, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Packer, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Wright, Sir Wm. Carew, Mr. Fumejs, Sir John Williams, Sir

Wm.Hardress, Mr. Kemp, Mr. Devereux, Sir Humphry Monoux, M. Tremain, Mr. Cartwright, Sir JttJiinian lsham, Mr. Lysler, Sir Wilfrid Mr.

Mr. Bertie, Mr. Horner, Mr. Digby, Mr. Norris, Mr. Alderman Par Jons, Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Vernon, Sir Roger Meredith, Mr. Ltvefon Gower, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Harley, Mr. Aide nnan Barnard, Mr. Campbell, Sir James Grant, Sir Jermin Davers, Lord Chetwynd, Mr. Evelyn, Sir Thomas Seabright, Mr. Earle, Mr. Burton, Mr. More, Mr. Harris, Sir Robert Clifton, Mr. Martin, Mr. Taylor, Sir John Norris, Mr. Winnington, Mr Bromley, Mr.

Sandys, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Negus, Sir Strickland, Mr. Lezvis, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Dodington, Sir Richard

Lane, Mr. Comptroller, Sir Robert Mr. Wal-

pole, Sir John Eyles, Mr. Hales, Mr. JenniJ'on, Mr. Carr, Sir Cha. Wager, Mr. Edg cum be. Captain Purvis, Sir Willis, Mr. Sambrcke, Mr. Williams; and all the Members, that serve for the Counties of Bedford and Berks: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

ptC Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill to

tvigntion. restore, and preserve, the Navigation upon the River Dee, in the County Pabtine of Cheflcrfvs committed, have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

viondSt. Sir George Cafwall reported from the Committee, to P.cipher* whom the Petition of Elias Turner, and Company, and bemuit.*. Lewis Lacoude, on the behalf of themselves, and such others, as are in their Cafe, was referred i that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwiards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Report be taken into Confederation Tomorrow Morning.

motion of An ingrossed Bill for the better Regulation and iiota. Sic. Government of Pilots, licensed by the Corporation of Trinity-house of Deptford Stroud, in the County of Kent, and to prevent Mischiefs and Annoyances upon the River of Thames below London Bridge, was read the Third time.

An ingrafted Clause was offered to be added to the B 11 by way of Rider, That the Act should not prejudice, or take away, any Right or Jurisdiction of the Mayor, or of the Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens, of London, to, in, or upon, the River of Thames.

And the said Clause was thrice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, in Press 5. L. 9. to leave out " the," and insert the Word " such" instead thereof.

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act for the better Regulation and Government of Pilots, licensed by the Corporation of Trinity-house of Deptford Stroud, in the County of Kent, and to prevent Mischiefs and Annoyances upon the River of Thames below London Bridge.

Ordered, That Mr. Winnington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Lcrr.be's Ordered, That the Clerk of this House do deliver back ' *. era to be to Sir Thomas Lombe the Patent, granted to him, for the ruurr.ed. f0|e making and using Engines, for the mak '.ng of Organ-' zine Silk, and also a Deed inrolled, directed by the said

Not.21.

Patent, which were presented by him to this House, pursuant to their Older.

Ordered, That Sir John Hind Cotton, Sir Thomas Se-' Dunstable bright, Mr. Rowney. Mr. Talbot, Mr. Mr. Wrighte, ^oa<1*

Mr. Hilton, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Gape, Sir John Barrington,

Mr. Ramsden, Sir Thomas Clark, Sir Geo. Saunders, the Lord Vere Btauclerk, Mr. CopleftonMr. Ducket, and

Mr. Longueville, be added to the Committee, to whom

the Bill for theeflfeftual repairing the Highways between

Dunstable and Hockliffe, in the County of Bedford, by

enlarging the Term and Powers granted by Two former

Acts, one of the Ninth, and the other of the Twelfth,

Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen is committed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Thurston and Mr. Burroughs:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Congreve'* rectifying some Mistakes in a Settlement, made by John Estate. Congreve, Esquire, and veiling his Seat and Estate in Stretton, in the County of Stafford, in Trustees, to be sold, for better clearing the Debts, for which his eldest Son {lands engaged, and purclialing another Estate, more ‘ suitable to the Occasions of his Family, to be settled in lieu thereof; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Meficngers withdrew.

The said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Wager, Sir John Norris, Mr. Dee Alderman Barnard, and Mr. Alderman Perry, be added Navigation to the Committee, to whom the Bill to restore, and preserve, the Navigation upon the River Dee, in the County Palatine of Chester, is committed.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Mitchell'* for Sale of the Estate of Thomas Mitchell, deceased, lying in the County of Warwick, for Payment of the Debts charged thereupon, and for making Provision for his Widow, and infant Children, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Compton,

Sir John Hind Cotton, Mr. Bacon, Sir Nathanael'Curzon,

Mr. Packer, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Wright, Sir Wm.

Carezv, Mr. Furneffe, Sir John WiSir Wm. drfs, Mr. Kemp, Kir. Devereux, Sir Humphry Mcnoux,

Mr. Tremrin, Mr. Cartzvright, Sir JufUnian lsham, Mr.

Lyfer, Sir Wilfrid Lawson, Mr. Bramston, Mr. Bertie,

Mr. Horner, Mr. Digby, Mr. Norris, Mr. Alderman Par/ons, Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Vernon, Sir Roger Meredith,

Mr. Leveson Gower, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Harley, Mr.

Alderman Barnard, Mr. Campbell, Sir James Grant, Sir Jermin Davers, Lord Chetwynd, Mr. Evelyn, Sir T/10.

Seabright, Mr. Earle, Mr. Burton, Mr. More, Mr. Harris, Sir Robert Clifton, Mr. Martin, Mr. Taylor, Sir John Norris, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Henry Bromley, Mr.

Sandys, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Negus, Sir Wm.

Mr. Lewis, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Dodington, Sir Richard Lane, Mr. Comptroller, Sir Robert Furneffe, Mr. Walpole, Sir John Eyles, Mr. Hales, Mr. Jennifon, Mr. Carr,

Sir Charles Wages', Mr. Edgcumbe, Captain Purvis, Mr.

Williams, Mr. Sambroke; and all the Members, that serve for the Counties of Warwick and Worcester: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- Wiyi night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole tndMean*. House, toconsider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Rebuilding Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the BUndford better and more easy rebuilding the Town of Bland ford Forum Town.

10 K Forum,

866 17* — 280 Martii. A. 1731

Fornm, in the County of Dorset, and for determining Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, that their Differences touching Houses, and Buildings, burnt down, Addresses, of Yesterday, That his Majesty would be or demolished, by reason of the late dreadful Fire there, graciously pleased to give Di rest ions, that Copies of all was committed Letters, and Instructions, given to the Lord

And the Report was read. and his Answers thereto, whereby he was directed to

Arid the Amendments, made by the Committee to enter into any Engagements, on the behalfof His Majesty, the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, to pay the Difference between the Bank Money of Ham-upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto burgh and the Money of Denmark, on the Sum, agreed to by the House. be paid by the King of France to the King of

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be for Subsidies for Four Years, with all Memorials and Re-ingrossed. prefenrations, made to the Courts of France and Denmark,

on this Demand, and also a Copy of the Act of Guaranty, Improvement The House proceeded to take into Consideration the entered into in the Year 1710 by his late Majesty, for

of Tillage. Report from the Committeeof the whole House, to whom securing the Post'dfion of the Duchy of to the

the Bill for explaining, amending, and making more King of , and also Copies of all Warrants and

effectual, an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign Authorities, for applying the Deductions made out of the of King Jams the Second, intituled, " An additional Money, granted by Parliament for the Pay of the HeJ/in " Act for the Improvement of Tillage,-' was committed. Troops, towards making up to the King of Denmark the And the Report was read. Difference between Danish and Hamburgh Money, on the

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to Subsidies, payable by France to the Crown of Denmark,

the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, and allb the Establishment for the 12,000 Men of the

upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto Troops of his Highness the Landgrave of by the House. which were in the Pay of his Majesty, as King of Great

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Britain, together with the Warrants, for Deductions to ingrossed. be made therefrom, might be laid before this House, had

been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had And then the Haufc adjourned till Tomorrow commanded him to acquaint this House, that he will Morning, Nine of the Clock. give Directions accordingly.

Martis, 28° Mar tii;

Anno 5* Georgii IP1* Regis, 1732.

Pray ers.

Deftroftiott , A PETITION of the Mayor, Aldermen, and of Twrnpikes. d\ Citizens, of the City of Hereford, in Common-

council assembled; and also,

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, and Freeholders, of the County of Hereford, and of the Mayor, Justices of tire Peace, and other Inhabitants, of the City of Hereford, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said County, and City;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; complaining, that the Turnpikes and Toll-houses, erected by virtue of an Act of Parliament, made in the Third Year of his p re lent Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Roads leading to the said City, have been maliciouffy destroyed in the Night-time by evil-disposed and disorderiy Persons, in Defiance of an Act of Parliament, made in the First Year of his present Majesty's Reign, to prevent such Offences: And therefore praying the House to make a more effectual Provision against such Outrages for the future.

Ordered, That the said Petitions do lie upon the Table.

EiH of Mr. Wat kin Williams Wynne reported from the Com-Abingdon's mittee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, inti-fifiacc. tuled. An Act; for vetting several Manors and Hereditaments, the Estate of Mount ague Earl of Abingdon, in the Counties of Wilts, Oxott, Bucks, and Berks, in Trustees, to be sold, for railing Money to discharge Debts and Incumbrances, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and the Parties concerned had given their Con-lent to the fame, to the Satisfaction the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, Thar Mr. Watkiu Williams do carry

the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House Irath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

22

Mr.. 'Thompson of Scarborough {according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House* to whom the Bill to enlarge the Pier and Harbour of borough, in the County of York, was*committed; that the C'ommiftee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon die Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments of one, and to several, of them, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term granted by an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for rebuilding the Pier and Harbour of Parton, in the County of Cumberland, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term granted by an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for rebuilding the Pier and Harbour of Parton, in the County of Cumberland.

Ordered, That Sir Wilfrid Lawson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for explaining, amending, and making more effectual, an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King James the Second, intituled, " An addi* " tional Act for the Improvement of Tillage," was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for amending, and making more effectual, an Act, made in the First Year of the Keignof King James the Second, intituled, " An additional Act for the Improvement of Tillage."

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Bromley do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

General Wade presented to the House (according to Order) a Bill for continuing an Act, of the Eleventh Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for more

" effectual

A if*

Sciborotf

Hirbott

Part*

Hariw

ofTiliiji

DIM*

ihe His'

lan^dbV

hid.

5 Geo. II. 28° — 29' Martii. 867

tf effectual disarming the highlands in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for the better securing the " Peace and Quiet of that Part of the Kingdom';" and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Owze A Bill for rendering more effectual an Act, passed iri ivigation. t+ie Thirteenth 'Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act for improving " the Navigation of the River Ckvze, in the County of " York," was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Thompson, of York, Sir Wm. Milner Lord Mr. Colonel Cholmondeley, Mr. Ingram, Mr. St. , Sit*

Tho. Robinson, Colonel Lord Manors,

Mr. Plumptre, Lord Per rival, Mr. Huxley, Mr. Cople-ston, Mr. Andrews, Mr EaMr. Hamfden,

tker, Mr. Lumley, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Hedworth, Mr, Edgecumbe, Mr. Bowes, Colonel Powlett, Mr. Qrlebar, Mr. Moore, Mr. Treby, Mr. Mr. Mr.

Earle, Mr. Yorke, Mr. CartwSir Geo. Savil/e, Mr. Brants ton, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Lower, Mr. Winnington, Sir Nicholas Williams, Sir Charles Wager, Mr. Byng, Mr. Norris, Lord Glenorchy, Mr. Comptroller, Mr.

Ongley, Sir Wm. Wentworth, Mr.; and all

the Members, that feive for the County of York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Bartard Mr. Robert Iiucks reported from the Committee, to hiltlren. whom the Bill for the more effectual indemnifying and securing Parities, and other Places, from such Charges as may arile from Bastard Children, born within the same, was committed j that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

wsrrlating An ingrossed Bill to explain, amend, and render more dighways. equal, the Laws, relating to the Methods, by which Persons are charged towards repairing the Highways, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, for making the Act temporary.

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up.

And then the Clause was read the Third time, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill;

Press 1. L. 37. After. " Parishes" to insert the Word " Places

Prels 5. L. 24. After " County" to insert the Word " Places."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

And a Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Bill do pass;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tl, r v (Sir Wm.

Tellers for the \eas, j Bromley:

Tellers for the Noe« Afion,

J ellers for the Noes, > Mr:

So it passed in the Negative.

} 7°'

Dec Ordered, That Mr. Watkin Williams Wynne have Leave avigation. j0 majee a \jotion, it being past Three of the Clock. And he moved accordingly:

And presented to the House a Petition of Sir John Glynne, Baronet, Lord of the Manor of Harden, alias Howerden, in the County of Flint, in behalf of himself, Vol. 21.

and others, who have Right of Common in, and are Owners and Proprietors of, many Thousand Acres of Marsh and other Lands, lying near, or adjoining to, the River Dee, on the South Side thereof: Which was read; alleging, that the Bill, now depending in this House, to restore and preserv the Navigation of the River Dee, in the County Palatine of Chefiet, will, if the same be passed into a Law, with such Powers and Clauses, as are therein contained, be very prejudicial' to the Petitioner* and his Tenants, and also to the Rights and Properties of the other Owners of the Lands aforesaid.: And therefore praying, that the Petitioner may be heard by himself* or his Counsel, in relation to the said, Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill to restore* and preserv, the Navigation of the River Dee, in the County Palatine of Chester, is committed; and that the Petitioner, if he thinks fit, be heard by himself, or his Counsel, before the said Committee, according to the Prayer of his Petition.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitibrt.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a> Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the First Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for ponishing such Persons, as shall wilfully " and maliciously pull down or destroy Turnpikes, for " repairing Highways; or Locks, or other Works, " erected by Authority of Parliament, for making Rivers " navigable."

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Colonel Berkeley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

And there not being Forty Members present, the Houfd was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 290 Martii;

Anno 5* Georgii Udi Regis, 1732* Prayers.

SI R Thomas Saunders Sebright reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Manors of Kemble and Poole, in the County of Wilts, late the Estate of Henry Poole, Esquire, deceased, for the Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the lame, to the Satisfaction 01 the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table;

And the Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Saunders Sebright do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Laroche reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act for " repairing the Roads in the Parishes of Kenftngton, Chelsea, and Fulham, and other Parishes, in the County of Middlesex," was committed; that the Committee bad

examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the lame

to

Prefcrratloil of Tarn-pikes, &c.

Pooled

Eliaie.

Ken fi net no Roads.

1

868 29° M.^.1732.

to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the Report was read , and the Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for making Proceis in the Courts of Equity effectual against Persons, whoabfeond, and cannot be served there- fl"! with, or who refute to appear, was read a Second time, fco'5‘ Resolved, That the liiil be committed.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refo/ved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

TmM

fit

Dei*

of*TT|eInent Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill for

1 a*»e' amending, and making more effectual, an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King James the Second, intituled, " An additional Act for the Improvement " of Tillage," to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Drake's Mr. Copleston reported from the Committee, to whom

£tute. ingr0ired Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for

advancing and applying Four thousand Pounds, Part of the Portion of Dame Anne Drake, Wife of Sir Francis Henry Drake, Baronet, and for leafing out certain Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Devon, for Lives, according to the Custom of the Country, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the Amendment was read, and is as followeth; viz.

Prefsii. L. iff, ad. Leave out " hereby vested in the said Jane Drake and Thomas , and their " Heirs," and, instead thereof, insert " devised by the " said recited Codicil."

The laid Amendment, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Bastard The House proceeded (according to Order; to take Cliiidren. jnt0 Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the more effectual indemnifying and securing Parishes, and other Places, from such Charges as may arise from Ballard Children, born with the fame, was committed.

And the Report was read.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments of and to several of them, agreed unto by the House; and some Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Growing Coffee in Plantations.

Resolved, That this House will immediately relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Planters of, and Merchants trading to, the Istand of Jamaica, whole Names are thereunto subscribed,

in behalf of themselves, and others, concerned in the said Istand, was referred.

The House accordingly refoived itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Perry took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Perry reported from the Committee, that they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the Time.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Kmcik whom the Petition of Elias Turner, and Company, and C'ir:ityH Lewis Lacoude, on the behalf of themselves, and such

others, as are in their Cafe, was referred, be taken into Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

A Petition of Thomas Tomkyns was presented to the Tomb' House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner was, on the Eleventh Day of July 1718, arrested, and has from tw*1 that Time been confined in Prison, upon an Extent, for an Arrear, which he (lands charged with to his Mijel'y, for the Use of the Publick, as having been Cashier to the late Commissioners for licensing Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen: That, having been afflicted with Sick-ness, he should have wanted the common Necessaries of Life, if he had not been assisted by his Friends, by whom his Wife, and Four firtall Children, have also been supported: That he hopes, by their A Alliance, or by feme other Way, if he should procure an Act of Parliament for a Discharge from his Imprisonment, to be enabled, in Time, to raise a Sum of Money, to compound his laid Debt: And therefore praying the House to give Leave, that a Bill may be brought in, to impower the Lord High Treasurer, or Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, for the Time being, to compound the said Debt with the Petitioner.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, that the Petitioner's Cale having been humbly represented to his Majesty, his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that his Majesty gives his Consent, that the House may do therein, as they think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

Dr»k

lb

Sufffr

W*

Grew

Toft

toot*

Resolved, That this House will immediately refoive p^ii itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of To'" further of the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the First Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for punishing such " Persons, as filial I wilfully and maliciously pull down or " destroy Turnpikes, for repairing Highways; cr Locks,

" or other Works, erected by Authority of Parliament,

" for making Rivers navigable."

The House accordingly refoived itself into the said Committee.

Mr Speaker left the Chair.

Colonel Berkeley took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Colonel Berkeley reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-mortow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Btl

Tick

5 Geo. II. 30° Mar869

Jovis, 30° die Mart it;

Anno 5® Georgii II" Regis, 1732.

Prayers.

VaniaAtont' rV 1H E House being informed? that Mr. , from

with JL the Treasury, attended at the Door, he was called amar ' in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, Copies of Warrants for applying the Deductions made out of the Money granted by Parliament for the Pay of the Hejfian Troops, towards making up to the King of Denmark the Difference between Dant/h and Hamburgh Money, on the Subsidies, payable by France to the Crown of Denmark.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to beperufed by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Pnke's An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act BJUte. for advancing and applying Fourthouland Pounds, Part

of the Portion of Dame Anne Wife of Sir Francis

Henry Drake, Baronet, and for leafing out certain Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Devon, for Lives, according to the Custom of the Country, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendment, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. CopJeston do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with an Amendment; to which Amendment this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Thurston and Mr. Burroughs:

Mr. Speaker,

Bill; The Loras have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Tax. for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raisedin Great Britain, (or the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-two, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Growing Mr. Alderman Perry (according to Order) reported Coffee in from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it 'lantxtioM. was refcrretj to consider of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Planters of, and Merchants trading to, the Island of Jamaica, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and others, concerned in the said Island, was referred, the Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That towards the encouraging the growing of Coffee in the British Plantations, the inland Duty, payable on all such Coffee, be no more than Eighteen Pence for each Pound, after the 25th Day of March, 1735, and to continue for Four Years.

The laid Resolution being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill upon the said Resolution; and that Sir Charles , Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. W Sir William Tonge, Mr.

Scrofe, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Mr. Doddington, Sir Geo. Oxenden, and Captain do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

Hessian Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pur-Troops. suant to their Address to his Majesty, Books, containing, Vot. 21.

Copy of the Establishment of the 12,000 Men of the Hessian Forces, which were in the Pay of Great Britain in the Year 1727, and of the Warrant for Deductions to be made therefrom; and also.

Copy of the Establishment of the Men of the

Hessian Forces, which were in the Pay of Great Britain in the Year 1728, and of the Warrant for Deductions to be made therefrom; and also.

Copy of the Establishment of the 12,000 Men of the Hessian Forces, which were in the Pay of Great Britain in the Year 1729, and of the Warrant for Deductions to be made therefrom; and also.

Copy of the Establishment of the 12,000 Men of the Hessian Forces, which were in the Pay of Great Britain in the Year 1730, and of the Warrant for Deductions to be made therefrom; and also.

Copy of the Establishment of the 12,000 Men of the Hessian Forces, which were in the Pay of Great Britain in the Year 1731, and of the Warrant for Deductions to be made therefrom.

And the Titles of the said Books were read.

Ordered, That the said Books do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Books are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Captain Vernon presented to the House (according to Woollen Order) a Bill to render more effectual an Aftypafled in Manuflftures' the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act to prevent the " Exportation of Wool out of the Kingdoms of Ireland " and England into foreign Parts, and for the Encouragement of the Woollen Manufactures in the Kingdom of England," so far as the said Act relates to the Exportation of Woollen Manufacturesout of into

foreign Parts; and for the repeal of a Clause in an Act, made in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act for " continuing several Laws therein mentioned, and for " explaining the Act to prevent the Exportation of " Wool out of the Kingdom of Ireland and England into " foreign Parts, and for the Encouragement of the " Woollen Manufactures in the Kingdom of England,* whereby Leave was given to every Mariner, nr Passenger, on board any Ship, to furnish himself with the Woollen Manufactory of Ireland, to the Amount of Forty Shillings: And the same was received, and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for continuing an Act, of the Eleventh Year Disarming of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for more the Highland* 0 effectual disarming the Highlands in that Part of Great Scotland. " Britain called Scotland, and for the better securing the " Peace and Quiet of that Part of the Kingdom," was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to General Wade,

Mr. Thomas Tower, Sir Wm. Yonge, Mr. Mr.

Dundafs, Lord Advocate, Mr. Wyndham, Mr. James Pelham, Colqnel Berkeley, Colonel Fane, Brigadier Mr. Vane, Mr. Doddington, Mr. Lowther, Colonel Selwyn,

Major Selwyn, Lord Malpas, Mr. Thompson, of Fork, Mr.

Byng, Mr. Robert Byng, Mr. Duncombe, Mr. Whitworth,

Mr. Clayton, Mr. Longueville, Sir Charles Hot ham. Sir Robert Clifton, Colonel Handafyde, Sir Charles Turner,

Mr. Leheup, Mr. Crispe, Lord Gage, General Rosse, Mr.

Plumtre, Mr. Orlebar, Sir Henry Gough, Colonel Montague, Sir Thomas Afion, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Colonel

Onslow, Lord Vere Beauclerk, Colonel Middleton, Mr.

Campbell, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Arundel/, Mr.

CroJJ'e, Mr. Ongley, Captain Vernon, Captain Kemyfs,

Colonel Cope; and all the Members, that serve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into

10 L Consideration

30° Martii. 1732.

D.twotuater* Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom £tt<tc all the Books, Instruments. and Papers, relating to the Sale of the Estate of James, late Earl of Dement water, which have been presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders, were referred;

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, do go with the Mace into and

into the Court of Requests, and Places adjacent, and famroon the Members there, to attend the Service of the House,

And he went accordingly:

And being returned;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration.

And the same was read.

The said Report,' and the Appendix thereto,- being printed by Order of the House, a printed Copy thereof is. bound up in.a Volume, containing the several printed Reports of this Session, which is preserved with the other Books, belonging to the House, and the original is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Resolutions Resolved, nemine contradicente. That it appears to this on undue House, that on the 30th of July, 1723, Matthew White, Practices of Esquire, was declared the Purchaser of an Annuity of £ 200. during the Life of Charles Radcliffe, issuing out of the Estate of James, late Earl of Derwentwater, with all the Arrears thereof from his Attainder, for £. 1,201. 1 s. without due Notice of Time or Place for exposing such Annuity to Sale, and without the Presence of a sufficient Number of Commissioners and Trustees, as required by die Ad, appointing such Commissioners and Trustees.

Rejclved, nemine contradicente, That it appears to this House, that William Smith, Esquire, did on the 1 ith Day of July 1723, for the Consideration of £. 1,060. contract for an Estate of James, late Earl of ,mentioned in a Particular, published by the said Commissioners and Trustees, to be of the annual Value of 5,013. subject to the Annuities and Incumbrances in the said Particular mentioned, and to be sold, during the Continuance of an Estate in Tail Male, verted in Charles Radcliffe in Remainder, Expedant on the Death of John Radcliffe under Age, and without Issue Male; which Contract: was on the 30th of the same July vacated, and torn out of the Book of Contracts, and a new one then procured, and dated as on the Eleventh, by which the said William Smith not only obtained the said Remainder in Tail, but also the Reversion in Fee, of the said Estate, for the same Sum of £. 1,060. although a sufficient Number of Commissioners and Trustees, as required by Act of Parliament, was not present, either on tire nth or 30th of the said July, nor had any Notice been given of exposing to Sale the Reversion in Fee of the said Estate.

Resolved, nemine contradicente. That it appears to this House, that Matthew Whi, and William Esquire,

were present on the 30th of the said July, when Samuel Allen, Secretary of the said Commissioners and Trustees, signed the Names of Sir Thomas Hales and Sir John Eyles to the respective pretended Contracts, made with the said White and Smith on the said 30th of , when no Commissioner and Trustee, but Denis Bond, Esquire, and John Birch, Serjeant at Law, were present.

Resolved, nemine contradicente. That the con trading for the Sale of the aforesaid Estates by aless Number of Commissioners and Trustees, than Four, and the not giving Fifteen Days Notice, at lead, of such Sales, was a manifest Violation of the Act of Parliament for the Sale of the said Estates, highly injurious to the Publick, and a notorious Breach of the Trust, reposed in such Commissioners and Trustees.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to declare and make void the several Contracts, and the Conveyances make in pursuance thereof, of the Estate of the late Earl of Derwentwater to William Smith, Esquire, and also the Annuity of£. 200. with the Arrears, during the Life of Charles Radcliffe, to Matthew White, Esquire; and that the Lord Gage, Mr. the Master of the Rolls, Mr. Attorney-general, Mr. Mr.

Fazakerley, and Mr. Glanvil, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Resolved, nemine contradicente, That any Commissioner and Trustee, appointed by the said Act of Parliament, directing, or permitting, the Secretary of the Commission, or any other Person, to sign the Name of any absent Commissioner and Trustee, in order to make up the Number of Commissioners and Trustees, required by the said Act to any Sale, Contract, or other Proceedings, is guilty of a Violation of the said Act, and a high Breach of Trust;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That any absent Commissioner and Trustee, appointed by the said Act, impoweringany Person to sign his Name for him, in order to make up the Number of Commissioners and Trustees, required by the said Act to any Sale, Contract, or other Proceedings, under the said Act, is guilty of a Violation of the said Act, and a high Breach of Trust;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " any Sale, Contract, or other,".and, instead thereof, inserting these Words, " Matters of Form in;"

And the Question being put. That the Words " any " Sale, Contract, or other," stand Part of the Question;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas, j }

Tellers for be Noes.j^.

So it passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put. That the Words Matters of Form in," be inserted instead thereof;

' It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Word " Violation," and, instead thereof, inserting the Words *c great Irregularity " in the Execution

And thje Quftion being put. That the Word " Violation" stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words " great " Irregularity in the Execution" be inserted instead thereof;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for The Ycss^f- ]

Tellers for the Noes,^r } ''

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out these Words, " and a high

Breach of Trust :"

And the Question being put, That those Words stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Question, lb amended, being put;

Resolved, That any absent Commissioner and Trustee, appointed by the said Act of Parliament, impoweringany Person to sign his Name for him, in order to make up the Number of Commissioners and Trustees, required by the said Act, to Matters of Form in Proceedings under the said Act, is guilty of great Irregularity in the Execution of the said Act.

And some Parts of the said Report having relation to Denis Bond, Esquire, a Member of this House;

He was heard in his Place: And then he withdrew.

Resolved, That Denis Bond, Esquire, a Member of this House, is guilty of a notorious Breach of Trust, reposed in him, as a Commissioner and Trustee for Sale of the forfeited Estates for the Use of the Publick.

Resolved,

C

Members

ftcpelied.

Member to be

rimanded.

5 Geo. II. 3o°^-3T

Resolved, nemine contradicente, That the said Denis Bond, Esquire, be, for his laid Offence, expelled this House.

And some Parts of the said Report having relation to John Birch, Serjeant at Law, a Member of this House;

He was heard in his Place: And then he withdrew.

Resolved, That John Birch Serjeant at Law, a Member of this House, is guilty of a notorious Breach of Trull, repoled in him, as a Commissioner and Trullee for Sale of the forfeited F.states for the Use of the Publick.

Resolved, That the said John Birch, Serjeant at Law, be, for his said Offence, expelled this House.

And some Parts of the said Report having relation to Sir John Eyles, Baronet, a Member of this House;

He was heard in his Place: And then he withdrew.

And the Recital of a Conveyance, entered in a Book, belonging to the said Commissioners and Trustees, was read.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed. That Sir John Eyles, Baronet, a Member of this House, is guilty of a notorious Breach of Trull, reposed in him, as a Commissioner and Trullee for Sale of the forfeited EHates for the Use of the Publick;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words "notorious Breach " of Trull, reposed in him," and, inllead thereof, inserting these Words, ‘‘great Irregularity

And the Question being put. That the Words " noto- rious Breach of Trull, reposed in him," Hand Part of the Question;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers } ,4

Tellcrs for the Noes,^; } '»

So it passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put. That the Words great " Irregularity" be inserted inllead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by adding, at the End thereof, these Words,

by impowering Mr. Samuel Allen, Secretary of the " Commissioners and Trustees for the Sale of the said " Estates, to sign his, the said Sir John Eyles's, Name,

" when absent, in order to make up the Number of " Commissioners and Trustees, required by Act of Parliamentto Matters of Form in Proceedings under the " said Act:"

And the Question being put. That those Words be added at the End of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the Question, so amended, being put;

Resolved, That Sir John Eyl, Baronet, a Member of this House, is guilty of a great Irregularity, as a Commissioner and Trullee for Sale of the forfeited Estates for the Use of the Publick, by impowering Mr. Samuel Allen, Secretary of the Commissioners and Trustees for the Sale of the said Estates, to sign his, the said Sir John Eyles's, Name, when absent, in order to make up the Number of Commissioners and Trustees, required by Act of Parliament to Matters of Form in Proceedings under the said Act.

Ordered, That Sir John Eyles be, for his said Offence, reprimanded in his Place by Mr. Speaker.

And it being then after Twelve of the Clock at Night;

Ordered, That Sir John Eyles do attend this House in his Place this Morning, at Eleven of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Nine of the Clock, this Friday Morning.

Vol. SI. 17

Martii. 871

Veneris, 310 die Martii;

Anno 50 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1732.

PR A YE fe S.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr. Burroughs t Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to impower Sir Robert Fumeje, Baronet, to transfer and pay unto Richard Edgcumbt, Esquire, certain Government Securities, and Money, therein mentioned, and for settling Lands, of equal Value, upon the same Trulls j to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Lands and Estates, in the Counties of Stafford, Leicester, Rutland, and Northampton, late the Estates of Sir Eusebius Bujwell, Baronet, deceased, in Trustees,

to be sold, for the Payment of his Debts; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also. The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing and dividing a common Pasture Ground, called Momes Leaze, situate and lying in the Parish of alias Pirton, in the county of ; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for supplying a Defect in a Conveyance, lately made by Charles Lloyd, senior, and Sarah, his Wife, and Charley Lloyd, junior, and Jane his Wife, and for the Sale of certain Lands in the County of Montgomery, for railing Three thousand Pounds, and Six hundred Pounds, and for other the Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also. The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for felling Part of the Estate of Joseph Gace, Esquire, for discharging several Debts and Incumbrances affecting the fame; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to impower Sir Robert Furneje, Baronet, to transfer and pay unto Richard Edgcumbe, Esquire, certain Government Securities, and Money, therein mentioned, and for settling Lands, of equal Value, upon the same Trulls, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Comptroller presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

Copy of Lord Polwarth's Act of the Guaranty of SleJ-wick, 23d July, 1720, and Translation: And also, Extracts of Lord Glenorchy's Letters to Lord jhend, o{ the 22d February and 4th March, 172-f; and also,

Extract of Lord TownJhencTs Letter to Lord,

of the 10 th March, 172-f; and also,

Extract of Lord Glenorchy's Letter, of 11th,

172^, to Lord Townshend; and also,

Extract of Lord Glenorchy's Letter to Lord Townshend, of the 5th April, 1727, inclosing an Extract of Monsieur Von Hagen's Answer; and Translation: And also, Extract of Lord Townshend's Letter to Lord Glenorchy, of the 4th April, 1727; and also,

Extract of Lord Glenorchys Letter to Lord Townshend, 8 th April, 1727; and also,

Extract of Lord TozvnJhencTs Letter to Lord Glenorchy, of the £ ith April, 1727; artd also,

Extracts of Lord Glenorchy's Letters to Lord Townshend, of the 16th and 29th April, 1727:

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers be now read.

And the same were read accordingly.

Ordered,

Fumefe's

Estate.

BufwelPs

Estates*

Puriton

Inclosure.

Lloyd's, &c; Estate.

Gace's

Estate.

Fumefe'i

Estate.

Transafiions

with

Denmark.

87a

3I0 Mar tit.

A. i7ji.

Rebuilding

Tiverton

Town.

Ordered, That the said Papers be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The said Papers are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Application Eefolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

of Sinking ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole un House, to consider of the Application of the growing Produce of the Sinking Fund.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, according to the Prayer of the Petition, presented to this House, of Hie Mayor, capital Burgesses, and Assistants, Merchants, and other principal Inhabitants, of the Borough of ‘Tiverton, in the County of that they do make Provision in the said Bill, for the better and more easy rebuilding of the said Town, and for determining Differences touching Houses and Buildings, burnt down, and demolished, by reason of the late dreadful Fire there.

Home-made Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this Spirit*. House, an Account of the Produce of the Duty on homemade Spirits, for Seven Years last past.

York Cloth ‘ Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, Manufacture. wjw arc app0inted to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, or Bills, pursuant to several Resolutions of the House on this Day Sevennight, that they do make Provision for explaining, and making more effectual, an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act for the better regu-w lating the Manufacture of Cloth in the West Riding " of the County of York*'

Fraudulent Sale of Der-weotwater's Eftaie;

A Member reprimanded.

Sir John Eyles attending in his Place (according to Order) Mr. Speaker called upon him by his Name: And Sir John Eyles {landing up in his Place, uncovered, Mr. Speaker, fitting in the Chair, covered, spoke to him to the Effect following:

Sir John Ey/es,

The House have come to a Resolution, That you are guilty of a great Irregularity, as a Commissioner and Trustee for Sale of the forfeited Estates for the Use of the Publick, by impowering Mr. Samuel Allen, Secretary of the Commissioners and Trustees for the Sale of the said Estates, to sign your Name, when absent, in order to make up the Number of Commissioners and Trustees, required by Act of Parliament to Matters of Form in Proceedings under the said Act:

And-have imposed a Command upon me, which is the only one, I can truly say, that I ever received with any Uneasiness in the Place I now fit, not from any Doubt of the Justice of the Command, nor from any Unwilling-ness in me to obey an Order of the House, but because you, Sir, are unfortunately the Subject of it, for whom I have always had the greatest personal Regard.

The Offence, you are guilty of, having come within the Notice of the House, it was impossible it should escape their Censure, as it had a Reference to a Trust re-posed in you; reposed by Parliament, the highest and most sacred Authority, any Subject of this Kingdom can aft under; and with a particular Confidence in you, and the others joined with you, because of the Relation you bore to the Parliament; a Trust of great Importance, and which required great Pains in, and Attention to, it; and for that a very considerable Recompence was assigned to you out of the publick Treasure. The Recompence, Sir, you enjoyed; but the Pains and Attention expected from you, you failed in; and illegally delegated your Trust, in Instances, where a false and fraudulent Use has been made of it. But, happy for you, Sir, it appears to the House, to have been a Matter, rather of evil Example, than of evil Intention; for which Reason the Resolutions of the House, on this Occasion, have a Mixture of Justice and Mercy; and, as your Offence will always justify the Censure of the House, let it be your Care, Sir,

that your future Behaviour always justify their Lenity:

Let the Justice of the House make you fear, and the Clemency of the House make it a Matter of Sorrow in you, to offend again.

This Sense, 1 persuade myself, you will have of the Judgment the House has passed upon you; which is, That I reprimand you for your said Offence: — And Ido reprimand you accordingly.

Whereupon Sir John Eyles said.

Sir,

I am very much ashamed of an Offence, that has drawn upon me the Animadversion and Censure of this House; an Offence, which, at the Time of committing it,

I had scarce an Idea of being subject to Blame for. I an now made truly sensible of it; and the strong and lively Colours in which you. Sir, have drawn it, will be to me an everlasting Memento of future Caution.

The Judgment, the House has passed upon me, I endure with a dutiful Sub million; and you, Sir, having shewn that Tenderness and Humanity, which is agreeable to your Nature, in your kind and indulgent Manner of pronouncing it, and thereby, in feme Degree, abated its Rigour, I cannot but express my grateful and sincere Acknowledgements to yourself, and also to the House, for their Favour, in not carrying this Censure to any further Consequence.

Resolved, nemine contradicente. That the Thanks of this Wc$ House be given to the Lord Viscount Gage, a Member of this House, for the great Service he hath done the Publick, in detesting the fraudulent Sale of certain forfeited Estates of James, late Earl of Derwentwater, and of a forfeited Annuity, issuing out of the fame, which were vested in Commissioners and Trustees, to be sold for the pfeblick Use.

And Mr. Speaker gave him the Thanks of the House accordingly, as follows:

My Lord Gage,

The House have come to an unanimous Resolution, That the Thanks of the House be given to your Lordship, for the great Service you have done the Publick, in detesting the fraudulent Sale of certain forfeited Estates of James, late Earl of Derwentwater, and of 1 forfeited Annuity, issuing out of the fame, which were vested in Commissioners and Trustees, to be sold for the publick Use.

And the Manner of your Lordship's making this DiP covery, has shewn your disinterested Regard to the publick Service, as the Effect of it may be greatly to the publick Benefit.

The applying the forfeited Estates to the Use of the Publick being one of the principal Reasons for making it thereby impossible, they should ever be given back to the unfortunate Families, they once belonged to, the House of Commons could not, without Uneasiness, think of this pretended Sale, which has thrown into private Hands, no ways allied to the Estate, Co large a Share of Profit, due to the Publick, with a very low, and almost the bare Appearance only of a, Consideration for one Part, and not so much as even that for another.

But your Lordship's seasonable Detection of this injurious Transaction will very likely produce Justice and Restitution to the Publick; and for this Service your Lordship is now receiving a Reward, that, I an answer for your Lordship, you esteem among the greatest, and most honourable, you can acquire, and which, my Lord, will not only, remain with you, but will derive a lading Honour to those who may come after you:

An Honour, my Lord, the House has always beeo most tender of in the Way, and for the Reason, they confer it upon you, and, if I may use the Expression, is a Sort of Bounty, they have ever been most frugal of granting. Few are the Instances of it: Not, that publick Services have not frequently been performed, but, that the Thanks of the House of Commons are never given

for

Ni

C!

D

h

t'

5 Geo. II.

310 Martii.

873

for publick Services, but what are the most eminent, such as that, which your Lordship has lately done the State.

Iam very conscious, how imperfectly I have conveyed the Senfc of the House to your Lordship; but the having no Time to prepare myself for it must be my Excuse. I will only add,

Ordered, That Sir Edmund , of have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Four of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly:

And an ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for making effectual an Agreement between Sir Ralph

Hare1*

Estate.

That no one could with morePleafure obey the Order and his Brothers, for railing Money upon Part of

of the House on this Occasion, than I do, which is, to his entailed Estate, and for settling other Estates, not

entailed, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Edmund Bacon, Lord Micklethwaite, Lord Sir Robert

Kemp, Mr. LongueviUc, General Sir Robert,

Sir Jermin Dovers, Sir Geo. , Captain Vernon,

Mr. Vyiter, Sir John Williams, Mr. Lifter, Sir Roger Meredith, Mr. Heathcote, Sir John , Mr. Colonel

Read, Mr. Cracherode, Mr. Walcot, Captain , Mr. Peirce, Mr. Earl, Mr. Scrope, Sir Tho. Saunderson, Sir Charles Wager, Mr. Danvers, Sir Wm. Sir Wm.

;ive your Lordship the Thanks of the House, for your [aid Service to the Publick: And I do give your Lord*

ship the Thanks of the House accordingly.

Whereupon the Lord Gage spoke to the Effect following; viz.

Mr. Speaker,

This fudaen and unexpected Honour hath put me into lo great a Consulion, that I never was more at a Loss for Words to express myself, than now. All I can say, Sir, is, to allure you, and the House, that 1 had no

other View in promoting this Enquiry, than to discharge Colonel Selwyn, Mr. Mr Mr.

the Trust, my Country has reposed in me, by detecting, Mr. Leveson Gower, Mr. Watkyn Williams

as far as I was able a Fraud, injurious to the Publick. w Ga Mr Ful/er> Mr Alderman

And, since the House has been pleased to distingu.fh pars Mf p^ Mr Mr Kni ht> Mr. Cho!.

my poor Service in a Manner, so far beyond what it de- Townshend, Sir Robert Rich, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir

served, or I could have expected, their Approbation of charUs furn^ Mr> Mr. Mr. Kemp, Mr.

my Behaviour in this particular Instance will, 1 hope, so SftiUtleworth, Mr. Digby, Sir Wm. Wyndham, Mr. York, influence my future Conduct in all others, as may con- Mr# Cr#> Mr. Mr. Leheup, Mr. Lyster, Mr.

vince them, that I shall make it my constant Endeavour % Jr Mr Baton. and al] the Members

to merit the Honour, they have done me on this Occasion. th't serve for the Counties of and Suffolk:

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Seven of the whom all the Books, Instruments, and Papers, relating Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber, to the Sale of the Estate of James, late Earl of Derwent

Call of the House.

Supply.

Neri* and St. Christophera Debentures.

Prefenration

water, were referred, with the Appendix thereunto, and the Proceedings of the House thereupon, be printed; and that Mr. Speaker do appoint the printing thereof; and that no Person, but such, as he shall appoint, do presume to print the fame.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned till Tuesday Fortnight, the 18th of April next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Elias Turner, and Company, and Lewis Lacoude, on behalf of themselves, and such others, as are in their Cafe, was referred, be taken into Confide ration upon Tuesday next, at Twelve of the Clock.

Ordered, That Sir William Yonge have Leave to make Rebuilding

a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly:

And the Bill for the better and mere easy rebuilding of the Town of Tiverton, in the County of Devon, and for determining Differences touching Houses, and Buildings, burnt down, or demolished, by reason of the late dreadful Fire there, and for the better preventing Dangers from Fire for the future, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Sandys have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly:

And an ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Aifl for rectifying some Mistakes in a Settlement, made by John Congreve, Esquire, and vesting his Seat and Estate in Stretton, in the County of Stafford, in Trustees, to be sold for the better clearing his Debts, for which his

Tiverton Town.

Coogrevc'i Ell ate.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the eldest Son stands engaged, and purchasing another Estate,: of T"Pik* whole House, to whom the Bill to explain, amend, and more suitable to the Occasions of his Family, to be render more effectual, an A<ff, passed in the First Year settled in lieu thereof was read a Second time, of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for That the Bill be committed to Mr. Sandys,

" punishing such Persons, as shall wilfully and maliciously Lord Micklethwaite, Lord Palmer [Ion, Sir Robert Kemp, " pull down or destroy Turnpikes, the repairing High- Mr. Longueville, General Wade, Sir Robert Clifton, Sir ways; or Locks, or other Works, erected by Autho- Jermin Davers, Sir Geo. Saunders, Captain Vernon, Mr. " rityof Parliament, for making Rivers navigable," ... . Viner, Sir Williams, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr.

be received upon Tuesday Morning next, at Eleven of Lifter, Sir Roger Meredith, Mr. Heathcote, Sir John the Clock.

Committee*. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Weobly

Writ.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the

Eyles, Mr. Tucker, Colonel , Mr. Cracherode, Mr. Walcott, Captain Baker, Mr. Pierce, Mr. Earle, Mr. Scrope, Sir Tho. Saunderson, Sir Charles Wager, Mr. Danvers, Sir Wm. Yonge, Sir Wm. Clayton, Colonel Selwyn, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Bramston, Mr.

Rebuilding

Tivertou

Town.

electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for Leveson Gower, Mr. atkyn Williams , Lord Gage,

the Borough of Weobly, in the County of Hereford, in the Mr. Price, Mr. , Mr. Alderman , Mr.

room of John Birch, Serjeant at Law, expelled this Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Knight, Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr.

House. Sir Robert Rich, Sir Tho. Lee, ir Charles

Turner, Mr. Clutter buck, Mr. Gape, Mr. Kemp, Mr. Shut-Sir William Yonge presented to the House (according to tleworth, Mr. Digby, Sir Wyndham, Mr. York, Mr. Order) a Bill for the better and more easy rebuilding of Crofte, Mr. Heron, Mr. Leheup, Mr Ceefar, Mr. Lyster, Mr. the Town of Tiverton, in the County of Devon, and for Mr. j and all the Members that serve for determining Differences touching Houses, and Buildings, the Counties of Stafford, Salop, Warwick, Worcester, and burnt down, or demolished, by reason of the latedreadiul Derby: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Seven Fire there, r.nd for the better preventing Dangers from of the Clock, in the Speake;'s Chamber.

Fire for the future; and the same was received.

xo M ' Ordered,

Committees.

G tee's

Estate.

Committees.

Disarming the Highlands of Scotland.

York

Cloth Manu-fadtre.

Poole Writ.

Supply Bill; Duties on Salt, fee.

Importing foreign Hops into Ireland.

874 310 Martti\ — $° . 1731

Ordered \That all Committees which were to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber, do meet there this Afternoon at Seven of the Clock.

Ordered, That Mr. Finer have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly:

And an ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for felling Part of the Estate of Gace, Esquire, for discharging several Debts and Incumbrances affecting the fame, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Luxes, 30 die Aprilis;

Anno 5 Georgii IIdl Regis, 1732.

Prayers.

GENERA L Wade reported from the Committee,.

to whom the Bill for continuing an Act, of the Eleventh Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual disarming the Highlands, " in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for the " better securing the Peace and Quiet of that Part of the " Kingdom," ..... that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the Report was read; and the Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Merchants, and Clothiers, Makers of Kerseys, Plains, and other narrow Cloths, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; complaining, that by a Clause in an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, intituled, An Act for the better regulating the " Manufacture of Cloth in the West Riding of the County of York," the Makers of narrow Cloths were restrained from making broad Cloths, though the broad Clothiers are allowed to make narrow Cloths: And therefore praying, that Provision may be made by the Bill for the Continuance of the said Act, for restoring the narrow Clothiers to their ancient Privilege of making broad Cloths, or any other Cloth, and for preventing the Distress, which they will inevitably be exposed to, if not relieved by a Repeal of the said Clause, or by such other Means, as to the House shall seem fit.

Ordered That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of me Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Poole, in the County of Dorset, in the room of Denis Bond, Esquire, expelled this House.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and Mr. Allen:

M r. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for reviving the Duties on Salt, for the Term therein mentioned, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for importing from his Majesty's " Plantations in America, directly into Goods,

*5

" not enumerated in any Act of Parliament,' so far as the said Act relates to the Importation of foreign Hops into Ireland, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Loa*.'i for providing a Recompence to Sir Thomas Lombe, for discovering, and introducing, the Arts of making and working the Three capital Italian Engines for making organzine Silk, and for preserving the Invention, for the Benefit of this Kingdom, without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Ink for exchanging, inclosing, and reducing into Severalty, several common Fields, common Meadows, and wane Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Little Kineton, in the County of Warwi, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendment made by Onto this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for advancing and applying Four thousand Pounds, Part of the Portion of Dame Anne Drake, Wife of Sir Francis Henry Drake, Baronet, and for leafing out certain Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Devon , for Lives, according to the Custom of the Country: And also,

The £.ords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the Exchange of the Right of PresentationtotheReftory of Wimborne Allballowes, and Vicarage of Laden, in the 4c_ County of Dorset, and for uniting the Rectories and Parishes of Wimborne St. Giles and Wimborne Allhallowes, to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act t«rmi for veiling certain Lands and Estates, in the Counties of Efa* Stafford, Leicester, Rutland, and Northampton, late the Estates of Sir Eti/ebius Bu/well Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for the Payment of his Debts, waj read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Laroche reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Church-yard of the Parish of Paddington, in the County of Middlesex, was referred; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Party concerned had given his Consent to the Bill, to die Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the Report was read; and the Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Cornwall reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An *' Act for vesting Part of the Estate of John , Esquire, in Trustees, for railing Money to discharge several Mortgages, and other Debts and Incumbrances therein mentioned, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the Report was read; and the Amendments are as follows; viz.

Press 5. L. 23. Leave out from the Word " for" to " and, " in L. 23. and insert " for replacing the Sura " of One thousand Pounds out of the Money, intended

"to

5 Geo. II. Aprilis.

to be raised by virtue of this Act, in Manner^ as is " herein after expressed."

Press 8. L. 31. Leave out from " respectively" to " and, '" in Preis 9. L. .9 and insert Clause A: Which is as follows;

A..u And it is hereby further Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, that all and every the Messuages, Farms,

« Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate* lying,

*! and being, in the Town, Parish, Fields, Precincts,

" or Territories, of Delwyn aforesaid, which are not: " herein before vested in the said and

" Jamts Davenant, and their Heirs, shall, from and after the Death of the said Mary Lamb e, bevelled in " them, the said Essex Sherbor and their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for and ‘‘ during, and unto the full End and Term of* Five hundred Years, from thence next ensuing, and fully to " be compleat and ended, upon the Trulls, and to and " for the Ends, Intents, and Purposes, herein after mentioned, expressed, and declared, of and concerning the same; and immediately from and after the End, Expiration, or other sooner Determination, rof the said Term of Five hundred Years, to, for, upon,

and subject to such and l'o many of the Uses, Estates,: " Powers, Provisoes, and Limitations, in and by the " said recited Settlement limited, created, and declared,

" of and concerning the same Premisses, as shall be " existing, undetermined, or capable of taking effect,

" other than the Power to raise Six hundred Pounds, as " aforesaid. And it is hereby declared, that the said " Term of Five hundred Years, hereby limited to the " said Essex Sherborne and Davenant, their Exe-

" cutors, Administrators, and Assigns, is to be limited to them upon Trull, that they, the said Essex

borne and James Davenant, their Executors, Admi- nillrators, and Assigns, shall and do, by and out of " the Rents, Issues, and Profits, of the same Premisses,

" to raile and levy the Annuity, or yearly Sum, of " Forty Pounds, and which said Annuity, or yearly " Sum, shall from time to time be placed out at Interest, and the principal Money, and the Interest attending the fame, shall liltewife from time to time, as the same " shall come in, and be received, be placed out at Interest, until by the Ways and Means afore-mentioned the Sum of One thousand Pounds shall be raised;

which said Sum of One thousand Pounds, immediately after the same shall be raised, shall be laid out and " applied in the Purchase of Lands, Tenements, and " Hereditaments, in Fee-simple, and the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so to be purchased, shall,

" immediately after the Purchase thereof, be settled,

" limited, arid assured, to, for, upon, and subject to,

" such and so many of the Uses, Estates, Powers, Provisoes, and Limitations, in and by the said recited

Settlement limited, created, and declared, of and concerning the Premisses, comprised in the said Term of " Five hundred Years, as shall be then existing, undetermined, or capable of taking effect, other than and " except the Power of raisingSix hundred Pounds, as " aforesaid. Provided always, that, when, and as, the " laid Sum of One thousand Pounds shall, by the Ways " and Means afore-mentioned, or otherwise, have been raised-, levied, and applied, for the Purposes aforesaid, " the said Term of Five hundred Years shall cease, determine, and be absolutely void."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question l'everally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Woollen A Bill to render more effectual an Act, passed in the lanufadure. Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intifuled, " An Act to prevent the Exportation of Wool out of the Kingdoms of Ireland and " England into foreign Parts, and for the Encourage ment of the Woollen Manufactures in the Kingdom of " England," so far as the said Act relates to the Exporta-

Vox.. 21.

tion of Woollen Manufactures out 6f Ireland into foreign Parts, and for the Repeal of a Clause in an Act, made in the Eleventh and Twelfth Yean of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act for continuing " several Laws therein mentioned, and for explaining the " Act, to prevent the Exportation of Wool out of the " Kingdoms of Ireland and England into: foreign Parts,

" and for the Encouragement of the Woollen Manufactures in the Kingdom of England" whereby Leave was given to every Mariner, and Passenger, on board any Ships, to furnish himselfwith WooHen Manufactory of Ireland,'to the Amount of forty Shillings, wris read

a Second time.;

Resolved, That the_ Bill be committed.

'Rejotved, That the BiH be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon ‘Fhurfday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.:

An; ingrossed Bill to'explain, amend, and render more Kensington effectual, an Act, passed' in the Twelfth Year of the Road*. Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled,

" An Act for repairing the Roads in the Parishes of " Kenjiugton, Chdfeai and Fulham, and other Parishes,

" in the County of Middlesexj was read the Third time.

Resolved, That tire Bill do pass; and that the Title be.

An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act

" for repairing the Roads in the Parishes of Kensington,

" Chelsea, and Fulham, and other Parishes, in the " County of Middlesex."

Ordered, That Mr . Larochedo carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Motion for Thata Committee be appointed, to inspect the Journals of ?rm'S,tf:cr!0 the Lords, and to report to this House, whether any, journal*.0 and what, Proceedings have been before the Lords, in 1 conference of an Act, passed this Session, intituled,

" An Act to encourage, and compel George Robinson,

" Esquire, and John Thompson, to appear, and produce " the Books, and discover che Effects, of the Charitable " Corporation, for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums upon Pledges, at legal Interest, and to be examined thereupon, at the Times " and Places therein mentioned i".

It passed in the Negative.

A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Charles Dalton, R0yai Assent Gentleman-ulher of the Black Rod: to Bills.

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend his Majesty immediately in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty in the House of Peers:

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, that the House had attended his Majesty in the House of Peers; and that his Majesty had been graciously pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several publick and private Bills following;

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty two:

An Act for reviving the Duties on Salt, for the TSrm therein mentioned:

An Act for the more easy Recovery of Debts in his Majesty's Plantations and Colonies in America:

An Act to explain an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for importing from his Majesty's Plantations in America, directly Into Inland,

" Goods, not enumerated in any Act of Parliament," so far as the said Act rdates to the Importation of foreign Hops into Ireland:

A Member eipelled*

tVay* and Means.

Tomkyns' Debt to the Crown.

Supply.

3° — 4° Aprilis. A. 1732.

An Act for providing a Recompence to Sir Thomas

Lombe, for discovering, and introducing, the Arts of making and working the Three capital Italian Engines for making organzine Silk, and for preserving the Invention, for the Benefit of this Kingdom:

An Act for vesting several Manors and Hereditaments, the Estate of Mountague Earl of in the Coun-

ties of Wilts, Oxon, Bucks, and Berks, in Trullees, to be sold, for railing Money to discharge Debts and Incumbrances:

An Act for Sale of the Manors of Kemble and Poole, in the County of Wilts, late the Estate of Henry Poole, Esquire, deceased, for the Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for exchanging, inclosing, and reducing into Severalty, several common Fields, common Meadows, and waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Little Kineton, in the County of Warwick:

An Act for advancing-and applying Four thousand Pounds, Part of the Portion of Dame Anne , Wife of Sir Francis Henry Drake, Baronet, and for leafing out certain Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Devon, for Lives, according to the Custom of the Country.

Resolved, nemine contradicents, That George Robinfen, Esquire, having been charged in Parliament with being privy to, and concerned in, many indirect and fraudulent Practices, in the Management of the Affairs of the Charitable Corporation, for Relief of industrious Poor, by affiffine; them with small Sums upon Pledges, at legal Interest, and with having got into his Hands very large Sums of Money, belonging to the said Corporation, and being returned a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Great Marlow, in the County of Bucks, and having never attended the Service of this House, although required so to do, is guilty of a high Contempt of the Orders and Authority of this House.

Resolved, nemine contradicente, That the said George Robinson, Esquire, be, for his said Offence, expelled this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Great Marlow, in the County of Bucks, in the room of George Robinson, Esquire, expelled this House.

The Orders of the Day being read j

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of Thomas Tomkyns.

The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, being read;

Ordered,"1 hat the Estimate of the several Sums of Money, that have become due and payable to the King of Denmark, by v irtue of his late Majesty's Declaration to that Purpose, for the Agio, or Difference, of the Subsidies payable to the Crown of Denmark, in pursuance of the Treaty between his late Britannick Majesty, the raoft Chritlian King, and the King of Denmark, dated the 16th of April >727, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of the Declaration, given by the Lord Glenorchy to the Plenipotentiaries of his Majesty, 16th April 1727, and the Tianflation thereof, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copies of Warrants for applying the Deductions made out of the Monty, granted by Parliament for the Pay of the Hessian Troops, towards making up to t he King of Denmark the Difference between Dav.ish anti Hamburgh Money, on the Subsides, payable by France to the Crown of Denmark, be referred to the duid Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of the Establishment of At

12.000 Men of the Hessian Forces, which were in At Pay of Great Britain in the Year 1727, and of the Warrant for Deductions to be made therefrom, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of the Establishment of At

12.000 Men of the Hessian Forces, which were in the Pay of Great Britain, in the Year 1728, and of the Warrant for Deductions to be made therefrom, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of the Establishment of the

12.000 Men of the Hessian Forces, which were in the Pay of Great Britain in the Year 1729, and of the Warrant for Deductions to be made therefrom, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of the Establishment of the

12.000 Men of the Hessian Forces, which were in the Pay of Great Britain in the Year 1730, and of the Warrant for Deductions to be made therefrom, be referred to Ac said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of the Establishment of the

12.000 Men of the Hessian Forces, which were in the Pay of Great Britain in the Year 1731, and of the Warrant for Deductions to be made therefrom, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of the Treaty between Grot Britain, France, and Denmark, dated at Copenhagen the 16th of April 1727, and the Copy of the separate and secret Articles, belonging to the said Titaty, dated at Copenhagen the x 6th of April 1727, presented to this House the 12th Day of 1727, be referred to

the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Lift of the reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, entitled to receive Half-pay in Great Britain, with an Estimate of the Charge thereof, for the Year 173a* be referred to Ae said Committee.

Ordered That the Lift of the Widows of such reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, who died upon the Establishment of Half-pay in Great Britain, and who. were married to them before the 25th Day of December 1716, with an Estimate of the Charge thereof for the Year 1732, and the Supplement to the said Lift and Estimate, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Buildings, Rebuild-ings, and Repairs, of Ships, for the Year 1732, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Surplusses, flated at Lady-Jay 1731, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Surplusses, flated at Michathus 1731, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 40;

Anno 5* Georgii TP1 Regis, 1732.

Prayers.

\N ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to impower Sir Robert Fumefe, Baronet, so trans-ter and pay unto Richard Edgecum, Esquire, certain Government Securities, and Money, therein mentioned, and for

1W

Wm

L.:

kl

4

U

a

/r-

l|' r

> 5 Geo. II. 40 Aprilis. 877

for settling Lands, of equal Value, upon the same Trulls,

' was read a Second time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed ' Mr. Treby, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Leheup, General

" Boss, Mr. Lewis, Sir Adolphus Ought on, Mr. Cunningham,

Mr. Gybbon, Sir Wm. Carew, Sir Edmund Bacon, Sir Robert Aujlen, Mr. Longu Mr. Negus, Mr. Dunbar, Mr. Thompson, of YorkMr. Fane, Mr. Hales, Mr.

Hedges, Sir John Dutton, Mr. Clutterbuck, Mr. St, John,

Sir John Barrington, Mr. War dour. Colonel Read, Mr.

Hedworth, Lord Micklet Captain Vernon, Mr. > More, Sir Robert Furnefe, Lord Vere Mr.

Plumptre, Mr. Knight, Mr. Winnington, Sir ' Thomas b Frank land, Mr. Burton, Mr. Huxley, Mr. John Campbell,

Mr. Daniel Campbell, Mr. , Mr. Tower, Mr. Bynge, Mr. Or/ebur, Mr. Furnefe, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Sam broke, Mr. Carr, Mr. Rolle, Mr. Bacon, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Copleston, Sir John Williams, Mr. Crosse, Mr. Holland, Mr, Oglethorpe, Mr. Heathcote Mr. Vernon, Mr. Ong-ley, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Dundafs, Mr. Scawen, Mr. Clayton, Sir Charles Wager, Mr. Sandys, Mr.

Williams Wynne, Mr. Lyjler; anti all the Members, that serve for the Counties of Cornwall and Southampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Seven of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

'oyds, 5cc. An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

£state. for supplying a Defect in a Conveyance, lately made by Charles Lloyd, senior, and Sarah, his Wife, and Charles Lloyd, junior, and Jane, his Wife, and for the Sale of certain Lands in the County of Montgomery, for railing Three thousand Pounds, and Six hundred Pounds, and for other the Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

.^imborne An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act . shallowe* for tjje Exchange of the Right of Presentation to the Rectory of WimborneAllhallowes, and Vicarage of Loders, in the County of Dorset, and for uniting the Redories

and Parishes of WimbornSaint Giles and Wimborne

Allhallowes, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

rangewrys' Mr. Palmer reported from the Committee, to whom Estate. ingross'e(j Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for

making Leal'es of the Estate, late of Thomas Strangeways,

, Esquire, and Elizabeth, late Duchels of Hamilton, his

Sister (both deceased) and for applying the Money, arising the reby, for the Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the dime to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and the Parties concerned had given their Contents to the lame, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Palmer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

litchell'* Mr. Compton reported from the Committee, to whom ElUte. the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Estate of Thomas Mitchell, deceased, lying in the County of Warwick, for Payment of the Debts charged thereupon, and for making Provision for his Widow, and Infant Children.was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill; and the Parties concerned had given their Consents to tire fame, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill' Vox.. 21.

to the House, without any Amendment: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's 1 able.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Cace'* for felling Part of the Estate of Joseph Gace, Esquire, for difenarging several Debts and Incumbrances affecting the fame, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Vyner,

Mr. Compton, Mr. Treby, Lord Micklethwaite, Lord Gage,

Mr. Brooksbank, Colonel Selwyn, Mr. Plumptre, Mr.

Longueville, Mr. Fane, Mr. Clayton, Colonel Onslow, Sir George Saville, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Hedworth, Mr.

Hales, Mr. Fox, Sir Henry Gough, Lord, Harvey, Mr.

Campbell, Mr. Pigott, Sir Wm. Wentworth, Mr. Joseph

Battkes, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. CroJJ'e, Mr. Bacon, Air.

Palmer, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Sambrooke, Mr. Copleflon, Sir John Williams, Mr. Holland, Mr. Oglethorpe, Sir Robert Kemp, Sir JermynDavers, Mr. Heathcote, Mr. Tower, Mr.

Winnington, Mr. Scawen, Mr. Walter, Mr.

Mr. Vernon, Sir Wm. Clayton, Sir James Grant, Mr.

Wyndham, Mr. Cornwall, Colonel Pawletl, Sir Richard Lane, Sir John Hind Cotton, Lord Mr. Banks,

Mr. White, Mr. Peter Bathurst, Mr. Hugh Williams, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Watkyn Williams Wynn, Mr. LxJIer,

Mr. Burton, Mr. Annesley, Mr. Polhiand all the Members, that serve for the County of Lincoln: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Seven of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and Mr. Allen:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Manchester for repairing and amending the Road leading from the oa Town of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, through the Town of Ashtonunder Line, and the Parish of Mot tram Longdendale, and from thence to Salters

Brook, in the County Palatine of Chester, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Miir« veiling Two undivided Fourth Parts of the Manor of Estate. Greatham, and of other Ldnds and Hereditaments, in the County of of Sussex, the Estate of Barbara and

Frances Mill, Spinsters, in Trustees, to enable them to join in the Sale of the said intire Mar.or, Lands, and Hereditaments, for railing Portions for them, and their Two Sifters; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a a Bill, intituled, An Act for Gerard's Sale of Part of the Estate of Sir Wm. Gerard, Baronet, a estate. Lunatick, for Payment of his Debts, and other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers v* ithdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Mitchell'* for the Sale of the Estate of Thomas Mitchell, deceased, Estate-lying in the County of Warwick, for Payment of the Debts charged thereupon, and for making Provision for his Widow, and Infant Children, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Compton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fsme, without any Amendment.

Mt. Thomas Tower presented to the House, according Persons to Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in £?'nKfan?15<* the Ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King 'n 1®UI*' George the First, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual punishing wicked and evil disposed Persons, going " armed in Dilguite, and doing Injuries and Violences <r to the Persons and Properties of his Majesty's Subjects,

" and for the more speedy bringing the Offenders to " Justice;" and the same was received.

10 N An

878

4° — 5° Aprilis.

A. 1754.

Scarborough

Harbour.

Supply.

Aa ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Pier and Harbour of Scarborough, in the County of York, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act to enlarge the Pier and Harbour of Scarborough, in the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary at War do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Charles lumer, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were read, and areas follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-two thousand Six hundred and Ninety-four Pounds, Seven Shillings, and Six Pence, be granted to his Majesty, to make good and complete the Agio, or Difference, of the Subsidies, payable to the Crown of Denmark, in pursuance of his late Majesty's Declaration, dated the 16th of April 1727.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Forty-one thousand Three hundred Forty-six Pounds, One Shilling, and One Peny Three Farthings, be granted to his Majesty, for making good the Deficiency of the General Fund.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Fifty-eight thousand Six hundred and Eighty-eight Pounds, Two Shillings, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, for reduced Officers of his Majesty *s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1732,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand Nine hundred and Sixty-two Pouads, be granted to his Majesty, for paying of Pensions to the Widows of such reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, as died upon the Establishment of Half-pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the 25 th Day of December 1716, for the Year 1732.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Sixty thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, for the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs, of his Majesty's royal Navy, for the Year 1732.

The First of the said Resolutions being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Resolution, by inserting, after the Word " these Words, " by the French King.*'

And the Question being put, That those Words be there inserted;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth

an Act, made in the Second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for laying a Duty upon compound Waters, or Spirits, and for licensing the " Retailers thereof."

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Excise do lay before this House, the Amount of the Duties arising from home-made Spirits, for Five Years, ending at ChriJIm last, distinguishing each Year, and distinguishing also the Duties, paid upon simple, and upon compound, Spirits.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of Excise do lay before this House, the Amount of the Duties, which have arisen by the licensing of the Retailers of compound Spirits.

Mr. Alderman Barnard reported from the Committee, H*

to whom the Bill to prevent the Exportation of Hats out J

of any of the Colonies or Plantations in America, and to restrain the Number of Apprentices, taken by the Hat-makers in the said Plantations, and for the better encouraging the making of Hats in Great Britain, was committed; that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made foveral Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk'sTable; where the Report was read; and several of the Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the further Confederation of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Colonel Berkeley reported from the Committee of the whole Houfo, to whom the Bill to explain, amend, and rfT^ll, render more effectual, an Act, paised in the First Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for " punishing such Persons, as shall wilfully and mah- ciously pull down or destroy Turnpikes, for repairing Highways; or Locks, or other Works, erected by " Authority of Parliament, for making Rivers navigable," ..... the Amendments, made by the Committee to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

prJ«

tfl

Jffcct

fi»<

Ka

A*

tnci

ifut

Pain

Vi

It

Tellers forth. Noes.j ?ir R°bt"

48.

*37.

j Mr. Huxley So it paiLed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-two thousand Six hundred and Ninety-four Pounds, Seven Shillings, and Six Pence, be granted to his Majesty, to make good and complete the Agio, or Difference, of the Subsidies, payable to the Crown of Denmark, in pursuance of his late Majesty's Declaration, dated the 16th of April 1727.

The rest of the said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That this Houfo will, upon Thursday Seven night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for making Process in the Courts of Equity effectual against Persons, who abscond, and cannot be served therewith, or who refuse to appear.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Ntwi whom the Petition of Elias Turner, and Company, and LewisLacoude, on behalf of themselves, and such others, as are in their Cafe, was referred, be taken into Consideration upon Thursday Morning next, at Eleven of the Clock.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thtrjdoy Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole I 1f Houfo, to consider of the Petition of I

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriit 50 Aprilis; Anno 5* Georgii IF* Regis, 173 a. Prayers.

Duty «a Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Seven-compouod night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, p,n<s‘ to consider of the Duty, laid upon compound Spirits by was read the Third time.

AN ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Church-yard of the M&pl Parish of Paddington, in the County of Middltjcs,

Rtfobxi,

; 3roitwich Writ.

Icbuiltling liver too TfrWilr

Warming Highland* . rJ Scotland.

i -

m\\

Estate.

Hat

aaufacture.

5 Geo. 11.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Church-yard of the Parish of Paddington, in the County of

Ordered, That Mr. Laroche do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Bureefs, to serve in this present Parliament for tire Borough or Droitwich, in the County of in

the room of Richard Foley, Esquire, deceased.

A Bill for the better and more easy rebuilding of the Town of Tiverton, in the County of , and for determining Differences touching Houses, and Buildings, burnt down, or demolished, by reason of the late dreadful Fire there, and for the better preventing Dangers from Fire for the future, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Thomson, Mr. Cunningham, Sir Geo. Saville, Sir Wm. Tongt, Sir Jermyn Dovers, Mr. Leathes, Mr. Mr. Butler, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. , General Ross, Mr.

Lewis, Mr. Gybbon, Sir Wm. Careiv, Sir Edmund Baton, Sir Robert Atflen, Mr. Dunbar, Mr. Negus, Mr. Fane,

Mr. Hales, Mr. Hedges, Sir John Dutton, Mr. Clutterbuck, Mr. St. John, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Wardour. Colonel Read, Mr. Hedworth, Mr. More, Captain Vernon, Mr. Knight, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Huxley, Mr. tungion, Mr. Daniel Campbell, Mr. John Campbell, Mr. Tower, Mr. Ryng, Mr. Orlebar, Mr. Furnefe, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Sam broke, Mr. Carr, Mr. Rolle, Mr. Bacon, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Mr.

Crosse, Mr. Holland, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Scawen, Mr. Clayton; and all the Members, that serve for the County of Devon: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill for continuing an Act, of the Eleventh Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for more effectual disarming the Highlands in that Part " of Great Britain called Scotland, and for the better "securing the Peace and Quiet of that Part of the " Kingdom," was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for continuing an Act, of the Eleventh Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for more " effectual disarming the Highlands in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for the better securing the Peace and Quiet of that Part of the Kingdom."

Ordered, That General Wade do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Two undivided Fourth Parts of the Manor of Greatham, and of other Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Suffer, the Estate of Barbara M///and Frances Mill, Spinsters, in Trustees, to enable them to join in the Sale of the said intire Manor, Lands, and Hereditaments, for raising Portions for them, and their Two Sifters, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the further Consideration of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill to prevent the Exportation of Hats out of any of the Colonies or Plantations in America, and to restrain the Number of Apprentices, taken by the Hatmakers in the said Plantations, and for the better encouraging the making of Hats in Great Britain, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take into further Consideration the said Report.

And the rest of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the Bill, were severally read a Second time, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Vo i. -21.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments be ingrossed.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Application whole House, to consider of the Application of the grow- of Sinking ing Produce of the Sinking Fund. *UBd*

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered \That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Seven* Way* night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, and Mean*, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and Mr. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Swinbum'j raising Money out of the Estate late of Surtees Swinbum,

Esquire, deceased, for compounding, and paying, the Portions, charged thereon, to his younger Sons, William and Robert Swinbum, and for paying the Debts of Cuth-bert Swinbum, Esquire, deceased; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Welt'*, Ac. establish and confirm an Agreement, made between John Agreement. West, Esquire, on the behalf of his Daughters, Mary West and Frances West (Infants) Sir Francis Vyvyan, Baronet, and Mary Erifey, and to render the same effectual; to

which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Prrfervation Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom of Turnpike*, the Bill to explain and amend, and render more effectual, * an Act, passed in the First Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for punishing such Persons,

" as shall wilfully and maliciously pull down or destroy " Turnpikes, for repairing Highways; or Locks, or other " Works, erected by Authority of Parliament, for making Rivers navigable," was committed.

And the Report was read.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question, severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That, where Turnpike-gates, or any Rails, Walls, or Houses, thereunto belonging, shall be erected upon the Confines of Hundreds, and afterwards destroyed, the Inhabitants of such adjacent Hundreds shall be rateably and proportionably taxed towards Contributions in respect of Damages, occasioned by such Destruction, together with the -Inhabitants of the Hundred, in which the Offence shall be committed.

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up:

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed,

Mr. Thomas Tower presented to the House (according jrriVoloui to Order) a Bill to explain, amend, and render more Ariefti. effectual, an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act " to prevent frivolous and vexatious Arrestsand the same was received.

Ordered,

Duties on Home-made Spirits, &c.

Civil List

Revenue of Scotland.

Well s, kc. Agreement.

88p 5° — 6" AA 1732.

Ordered,- Tlut Mr. Thomas Tozver have Lepve to make a Motion, it being after Four of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly:

And the said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. ' Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 6° die;

Anno 5° Georgii IIil Regis, 1732. Prayers.

THE House being informed, that some of the Com-railfioners of the Excise attended at the Door, they were called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

The Amount of the Duties arising from home-made Spirits, for Five Years, ending at last, distin-

gjuishing each Yeay, and the Duties, payable upon Ample and compound Spirits; and also,

The Amount of the Duties, which have arisen by the lipenfing of the Retailers of compound Spirits.

n then they withdrew.

nd the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused By die Members of the House.

The said Papers are bound up with the other Papers of this Scflipu.

The House being informed, that Mr. Tudor, Agent for the Barons of the Exchequer, and for the Commissioners of the Excise and Customs, in Scotland, attended at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the gross and net Produce of his late Majesty's Civil List Revenue under the Commissioners of the Custopis, from Michaelmas 1715, to Lady-day 1727; and also,

i\n Accpont of the gross-and net Produce of his late Majesty's Civil List Revenues of Excise in Scotland, from Michaelmas x 715, to Lady-day 1727; and also,

An Accopnt of the gross and net Produce of the Mo. Hpy, arising by Fines, Forfeitures, and Compofiiions, on prohibited and uncustomed Goods, in Scotland, from Michaelmas 1715, to Lady-day 1727: and also.

An Account of the gross and net Produce of the Civil List Revenues, arising by Crown Rents, iftc. in Scotland, from Michaf/wflS 1 7 45, to Lady-day 1727; and also,

An Account of Moneys, paid out of the Customs, Excise, and other Revenues, for peeping up the Three Courts and Civil Government in Scotland, from Michaelmas 1715, to Lafty-day 1727; and also,

An Account, from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, of additional Salaries, or Pensions, since

Christmas 17161 and also,

An Account of all additional Salaries, or Pensions,. granted to Officers in Scotland since Christmas 1716, lo far as relates to the Revenue under the Management of the Commiljfioners of the Excise; and allb,

An Account of all additional Salaries, or Pensions, for Civil Affairs, which have been granted to Officers or Persons in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland flnee Christmas 1716, distinguishing the Sum, and the Time.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read-.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The faic) Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Sessioo.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to establ 1 111 and confirm an Agreement, made between John West, Esquire, on the behalf of his Daughters, Mary

l5

West and Trances West (Infants) Sir Francis Baronet, and Mary Erifey, and to render the same effectual, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Excise do lay Datro, before this House, an Account of the Produce of the Duty Bw,it upon Beer and Ale for Seven Years, to Midsummer last, distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Excise do lay spin before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Drawbacks upon Spirits exported, for Seven \ears, to Midsummer last, distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Excise do lay Spire hefore this House, an Account of what Number of Li- Listaca-cences have been taken out, for felling or retailing mixed or compound Liquors, from the First Day of 1729, to Christmas last, distinguilMngeach Year, and how many of the said Licences are within the Bills of Mortality, and how many are without.

Mr. Thompson, of York, reported from the Committee, q,. to whom the Bill for rendering more effectual an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for " improving the Navigation of the River Owze, in me " County of York," was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he- read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the Report was read; and the Amendments, being l'everally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with an Amendment of one of them, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrefled.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Gnrfi for Sale of Part of the Estate of Sir William Gerard, Ba-roner, a Lunatick, fir Payment of his Debts, and other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for raising Money out of the Estate, late of Surtees Swin-burn, Esquire, deceased, for compounding, and paying, the Portions, charged thereon, to his younger Sons, tf'iJ-iiam and Robert Swinburn, and for paying the Debts of Cuthbert Swinburn, Esquire, deceased, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

SttinWi

Eluii

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Excise do lay Dndeo before this House, an Account, shewing, how much of the Duties, arising from home-made Spirits, for Seven pm"' Years, ending at Midsummer last, hath been paid upon simple and compound Spirits, made from foreign Materials, from malted Corn, from Cyder, and from foreign Wines, distinguishing the fame.

A Petition of Sir Archibald Grant, Baronet, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that thePe- 1 titioner was, by Order of this House, of the 17th of last Month, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant Arms, attending this House, in order to his forth coming, to abide the Orders of the House: That he has been examined in the most solemn Manner by the Committtee, to whom the Petition of the Proprietors of the Charitable Corporation is referred, and desires an Opportunity to justify himself: That his ill Health, and the Sense of hi* Misfortune, will make his further Confinement exceedingly grievous; And therefore praying the House'to order him to be discharged, in such Manner, as to the House shall seem proper.

Ordered,

Member

Jullody »'i>c dif-lar^eci on v;ng Bail.

I Witness on Bail to attend.

K Wit nr A ifch*rged.

Ea flare! ^uiidrea.

pplicatton

1 Sinking fund*

5 Geo. II. 6° A 881

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms, attending this-

House, do take such Bail of the said Sir Archibald now in his Custody, as shall be approved by Mr. Speaker, for the said Sir Archibald Grant's forth-coming from time to time, to abide the Orders of this House.

Ordered, That the said Sir Archibald Grant, upon giving such Bail, be discharged out of the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, atrending this House.

Ordered, That David Avery, who was by-the Order of the House, of the Twenty-fourth of last,

discharged out of the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, upon Bail, do attend this House upon Monday Fortnight.

Ordered, That Notice, in Writing, of the said Order be left at the Dwehing-house of the said David and at the respective Dwelling-houses of Samuel Stuart, El quire, 'Thomas Lingwood, and William Dare, his Sureties, pursuant to the Conditions of the Obligations, by them fevtrally entered into,- for the Attendance of the said David Avery on this House, or on the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Proprietors of the Charitable Corporation, lor Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, assembled in their general Court, is referred, as in the said Conditions is severally expressed.

Mr. Sandys, from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Proprietors of the Charitable Corporation, for Relief of induitrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, assembled in their general Court, is referred, acquainted the House, that James Thom Jon, who was by the Order of the House, of the ioth of last Month, committed close Prisoner to his Majesty's Gaol of Newgate, for prevaricating in his Evidence before the said Committee, and was, by the Order of the House, of the Fourteenth of the same Month, for having, upon a subsequent Examination, behaved liirn-seif in a more candid Manner, discharged from his laid Confinement there, and delivered over into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, had since been examined by the said Committee;- and that the Committee were satisfied with his Answers, and had directed him to move the House, that the said James Thomson be discharged out of Custody.

Ordered, That the said James Thomson be discharged out of Custody, without paying any Fees.

An ingrossed Bill for the more effectual indemnifying and securing Parishes, and other Places, from such Charges as may arise from Bastard Children, born within the same, was read the Third time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, 'that the Bill do pass;

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

for. he Y g;2~.

Tellers for

:2M'

47-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative: And, that the Title be. An Act for the more effectual indemnifying and securing Parishes, and other Places, from such Charges as may arise from Bastard Children, born within the same.

Ordered, That Mr. More do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concufrence.

SiT Charles Turner (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to confides of the Application of the growing Produce of the Sinking Fund, the Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House j which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at flie Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as follows; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That out of the Moneys arisen, or to arise, for the Vo t. 21.

Surplusses, Excesses, or overplus Moneys, commonly called the Sinking Fund, there be issued and paid to the South Sea Company the Sum of One Million, in part of that Moiety of their whole increased capital Stock, as, being divided, in pursuance of an Act, of the Ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, now remains the capital Stock of the said Company, and for redeeming a proportional Part of the Annuities attending thereon.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolution; and that Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. , Mr. Scrope, Mr.

Horatio Walpole, Mr. Edward Walpole, Sir John Eylest and Mr. Andrews, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Sir William , Sir William

Lowther, and Sir William Milner, be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, or Bills, pursuant to several Resolutions of the House on Friday, the 2+th of March last.

An ingrossed Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectua), an Act, passed in the First Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for punishing such " Persons, as shall wilfully and maliciously pull down " or destroy Turnpikes, for repairing Highways; or

Locks, or other Works, erected by Authority of

Parliament, for making Rivers navigable," was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the First Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for punishing " such Persons, as shall wilfully and maliciously pull " down or destroy Turnpikes, for repairing Highways; " or Locks, or other Works, erected by Authority of Parliament, for making Rivers navigable."

Ordered, That Mr, Holland do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Elias Turner, and Company, and Lewis on

behalf of themselves, and such others, as are in their Cafe, was referred.

And the said Report was read, and is as followeth; viz.

That the Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, of the 29th of February 1731, took into Consideration the said Petition, and do find the Matter thereof to be as follows; viz.

That by an Act, of the Ninth Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, the Sum of £. 103,003. 11 4 was given

to such of the Proprietors, and Inhabitants, of the Islands of Nevis and Saint Christophers, as had or should resettle on the said Islands, in Consideration of the great Losses they had sustained, by the Invasion and Depredations of the French on those Islands, for which the then Commissioners of Trade and Plantations were to make forth Debentures, for their respective Shares of such Money, to bear Interest after the Rate of £.6. per Centum per Annum, to be registered, and paid, in like Manner, as the unsatisfied Debentures, charged on the forfeited Estates in Ireland, were:

That by another Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of her said late Majesty, taking notice, that the Bounty aforesaid would amount but to one Third Part of the Losses, so sustained, the Commissioners of Trade and Plantations were authorised to issue out Debentures for such Third Part of their Losses: And by those Acts the Debentures were directed to be made payable to the said Proprietors, or to their certain Attorneys, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, respectively, and were to be delivered to such Persons, as those, who were entitled thereunto, should respectively authorise.

10 O That,

Expiring

Laws.

Preservtdon of Turnpikes, He.

Nevis and St.

Chr.stophers

Debentures.

ie

Ncvii and St. Christophers Debentures.

8 8 l 6° April. A. 1732.

That, in pursuance of the said Act, Debentures were that neither the Proprietors, nor any other Person, except accordingly made out. those to whom such Debentures were lo assigned, have

That it appeared to the Committee, by authentick been to make any Claim for such (landing Orders; which Copies of the Powers, given to Stephen Duport, and induced the said Mr. Chocke to believe, that, since they others, the Agents of such Sufferers, delivered to the have been so assigned, which is about Eighteen Years said Committee by Alexander Chocke, Esquire, one of the pad, the original Proprietors of such Debentures have Clerks to the Auditor of his Majesty's Exchequer, that been fully satisfied for the fame.

Turner, and Company, and Lewis Lacoude, became pof- And it further appeared to the Committee, by a Copy sessed of, and are now entitled to, the Debentures, con- of the Report, made in 1723 to the Lords Commissioners tained in the Lift at the End of this Report, by of his Majesty's Treasury by the then Solicitor-general, Assignmentt, endorsed thereon, and Assignments under upon a Petition, referred to him by their Lordships, Hands and Seals of Stephen Duport, Merchant, and others, relating to the Debentures aforesaid, which was also their Agents, by virtue of Letters of Attorney, giving delivered by Mr. Chocke, that the Solicitor-general was Power to them respectively to receive the said Deben- of Opinion, that, as the former Acts had not prescribed tures, and the Principal and Interest due thereupon. a particular Method of assigning those Debentures, they And it appeared by such Assignments, and the Cash were only assignable in Equity, and equitable Assignees Journal of Turner, and Company, which was proved by were entitled to have {landing Orders made out; but, Mr. John White, Accomptant to the said Copartnership, where any Assignments, whether by Deed, or Ehdorfe-that valuable Confederations were paid for the same. ment, did import to have been made by Attorneys of the That by an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Proprietors, by virtue of Letters of Attorney to receive Reign of her said late Majesty, Provision was made for the Debentures, or to receive the Principal and Interest the Payment of Three Years Interest, due to the 25th due thereupon, without any Words, either expressing, or Day of December 1714. implying, a Power to fell, or assign, he conceived, the

And by an Act, of the Eighth Year of his late Majesty's Act of Parliament, of the Eighth of the late King, did Reign, the respective Proprietors of such Debentures, and not sufficiently warrant the making out Annuity Orders their respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, in the Names of the Persons, claiming under such are entitled, by virtue of that Ad, to an Annuity of £.3. Assignments. '

per Centum per Annum, for and in lieu of the Principal And it further appeared to the Committee, by a Copy and Interest, due to the 25th of December 1721, orun- of a Claim of the Trustees of the South Sea Company paid to them respectively; and the Commissioners of his relating to Nevis and Christophers Debentures, dated Majesty's Treasury were thereby impowered, upon pro- the 27th 1729, delivered by the said Mr. Chocke, ducing to them any of the said Debentures, to issue reciting, that by an Act, made in the Seventh Year of (landing Orders for paying, at the Receipt of the the Reign of his late Majesty King George, for railing Exchequer, the said. Annuities to the said respective Money on the Estates of the Sub-governor and Directors Proprietors, their Executors, Administrators, Successors, of the South Sea Company, and others, that, if Persons, or Assigns; but the said Act does not mention Attorneys, who had any Claims on the said Estates, did not enter the or Agents. . same within the Time limited by the said Act, the

And, upon examining the said Mr. Chocke, it appeared Estates, real and personal, vested in the said Trustees, to the Committee, thac the Interest on the said Deben- should be actually freed and discharged from any Debt tures, due to the said 25th December 1714, had been ac- or Incumbrance.

cordingly paid, and {landing Orders had been made out That, upon the said Trustees certifying to the Auditor for most of such Debentures; and that the Debentures of the Exchequer, that no Claims had been made for before-mentioned had been claimed, to be converted into several Nevis and Saint Christophers Debentures, amount-standing Orders, by the Persons, to whom they were so ing to £.11,826. 17 7 some Part of which were in

assigned, but have been refused to be made out, by reason the same Circumstances, as those before-mentioned, the Words " fell and assign" were not inserted in the ori- {landing Orders were made out to the Cashier of the ginal Powers from the Proprietors to their Agents; and said Company, according to their Claim.

Lift of St. Christophers Debentures.

N° DATE. To whom made out. SUM,

John Peters £ s- I

6 11 th Feb. 1 1 1 / *TT - - - # - - 48 11 1

7 - - Joan Battery - - - - , - - - 408 17 8

12 . - - Richard Mansfield - - - - 42 2 8

21 - - - Paul de Brifai - - - 402 13 1

24 - - Cha. Powell - 24 17 5

38 . - - Ja. Bijket - - - m 13+ 8 10

43 - - - John Morris - - - - 59 1 4

54 - m - Henry King - - - - 6 2 2

59 - - - Henry Billingsly - - - - - 7 8 5

60 . - Phil. Lake, senior - - - - . 14 3 4

65 - - - James Bijkett, in Co. with Wm. Woodroff - - - 66 13 4

66 . - - Edward Tifdale - - - - . 7 9 4

67 - - Love/ay Heron - - - - 6 7 t

69 _ - - James French - - - 10 3 9

70 _ - Thomas Salter nm - . - 3 >3 8

/ 71 72 _ , Geo. Rivet - 5 i6 2

m " - John Bill - - - , - _ 2 16 8

74 w a - John Smith - - - m . 1 16 8

/ 77 78 Pash Brian - - . 5 ~ 8

_ _ Walter Bill - - - . m 1 14 S

80 . Tho. Gardiner - - 11 8 10

81 _ - Maith. Smith - - _ _ 6 8 —

82 - - - Joan Hazell - - - - 3 *4 5

83 13th Ditto - Jof. Ladregus - - - 3 1 6

84 Dan. Cameren ' * " " " 3 19 4 N*

Woollen Mam :re

5 Geo. II. 6° Jprilis.

N° DATE. To whom made out. SUM.

85 July Gardiner, junior - £. s. d. 5 14 6

86 - Richard Emra ----- -- 2 8 —

87 ----- Jof Bennett ----- --- 2 14 5

91 - Sarah For rest ----- --- 7 *4

94 - Dan. Whitehead ----- -- 39 8 1

95 - Tho. Pheajant ----- -- 1 19 10

96 - Geo. Hazell ----- --- a 15 4

98 - Will.Waters ----- --- 2 19 10

99 - James Miller ----- --- 2 13 4

104 - Ant. Johnson ----- --- It II 2

io5 - Valent. Periwall - - - - -" 25 8 5

107 - John Waters ----- --- 5 *2 10

jc8 Dorm. DriJcotle ----- -- 7'3 4

122 - Thomas Dixon - , a68

I23 - Susannah Confident ----- -- 5 7 4

257 ill April 1713 Gideon Drifcole ----- -- 189 9 8

1,604 17 — -

N* DATE. To whom made out. SUM.

64 I ith Feb. 1712 s Edward Morris ----- -- £. s.d. ip *3 4

79 - Patrick Barnes ----- -- 17 — 2

79 James Burrows ----- -- 11 1 8

106 j 13 D- - - - Philip Drifcole ----- -- 12 11 9

Ordered That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to impower the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer, for the Time being, to make forth (landing Orders, according to an Act, passed in the 8th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, in lieu of Nevis and St. drift of hers Debentures, made out in the Names of certain Proprietors, for their Losses, to such Persons, who have purchased the said Debentures of their Attorneys, or Agents, the original Proprietors thereof, their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, not claiming, and making out their Property to, such Debentures, within a certain Time to be limited in the Bill; and that Sir George Mr. Lockyer, and

Mr. Alderman Barnard, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to render more effectual an Act, passed in the loth and i ith Y< nrs of the Reign of King the Third, intituled,

"An Act to prevent the Exportation of Wool out of the " Kingdoms of Ireland lend England into foreign Parts, and " for the Encouragement of the Woollen Manufactures in the Kingdom of England," so far as the said Act relates to the Exportation of Woollen Manufactures out of Ireland into foreign Parts, and for the Repeal of a Clause in an Act, made in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act " for continuing several Laws therein mentioned, and for explaining the Act to prevent the Exportation of " Wool out of the Kingdoms of Ireland and England " into foreign Parts, and for the Encouragement of she " Wollen Manufactures in the Kingdom of England," whereby Leave was given to every Manner, and Passenger, on board any Ship, to furnish hinnelf with the Woollen Manufactory of Ireland, to the Amount of Forty Shillings;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, that no Person or Persons shall be admitted to claim Property in any Seizure, that shall be made by virtue of any Clause in the said Bill or any Act of Parliament, for preventing the unlawful Exportation of Woollen Goods from Ireland, until he or they shall first have given sufficient Security to answerthe Penalties, which door may attend the Forfeiture thereof.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee. Vol. 21.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Captain Vernon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Captain Vernon reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tomorrow Seven night.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Minehead, in the County of Somerset, in the room of Francis Whitworth, Esquire, who, since his Election, hath accepted the Office of Surveyor-general of all his Majesty's Woods on the North and South Sides of the River 'Trent.

The House resolved itself intoa Committee of the whole House, toconsider of the Petition of Thomas

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that they had considered the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to move the House, that a Bill may be brought in, to enable the Commissioners of the Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer, for the Time being, to compound with Thomas Tomkyns, late Cashier to the Commissioners for licensing Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, for a Debt he (lands charged with to the Crown.

And Sir Charles Turner moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, to enable the Commissioners of the Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer, for the Time being, to compound with Thomas Tomkyns, late Cashier to the Commissioners for licensing Hawkers, Pedlars, and petty Chapmen, for a Debt, he stands charged with to the Crown; and that Sir Charles Turnert Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Strope, and Sir James do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Lord Gage presented to the House (according to Order) a Bill for making void the several Contracts, for Sale of the Estate of the late Earl of Derwentwater to William Smith, Esquire, and also of the Annuity of £. 200. and the Arrears thereof, during the Life of Charles

Radcliffe,

Minehead

Writ.

Tomkyns* Debt to the Crown.

Derwentwater

Estate.

4

o

A. 1732,

6°

1?

j.

Raicliffe, to- Matthew White, Esquire, and the feveraf Conveyances,.made in pursuance of the same i and the same was received.

Ordered, That the Lord Gage have Leave to make a Motion, it being I^our of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly:

nd the said Bill was repel the First time.

Rejotvedy That tlhe Bill be read a Second time.

Resolved, That the said Bill be read a Second time upon fPednesday, the Nineteenth Day of this Instant April.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Examining far. Thomas Tower presented to the House (according Drugs,&c. to Order) a Bill for reviving an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act for the better viewing, searchi$g, and examining, all Drugs, Medicines, Waters,

" Oils, Compositions, used or to be used for Medicines,

" iii all Places, where the same shall be exposed to Sale,

" or kept for that Purpose, within the City of " and Suburbs thereof, or within Seven Miles Circuit of the said City and the same was received.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Tower have Leave to make

Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly.

/ind the said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

% . Ordered, That Mr. Cornewall have Leave" to make a'

Wore. Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly:

And an ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled An Act for inclosing and dividing a common Failure Ground, called Monies Lease, situate and lying in the Parish of Puritan, alias Pirton, in the County of was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

NevisandSt. _ Mr. Lockyer presented to the House (according to Chtiftophers Order) a Bill to impower the Commissioners of his nturei. Majesty's Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer, for the Time being, to riSake forth (landing Orders, according to an Act, passed in the: Eighth Year of the Reign of his Jafte: Majesty King George the First, in lieu of Nevis and Saint Christophers Debentures, made out in the Names of certain Proprietors, for their Losses, to such Persons, who have purchased the said Debentures of their Attorneys, or Agents, the original Proprietors thereof, their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, not claiming, and making out their Property to, such Debentures within a Certain Time, to be limited in the Bill; and the same was received.

Ordered, That Mr. Lockyer have Leave to make a

Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly:

And the said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, 'that Mr. Thomas Tower have Leave to make a. Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly:

Persons going And the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in armed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act for the more " effectual punching wicked and evil-disposed Persons, " going armed in Disguise, and doing Injuries and " Violences to the Persons and Properties of his Majesty's " Subjects, and for the more speedy bringing the Offenders " to Justice," was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till this Day Sevennight, Nine of the Clock in the Morning,

Jovis, 130 die;

Anno 50 Georgii IP1 Regis, 1732.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bufwrii'i for vesting certain Lands and Estates, in tlieCoun- Elkin, ties of Stafford, Leicester, Rutlandand Northampton, late the Estates of Sir Eusebius Bufwell, Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for the Payment of his Debts, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Nathanael Ctirzon, Mr. Clarke, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Mr. Crispe,

Mr. Huxley, General Sutton, Mr. St. Lord Mickle-

tbivaite, Mr. Pierce, Mr. Pigott, Lord Sir

Edmund Bacon, Mr. Plumptre, S r Geo. Mr.

Cornwall, Mr. Ongley, Sir Thomas Act on, Mr. Bertie,

Mr. Amefley, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Mr.

Sir Geo. Savil/e, Sir Wm. Clayton. Mr. Mr.

Campbell, Mr. Crcfje, Colonel Berkeley, Sir Tho. Hales,

Sir Richard Lane, Colonel Onslow, Mr. Resnell, Mr. Longuevil/e, Sir Abra. Elton, Sir John Shelley, Mr.

Rowney, Mr. Vernon, Sir Charles Nicoll, Mr. Lehenp,

Mr. Copplefton, Colonel Handafyde, Mr. Poivlett, die Lord Mayor of London, Mr. I I'm. Bromley, Sir Oughlon, Mr. Ojftcy, Sir Roger Meredith, Mr. Bacon,

Sir IVm. Stanhope, Mr. Stanhope, Mr.; and all

the Members, that serve for the Counties of Stafford, Leicester, Rutland, Northampton, and Derby: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Lord Coleraine, Sir Richard Lane, j^i, Mr. Holland, Sir Nicholas Williams, and Mr. Clarke, be EDau. added to the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for making effectual an Agreement between Sir Ralph Hare, and his Brothers, for railing Money upon Part of his entailed Estate, and for settling other Estates, not entailed, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, is committed.

The House being informed, that some of the Commissioners of the Excilc attended at the Door, they were called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Produce of the Duty upon Beer putyW and Ale for Seven Years, to Midsummer last, distinguishing Beer.tc, each Year; and also.

An Account of the Amount of the Drawbacks upon s -Spirits exported, for Seven Years, to Midsummer lad, dp^d. distinguishing each Year; and also,

An Account of what Number of Licences have been 5^ taken out, for felling or retailing mixed or compound Liwica. Liquors, from the First Day of July 1729, to Christmas lad, distinguishing each Year, and how many of the said Licences are within the Bills of Mortality, and how many are without; and also.

An Account, shewing how much of the Duties, Datiaoi arising from home-made Spirits, for Seven Years, ending towf* at Midsummer last, hath been charged as low Wines from ip:n9> foreign Materials and foreign Wines, low Wines from malted Corn, low Wines from Cyder, and as Spirits from such low Wines.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Genrfi for Sale of Part of the Estate of Sir William Gerard, Baronet, a Lunatick, for Payment of his Debts, and other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second time. Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Mr. Cornwall, Mr. St. ghtintin, Mr. Huxley,

Mr. Crispe, Lord Micklethwaite, Mr. Hales, Mr. Holland,

Sir

|oy<l't. &c Estate.

'inburn'i

EfUte.

5 Geo. II. 13° Aprilis.885

Sir Richard Lane, Sir Wilfrid Lawson, Mr. Lewis, the Portions, charged thereon, to his younger Sons*

"Mr. Williams, Captain Vernon, Mr. Orlebar, Mr. Pa- William and Robert Swinbum, and for paying the Debts fillon, Sir Geo. Cafwall, Sir Robert Clifton, Mr. Palmer, of Cuthbert Swinbum, Esquire, deceased, was read a Mr. Griffith, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Waller Bacon, Mr. Second time.

Offley, Sir Wm. Milner, Mr. Thompson of York, Colonel Ref, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bowes, Handafyde, Sir Tho.Lee, Sir John Shelley, Major Selwyn, Colonel Howard, Sir Richard Lane, Mr. Winnington,

Mr. Clarke, Sir Nicholas Williams, Sir Tho. Aston, Mr. Mr.. Taylor, Lord Malpas, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Plumptre,

Annesley, Mr. Lyjler, Sir Edmund Bacon, Colonel Onslow, Lord Mr. Sir Roger Bradshaigh,

Mr. Ongley, Mr. Heathcote, Mr. Crojfe, Mr. Lawson, Mr. Arundell, Mr. More, Mr. , Mr. Orlebar, Mr.

Mr. Gybbon, Colonel Berkeley, Mr. Reynell, Sir Tho. Pigott, Mr. Stanhope, Mr. Bladen, Mr. Lawson, Mr.

Hales, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Leheup, Sir Cornewa Mr. Reynell, Mr. Harley, Mr. Vernon, Lord

James Thornhill, Mr. Powlett j and all the Members, Coleraine, Sir Geo. Mr. Gybbon, Mr.

that serve for the Counties of Lancaster and Chester:Mr. St. Quintin, Sir Geo. Cafwall, Mr. Digby, Sir Tho.

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Hales, Mr. Williams, Mr. Griffith, Mr. Holland, Mr.

Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber. Campbel, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Officy, Sir Tho. Lee, Colonel

Handafyde, Sir John Shelley, Major Selwyn, Mr. Hales,

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Major Hanbury. Sir James Campbell, Sir William for supplying a Defect in a Conveyance, lately made by Sir John Eyles, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Lyster, Sir Robert Charles Lloyd, senior, and Sarah, his Wife, and Charles Kemp, Lord Percival, Lord Gage, Sir Abra. Ellon, Mr.

Lloyd, junior, and Jane, his Wife, and for the Sale of Fane, Mr. Mr. Sandys, Mr. Palmer, Mr.

certain Lands in the County of Montgomery, for railing Peirce, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Sir Richard Grosvenor,

Three thousand Pounds and Six hundred Pounds, and Lord Morpeth, Mr. Conduitt, Nit. Heathcote, Mr.

for other the Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Mr. Walcot, Mr. Hucks, Mr. Martin, Mr. Shippen, Mr.

Second time. Banks, Mr. Jenifon, Mr. Tilfon, Mr. Kelfa/l, Mr.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Corne- kin Williams Wynne, Sir Edmund Baconand all the wall, Mr. Harley, Sir Wm. Milner, Mr. Wyndham, Mr. Members that serve for the Counties of Northumberland,

Campbell, of Pembrokeshire, Sir Abra. Elton, Mr. Wal- Durham, and Cumberland: And they are to meet this pole, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Sandys, Mr. Gybbon, Sir James Campbell, Lord Morpeth, Chamber.

Mr. Longueville, Mr. Crispe, Colonel Handafyde, Mr.

More, Sir Geo. Cafwall, Mr. Thomas Tower, Mr. La- The House being informed, that Mr. Oxenford, Imports from roche. Lord Percival, Lord Mayor of London, Mr. from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Dunkirk* Crowle, Sir Richard Lane, Mr. Huxley, Mr. Fane, Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the Mr. Orlebar, Mr. Heathcote, Mr. Ongley, Captain Ver- House, pursuant to their Order,

non, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Annejley, Mr. Reynell, Mr. Vernon, An Account of what Duties have been paid at the Lord Coleraine, Sir Geo. Saville, Mr. Papillon, Mr. St. Custom-house in London, and in the Out-ports, for Quintin, Mr. Digby, Mr. Holland, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. foreign Spirits and Brandies, imported from Dunkirk,

Williams, Mr. Griffith, Mr. Offley, Sir Tho. Lee, Sir from the 25th of December 1727, to the 25th of De-John Shelley, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Hales, Major Hanbury, cember 1731, distinguishing the Account of each Year, Sir Wm. Lowther, Mr. Lawson, Sir John Eyles, Mr. and under what Denomination of Brandies the Duty was

Rowney, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Bramfon, Sir Robert Kemp, paid for the same; and also,

Mr. Palmer, Mr. Pierce, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Mr. An Account of the Number of Pieces, and Half Conduit, Sit Richard Grosvenor, Mr. Danvers-, and all Pieces, of Cambrick, imported from Dunkirk into the the Members, that serve for the Counties of Hereford, Port of London, from the 25th December 1727, to the Salop, and North Wales: And they are to meet this 25th December 1731, distinguishing each Year, and un-Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's der what Denomination of Cambricks the Duties were Chamber. paid, and how much the same annually amounted to.

And then he withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act And the Titles of the said Accounts were read,

for railing Money out of the Estate, late of Surtees Swin- The said Accounts are as follows; viz.

burn, Esquire, deceased, for compounding, and paying,

Vol. 21.

19 P

AN

00

oo

o\

a

CQ

N

CD

Q_

cr

Aw ACCOUNT of what Duties have been paid at the Custom-house in London, and in the Out-ports, for foreign Spirits and Brandies, imported from Dunkirk, from the 25th of December, 1727, to the 45th of December, 1731, distinguishing the Account of each Year, and under what Denomination of Brandies the Duty was paid for the same.

1727 r

Trom 25th December \ 1728,) To 25th December'

1729

.*73°v \

1728

1729

1730

Custom-house, London, 1 zth Apri/, 1732.

Total

Quantity into London. Custom paid. Quantity into Out-porti. Custora paid. Total Custom paid.

Tuns. Hhds. Gal. 1,161 I 48 1,662 I 49 x>745 3 25 »>965 0 5* £. s. d. 4,471 10 104 6,400 8 2| 6,721 10 4* 7>565 7 Tans. Hhds. Gal. 22 0 gi 60 0 46 104 1 20 56 3 25 £. s. d. 84 16 11 231 14 — i 401 13 4 218 17 4 £> ' * 4>J5< 7 w 6,632 2 3 7»X23 3 9 JL 7,784 7 11 £?'

6>534 47 25>x59 i 243 1 37t 937 7* 26,096 1 8

J. Oxenford, A. I. General.

These Duties were all paid as Flemish Brandies.

1 — 1 <1

Dee

Navigation.

Wittbome

AUhallowei

Exchange,

Ac,

Examinii t Drugs, Ac

5 Geo. II. 130 April887

An ACCOUNT of the Number of Pieces, and Half Pieces, of Cambricks, imported from Dunkirk into the Port of London, from the 25th of December 1727, to the 25th of December 1730, distinguishing each Yean and under what Denomination of Cambricks the Duties were paid, and how much the same annually amounted to.

Whole Pieces. . Half Pieces. Customs.

From 25th December 1727, to 25th December 1728 - — - 1729 -- - - - — *73° - - - 173* - Total - - - !3.9°9 *3>°5° 14,895 17,422 25,091 31,121 30,613 40,592 C- d. 6,995 — 2i 7,565 i ioi 7»985 *5 7 9.973 5 4±

59,276 127,417 32.519 3

Custom-house, London1,

12th April, 1732. John A. I. General.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs, and Common-council, and of the Merchants, Owners and Matters of Ships, of and in the Borough and Port of Liverpoole, in the County of on the behalf of

themselves, and others, trading to and from the said Port, was presentecl to the House, and read; alleging, that the Road or Harbour, called Hoyle Lake, within the Limits of the said Port, is very commodious for the Reception of his Majesty's Ships of War, as well as of Merchants Ships; and that if the Bill, now depending before this House, to restore, and preserve the Navigation upon the River Dee, in the County Palatine of should pass into a Law, the Passage into the said Road will probably be obstructed, and the Navigation to and from the said Port will thereby be destroyed: And therefore praying the House to give Leave, that the Petitioners may be heard by themselves, or Couniel, again (I the passing the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Exchange of the Right of Presentation to the Rectory of Wimborne Allhallowes, and Vicarage of Loders, in the County of Dorset, and for uniting the Rectories and Parishes of Wimborne Saint Giles and jillhallowes, was read a Second time.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, that his Majesty having been informed of the Contents of the said Bill, his Majesty had been pleased to command him to acquaint this House, that, as to his Majesty's Interest, he gives his Content, that this House may do therein, as they think fit.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Winnington, Mr. Bertie, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Lengueville, Mr. Fox, Mr. Co piest on, Mr.

Mr. Orlebar, Mr. Waller Bacon, Sir Geo. Downing, Lord Gage, Lord Malpas, Mr. Laroche, Sir Geo. Caf-utall. Sir Geo. Saville, General Sutton, Colonel Mr. CroJ/c, Mr. Burton, Mr. , Mr. Digby, Sir

Roger Meredith, Sir Cha. Nicoll, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Trelazvney, Lord Fere Mr.

Lyster, Mr. Thomp/on, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Mr.

Brookjlank, Mr. Oglethorpe, Lord Coleraine, Mr. Norris, Mr. Wat kin Williams Wynn, Mr. Holland, Mr. Taylor, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Leheup, Mr. Hacks. Mr. Griffith, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Offiey, Sir Tho. Lee, Colonel Handafyde, Sir John Shelley, Mr. Major

Hanbury, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. St. Quint in, Mr. Sandy s, Mr. Palmer, Lord Morpeth, Mr. Arundel, Mr. Martin, Mr. Waleot; and all the Members that serve for the County of Dorset: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Mailers, Wardens, and Society, of the Art and Mystery of Apothecaries, of the City of London, was presented to the House, and read; alleging,

Yol. 91.

that by the Bill now depending in this House, for reviving an Act made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act for " the better viewing, searching, and examining, all " Drugs, Medicines, Waters, Oils, Compositions used " or to be used for Medicines, in all Places, where the 4‘ same shall be exposed to Sale, or kept for that Purpose, within the City of London, and Suburbs thereof, or within Seven Miles Circuit of the said City," the Property, Chaiafter, and Reputation, of the Petitioners will be rendered precarious: And therefore praying, that they may be heard by their Counsel against reviving the said Act, as it now stands, and be relieved in such Manner, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petit ion do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for reviving an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act for the better viewing, searching, and examining, all Drugs, Medicines, Waters, " Oils, Compositions used or to be used for Medicines, " in all Places, where the same shall be exposed to Sale, " or kept for that Purpose, or within the City of London, " and Suburbs thereof, or within Seven Miles Circuit " of the said City," be read a Second time.

Sir Charles Turner presented to the House (according to Order) a Bill for the further Application of the Sinking Fund, by paying off One Million ot Sea Stock; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill to prevent the Exportation of Hats out of any of the Colonies or Plantations in America, and to restrain the Number of Apprentices, taken by the Hat-makers in the said Plantations, and for the better encouraging the making of Hats in Great ,was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act to prevent the Exportation of Hats out of any of his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America, and to restrain the Number of Apprentices, taken by the Hat-makes in the said Colonies or Plantations, and for the better encouraging the making Hats in Great Britain.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Barnard do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill to impower the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer, for the Time being, to make forth (landing Orders, according to an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, in lieu of and Saint Ckrijlo-

pher's Debentures, made out in the Name of certain Proprietors, for their Losses, to such Perfoi.s, who have purchased the said Debentures of their Attorneys, or Agents, the original Proprietors thereof, their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, not claiming, and making out their Property to, f uch Debentures, within a certain Time, to be limited in the Bill, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved,

Supply Bill;

Sinking Fund, &c.

Hat

Manufacture*

Nevis and St. Christopher's Debentures.

888

i f — 14° Apritis.

A. 1732.

'Resolved, Th^t the Bill be committed (o a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read;

Process Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning

a gam ft Per- nex^ resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ^onia con Upon j^e ingrossed Bill from the Lord's, intituled, An Act for making Process in Courts of Equity effectual against Persons, who abscond, and cannot be served therewith, or who refuse to appear.

Lambe'a Ordered, That Mr. Harley have Leave to make a £state. Motion, it being after Three of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And an ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Estate of John Esquire,

for railing Money to discharge several Mortgages, and other Debts and Incumbrances, therein mentioned, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do

pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Harley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, with some Amendments; to which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of- their Lordships.

Welt's, fcc. Ordered, That Mr. Laroche have Leave to make a Agreement. Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And an ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to establish and confirm an Agreement, made between John West, Esquire, on the behalf of his Daughters, Mary West and Frances West, Infants, Sir Francis Baronet, and Mary Erifey, and to render the feme effectual, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Laroche, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Price, Mr. Alderman , Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Crowle, Sir John Eyles, Sir feph Eyles, Mr. MartynMr. , Sir Richard Lane, Sir James Lowther, Sir Geo. Mr. , Mr.

Dig by, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Moreton, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Sandys, Mr. IVimington, Mr. Clarke, Mr. Berkeley, Mr.

Bramston, Mr. Wat kin Williams Wynne, Mr. Hugh Williams, Mr. Longueville, Mr. , Mr. Bertie, Mr.

Lawson, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Leheup, Sir James Thornhill, Mr. Powlett, Sir Robert Clifton, Sir Thomas Hales, Sir John Shelley, Major Mr. Sir John

Rushout, Mr. Crojfe, Mr. Hucks, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Heathcote, Sir Geo. Saville, Sir Robert Kemp, Mr. Conduit, Mr. Hales, Sir Roger , Mr.

Offiey, Mr. St. Quint in Captain Vernon, Mr.

Sir John Williams, Mr. More, Sir Wm. Carezv, Sir Wm. Tonge, Sir Wm. Milner, Mr. Orlebar, Mr. Harrison, Sir James Campbell; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Devon and Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris 140 die Apr His;

Anno 5* Georgii IF1 Regis, 1732. Prayers.

Woollen /T APTAIN Vernon (according to Order) reported Manufacture. \,_j from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to render more effectual an Act, passed in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act to prevent the Exportation " of Wool out of the Kingdoms of Ireland and England into foreign Parts, and for the 'Encouragement of the

" Woollen Manufactures in the Kingdom of so far as the said Act: relates to the Exportation of Woollen Manufactures out of Ireland into foreign Parts, and for the Repeal of a Clause in an Act, made in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act for continuing several Laws " therein mentioned, and for explaining the Act, to prevent the Exportation of Wool out of the Kingdoms of " Ireland and England into foreign Parts, and for the Encouragement of the Woollen Manufactures in the " Kingdom of England," whereby Leave was given to every Mariner, or Passenger, on board any Ship, to furnish himself with the Woollen Manufactoryof Ireland, -to the amount of Forty Shillings, was committed, the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House:

And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments of and to several of them, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Edmund Bacon, of Garboldisham, reported from the Hare'* Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for making effectual an Agreement between Sir Ralph Hare, and his Brothers, for raising Money upon Part of his entailed Estate, and for settling other Estates, not entailed, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Confcnts to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the Report was read; and the Amendments are as follows; viz.

Press 10. L. 4 5. Leave out " only proper and " absolute Use and Behoof of," and, instead thereof, insert " Use of the said Sir Edmund Bacon and Sir " Thomas Peyton, and their Heirs, in Trust for."

L. 6. Leave out " of."

L. 6, 7. Leave out " and Assigns forever."

Press 11. L. 6. After " impound" insert "detain;" and leave out the last " and, " and insert " Law."

Press 14. L. 24. After " feid" insert " Sir Edmund " Bacon and Sir Thomas Peyton, and their Heirs, in Trust " for the said."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

An ingrossed Bill for the better and more easy re- Rcboiitirj building the Town of Bland ford Forum, in the County of BlandM Dorset, and for determining Differences touching Houses, *?0'UII|,'‘0WI' and Buildings, burnt down, or demolished, by reason of the late dreadful Fire there, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be,

An Act for the better and more easy rebuilding of the Town of Bland ford Forum, in the County of , and for determining Differences touching Houses, and Buildings, burnt down, or demolished, by reason of the late dreadful Fire there.

Ordered, That Mr. Doddington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

After which, the Blank, left in the Bill for the Title thereof, was filled up by the Clerk at the Table.

Mr. Sandys reported to the House, that the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Proprietors of the Charitable Corporation, for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting Witoelta them with {mall Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, frewed.,

assembled

Ucdi?

hs\

V\*.\

U.

Si:

Mirlov

Uc&i&a.

Feet of

Wntm to tic S:goct in £*i)efcAsd»

Sakdoth

lUttrtaaurf,

Doty on compound

Spirits.

Ways and Means.

5- Geo. II. 14°

assembled in their General Court, is referred, had, pursuant to the Order of the House, of the 13th of last Month, secured several Books and Papers, belonging to John Thompson ,late Warehouse-keeper to the said Corporation, which relate to the Affairs of the said Corporation.

Mr. Palmer reported to the House, That he, Mr. Sundys, Lord Morpeth, Lord , Mr. Wyndham,

Mr. Winnington, and Mr. Alderman , had, pur-

iuant to the Order of the House, of the 1 oth of last Month, secured several Books and Papers in the Custody of Thomas Lease, and James Thomson, which relate to the Affairs of the said Corporation, and had delivered them to the said Committee.

A Petition of Sidney Bca, Esquire, commonly called Lord Sidney Beauclerk, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That at the last Election of a Member of Parliament for the Borough of Great Marlow, in the County of Bucks, the Petitioner, and Sir Thomas Hobby, Baronet, stood Candidates; and that the Petitioner had then a Majority of legal Votes; but by Bribery, Threats, and other illegal Practices, of Sir Thomas Hobby, and his Agents, a Return was procured in favour of Sir Thomas: And praying the Consideration of the House, and such Relief, as Justice requires.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Mutter of the said Petition be heard at die Bar of this House:

The House divided.,

The Yeas go forth.

Telfer, for the 80.

Tellers for the M-

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof and report the liune, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Regulation of the Pees of the Writers to the Signet in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and that Mr. Forbes and Mr. Arcjkin, do prepare, and bring hi, the lame.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole, House, to consider of the Act, made in the Twelfth Year _ of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, , " An Act for the better Encouragement of the making of ". Sail-cloth in Grcut-Britain,

Ordered \That it be au Instruction to the said Committee, diat tl)cy dp consider of so much of the Act, . made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act for "‘paying off, and auicelling,.One.Million of Exchequer " Bills, and for other Purposes therein mentioned," whereby an additional Duty, of Two Shillings for every , Bushel, was laid upon all Apples, imported after die. Lead Day of die Annunciation of the blessed Virgin Mixry, 1722.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Duty, laid upon compound Spirits by an Act, made in die Second Year of his present Majesty s Reign, intituled, "An Act for laying a Duty " upon compound Waters, or Spirits, and for licensing the Retailers thereof."

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of die whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising th* Supply granted to his Majesty.

You 21.

Ordered, That Mr. Burton have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Three of the Qlpck.

And he moved the House accordingly:

And an ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Miir*Ellatei Act for vesting Two undivided Fourth parts of the Manor of Greatham, and of other Lands and Hereditaments, in die County of Suffer, the Estate of Barbara Mill and Frances Mill, Spinsters, in Trustees, to enable them to join in the Sale of the said intire Manor, Lands, and Hereditaments, for raising Portions for them and their Tw'o Sitters, was read a Second time.

Hefolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Burton,

Mr. Sundys, Lord Gage, Sir Roger Meredith, Sir Richard

Lane, Mr. llozvney, Mr. Tilfon, Mr. Norris, Mr. Bramston, Mr. Neale, Mr. Papillo Mr. Alderman Barnard, Sir Richard Grosvenor, Mr. JVimiington, Mr.

More, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Cornexvall, Colonel Mr. Ducket, General Wade, Mr. Earle, Mr. Palmer,

Sir Edmund Bacon, Major Selxvyn, Mr. Mr. Holland, Mr. Fane, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Hales, Mr. Thompson, of York, Mr. Cluttcrbuclc, Mr. Martin, Mr. Thompson,

Sir IVm. Strickland, Sir James Grant, Mr. Mr.

Rcynell, Mr. Lyfier, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Orlebar, Air.

Bertie, Sir Charles Nicoll, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Drummond, Lord Morpeth, Sir John Shelley, Colonel Berkeley,

Air. Pulteney, Mr. Brookfbank, Mr. Leads, Sir Thomas Saunderson, Sir Abra. Elton, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Harley,

Sir JVm. Loxvther, M r. Williams, Mr. Harvey, Sir Robert

Cotton. Air. Ik at kin Williams Wynne, Mr. Knight, Mr.

Walcot, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Sir Roger Mojlynand all the Alembers that serve for the County of:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Cornewall have Leave to make a Alotion.

And he moved the House accordingly:

And an ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An puritonln-Act for inclosing and dividing a common Pasture Ground, closure. called A tomes Leaze, fitoate and lying in the Parish of Puritan, alias Pirton, in the County of Wilts, was read ' a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Air. -wall. Air. Winnington, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Papillon, Air.

Longueville, Sir John Shelley, Mr. , Mr. Martin,

Sir ( ha. Nicoll, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Alderman Barnard,

Lord Nassau Poxclett, Air., Lewis, Mr. Holland, Air.

More, Sir Thomas Saunderson, Sir Robert Cotton, Air.

Selxcyn, Mr. Drummond, Mr. Orlebar, Mr. Plumptre, Sir Richard Grosvenor, Mr. Digby, Mr. Reynell, Mr.

Air. Brudencll, Mr. Tilfon, Mr. Norris, Mr. Bramston, Air.

lloxi'ncy, Mr. Neale, Sir Roger Meredith, Mr. Burton,

Sir Richard Lane, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Moreton, Lord Gage, Colonel Berkeley, Mr. Fane, Mr. Brookfbank, Sir IVm. Lout her, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Williams, Mr.

JVillu/mi Wynne, Mr. Conduit, Mr. Lyf er, Mr. Clutter-

buck, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Earle, Mr. General

JVade, Mr. Hacks, Mr. Crojfe, Mr. Laroche, Captain

Purvis, Lord Alicklethwaite; and all the Members that

serve for the Counties of Wilts, Glouceand Somerset:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Seven of the

Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to fit, Committee* notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Morn-

ing next, Nine of the Clock.

10 Q

890

Totnkyn's Debt to the Crown.

Owze Navigation.

Gace's

Estate.

Supply Bill; Sinking hand, &c.

Woollen

Manufactures.

17° Afrilis.

A. 1732.

Luna, 170 die April'u;

Anno 5# Georgii II" Regis, 1732. Prayers.

SI R Charles Turner presented to the House (according to Order) a BH1 to enable the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer, for the Time being, to compound with Thomas Cashier

to the late Commissioners for licensing Hawkers, Pedlars, and petty Chapmen, for an Arrear he stands charged with to the Crown; and the same was received, and read the First time.

liefolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill for rendering more effectual an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First:, intituled, "An Act for " improving the Navigation of the River , in the " County of York," was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act for rendering more effectual an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act for improving " the Navigation of the River Owze, in the County of tl York

Ordered, That Mr. Thompson, of Yorkdo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Vyner reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for felling Part of the Estate of Joseph Gace, Esquire, for discharging several Debts and- Incumbrances affecting the fame, was committed; that tire Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the fame, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerks Table.

The said Bill was read the Third time. liefolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Vyner do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment

A Bill for the further Application of the Sinking Fund, by paying off One Million of South Sea Stock, was read a Second time.

liefolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

liefolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill to render more effectual an Act, passed in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act to prevent the Exportation of Wool out of the Kingdoms of Ireland and " England into foreign Parts, and for the Encouragement " of the Woollen Manufactures in the Kingdom of England," so far as the said Act relates to the Exportation of Woollen Manufactures out of into foreign Parts,

and for the Repeal of a Clause in an Act, made in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act for continuing several Laws " therein mentioned, and for explaining the Act to prevent the Exportation of Wool out of the Kingdoms of " Ireland and England into foreign Parts, and for the En-

" couragcment of the Woollen Manufactures in the Kingdom of England," whereby Leave was given to every Mariner, or Passenger, on board any Ship, to furnish himself with the Woollen Manufactory of Ireland, to the Amount of Forty Shillings, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that foe Title be, An additional Act for the Encouragement of the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom, by the more effectual preventing the unlawful Exportation of the Woollen Manufactures of the Kingdom of Ireland to foreign Parts.

Ordered, That Captain Vernon do carry foe Bill to the Lords, and desire, their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Half ord and Mr. Lighthouii;

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Staunton I*, confirming the Exchanges, Inclosure, and Divisions, of «W«. the common Fields, common Meadows, common Grounds, and Commons, within the Parish of Staunton, in the County of Wilts, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Bromleyi, exchanging of certain Lands between Henry Bromley, Ex- Esquire, and the Mailer, Fellows, and Scholars, of Bern- '*""* broke Hall, in the University of Cambridge; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act G«iaiaa\ to naturalize Joseph Guinand, and David Dumouchel, with &e. N«. f'ome Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire tire Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Paiton H* for enlarging the Term granted by an Act, made in the bo#r-Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for rebuilding the Pier and Harbour of Parton, in the County of Cumberland, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bromley's, for exchanging of certain Lands between Henry ,&<= Ex- Esquire, and the Master, Fellows, and Scholars, of Pm- c*"B8t-broke Hall, in the University of Cambridge, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Thompson, of York, reported from the Committee, Rebon&f to whom the Bill for the better and more easy rebuilding Tiverto* of the Town of Tiverton, in the County of Devon, and for Tow-determining Differences touching Houses, and Buildings, burnt down, ordemolished, by reason of the late dreadful Fire there, and for the better preventing Dangers from Fire for the future, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee bad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, mat the Clerk's Table; where the Amendments were once read throughout; and theh a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, fbme of them were disagreed to, and the rest were agreed unto, by the House; and several Amendments were made by the House to foe Bill.

Ordered, That foe Bill, with foe Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of William Smith, Esquire; and also, Dow»i-A Petition of Matthew White, Esquire; WIttr

Were severally presented to foe House, and read; alleging, that, if the Bill, now depending in this House, for making void foe several Contrafts, for Sale of the Estate of James, late Earl of Derwent-water, to Wm. Smith, Esquire, and also of the Annuity of £. 200. and foe Arrears thereof, during the Life of Charles Radcliffe, to Matthew White,

Esquire, and foe several Conveyances, made in pursuance of foe fame, should pals into a Law, it would defeat the Petitioiiers of the Benefit of foe said

Purchases,

Naai»J

MCI

far.;

k

5 Geo. II. 1f — 18* Jprilis. 891

Purchases, made under the Sanction of an Act of Parliament, and deprive them of their Property and Estate: And therefore praying to be heard by their x Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petitions do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time; and that the Petitioners, if they think fit, be then severally heard by their Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General do appoint Counsel, learned in the Law, to produce and manage the Evidence, at the Bar of this House, at the same time, for tire laid Bill.

Ordered, That the Order, of the Sixth of this instant April, for the Second reading of the said Bill upon Wednesday next, be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time, upon Friday Morning next.

A Motion was made, and the Question proposed, That the Witnesses, who shall be examined for, and against, the said Bill, at the Second reading thereof, be examined in the most l'olemn Manner:

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, f®T ]ImdCMm'} Cl.

' £Mr. Sandy a: 3

Teller's for the Noes, & T'mr-

£Mr. /Vumtngton:

So it passed in the Negative.

] 9&

The Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

t»ouf«<3are. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to coulider of tlte Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for the better Encouragement of the making " of Sail-cloth in Great

'ork Cloth Sir George Siccillc presented to the House (according to laaofofture. Order) a Bill for explaining, amending, and making more effectual, an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Eirft, intituled, "An Act for the better regulating the Manufacture of Cloth in the West Riding of the County of " Yorkand the same was received.

Ordered, That Sir George Savifle have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Five of the Clock.

And he moved the Iloufe accordingly:

And the said Bill was road the First time.

Refolded, That the Bill he read a Second time.

fents to the lame, to the Satisfaction of the Committee,‘ and that the Committee had directed him to report die Bill to the House, without any Amendment! And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

The said Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Sir John Jrlind C'ottm do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment

Mr. Sandys reported from the Committee to whom Congreve'* the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Elate, reftilying feme Mistakes in a Settlement, made by John Congreve, Esquire, and vesting his Seat and Estate in St ret ton, in the County of Stafford, in Trustees, to be sold, for better clearing the Debts, for which his eideft Son hands engaged, ^md purchasing another Estate, more suitable to the Occasions of his Family, to be settled in lieu thereof, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and the Parties concerned had given their Cott* fents to the fame, to the Satislaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

The said Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Sandys do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Conduit reported from the Committee to whom Furnefe'* the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to impower Sir Robert Furnefe, Baronet, to transfer and pay unto Richard Edgcumbe, Esquire, certain Government Securities, and Money, therein mentioned, and for settling Lands of equal Value, upon the same Trusts, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and the Parties concerned had given their Consente to the fame, to the Satisliiftion of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

The said Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved., That the Bill do pase.

Ordered, That Mr. Conduit do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, N ine of the Clock.

Martis, 18° die Aprilis;

Anno 5* Georgii IId‘ Regis, 1732. Prayers.

ImifEon* of /) RDERED, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill uorneys, v/ enable certain Persons to be admitted Attorneys; and for giving further Time for Clerks and Apprentices to pay Duties, omitted to be paid for their Indentures and Contracts; and that Mr. Clayton, Mr. Annejley, and Mr. IVinford, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

>bott'« Sir John Hind Cotton reported from the Committee to

ate* whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the real Estate, late of Robert Abbott, Esquire, deceased, for discharging his Debts and Incumbrances, and for making a Provision for his Widow, and only Son, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and the Parties concerned had given their Con-Vol. 21.

Mr. Forbes presented to the House (according to Order) Fees of a Bill for the Regulation of the Fees of the Writers to j.*" " [a* the Signet in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; Scotland. and the same was received, and read the First time:

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That the said Bill be read a Second time;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

}S0.

TeU^No} 8>‘

So it passed in the Negative.

Mr. Sandys from the Committee to whom the Peti- Charitable tion of the Proprietors of the Charitable Corporation, for Corporation Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, assembled in their General Court, is referred, acquainted the House, that the Committee had agreed upon a further Report, to be made to the House, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Thursday Morning next.

Mr.

Pees taken in Courts of Justice and by Law Officers.

892 18

Mr. Wyndhain reported from the Committee, to whom

the several Lists of the Officers, and their Deputies, belonging to the several Courts in /, and else-

where, with the Lifts, Accounts, and 'l'ables of Fees, claimed by them, which were presented to this House in the last and present Session of Parliament, and allb the Lifts, Accounts, and Tables of Fees, of the Officers, and Servants, belonging to the Judges of the several Courts in ll\stminster-hull, and the Circuits, the Associates, and Clerks of Assize, presented to this House in the Session of Parliament preceding the last, were referred, the Matter, as it appeared to them, with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read; and the Report and Resolutions are as follow; viz.

The Committee, taking into Consideration the great Number of Officers, and Clerks, who have presented to this House Lists of Fees, thought itnecefi'ary to examine into the Fees of the Officers of each Court separately, and to begin with the Court of Chancery, which is a Court always open, and which exercises the most extensive Jurisdiction, and abounds with Clerks, and Officers.

The Committee enquired, of w hat Officers the Court of Chancery did anciently, conlift, and what Regulation of their Fees had been made, and what Methods uted, to prevent the Increase of unnecefiiuy Officers, and the Exaction of illegal Fees.

It appeared to the Committee, that Commissions, to enquire into the Behaviour of Officers in Courts of Justice, ecclesiastical and civil, were frequently ifi'ued, in former Times, to several great Officers of the Kingdom, and others, with Power to correct Abuses, and with Direction to certify their Proceedings, either to the King in Council, or into the Court of Chancery.

The Inrolment of Two such Commissions in the Reign of James the First, and of Four in the lteign of Charles the First, were produced, to the Committee, from the Records in the Chapel of the Rolls; but no such Commission has issued since the Restoration of.1 the Second.

Another Method of reforming Abuses in the Courts of Justke was, by the Presentment of experienced Prafitifers, upon Oath, appointed by the Judges of the several Courts to enquire, what Fees had been exacted, other than the ancient and uiual Fees.

A Preferment, upon Oath, of Fifteen Persons, in the Fortieth of Elizabeth, for the better Reformation of sundry Exactions and Abuses, l'upposed to be committed by Officers, Clerks, and Ministers, in the;High Court of Chancery, was flic wed to the Committee; by which Preferment it plainly appeared, who were the Officers of the Court at that Time, and what were their legal Fees.

But, as the Officers of the Court of Chancery are exceedingly increased since that Time, by Patents and :Grants, and many Secretaries and Clerks, and other honorary Attendants upon the Judges of that Court, appear now to claim large Fees, whose Services were unknown to the ancient Prafitifers in the Fortieth of Elizabeth, the Committee thought it proper to make a List of such Offices, as appear to be ancient, and necessacy to the Justice of the Court; and a List of such, as have since grown up insensibfy into Office of great Profit, and much increased the Expence of the Proceedings of the Court.; which Lifts are hereunto annexed, Appendix, N° 1. and 2.

By the Presentment of Fees in the Fortieth of Elizabeth, -and by the Lists of pees, lately presented to this House, 'j it appears, that many Fees of several ancient Officers, then allowed, continue the same to this Time; particularly, of the Examiners, the Cursitors, the Clerk of the Subpoenas, the Clerk of the Chapel of the Rolls, the Cleiksof the Petty Bag, the Six Clerks, and others; whiUi flit Committee think very observable, and consider 3.- . J ] 6t of a good Regulation, once established,

hr . been able to preserve itself for above One

rilis. / A. 1732.

hundred and Thirty Years against the Incroachments of Officers on all Sides in the same Court.

'l he Abolition of the Court of Star-chamber, and of the Court of Wards and Liveries, together with all the Writs and Proceedings of thofef Courts, has extinguished some Offices, and reduced the Profit of feme uncieut Officers of the Court of Chancery; and the Alteration, which Time has introduced into the Practice of the Court, has greatly raised the Profits of other Officers, who are concerned in the Proceedings in Equity, by the multiplying of Petitions, Bills, Answers, Plcadings, Examinations, Decrees, and other Forms, and Copies of them, and extending them frequently to an unnecessary , Length.

It appeared to the Committee, that the Charge of drawing and entering an Order in the Court of Chancery anciently was but One or Two Shillings, and never exceeded Three Shillings, until the Time, that the Office of Ilegifter was erected, and a Grant made of it, and that all Orders, Dismissions, and Decrees, were eudorsed upon the Pleadings. The Fee of Three Shillings and Six Pence for each Side in all Causes, and of Seven Shillings a Side in Causes by Consent, now claimed by the Ilegifter, and his Deputies, appear to the Committee to be a heavy Burthen upon the Client, especially, considering the long Recitals in Decrees and Orders of late Times, which tire Deputy Ilegifters did acknowledge to eonfift frequently of Twenty, Thirty, Forty, or more, Sides, and considering, that other Forms in the same Court are charged Eight Pence, or at most Tw elve Pence, a Side.

The Charge of Eight Pence a Side for Copies, received by the Masters, and by the Six Clerks, is an ancient Fee, w here Copies are necessary; but the Committee were informed, that Copies are frequently forced upon the Client, contrary to his Desire, and claimed by Officers, as due to them, or charged by Solicitors, though neither claimed, or paid; which, considering the prodigious Length of some Forms, and that tire whole Proceedings in Causes conlift often of several Thousand Sheets, is a grievous Abuse, that ought to be reformed.

The Masters in Chancery claim Two Shillings for every Summons, which the Committee admit to be reasonable; but are informed, that Abuses have been often committed, by a great Number of Summons ilfuing, without any Attendance of the Clerks, or Solicitors, who uevertheleis may charge their Clients for such Summons, and their Attendance, because few Bills are regularly taxed before the Masters; which Mr. Halford and Mr. Eldc Masters, in Chancery, did affirm to be a principal Occasion of the Increase of Expence in Causes, the Solicitors generally taking upon themselves to tax one anothers Bills, and making what Allowances they think fit.

The Committee apprehend, that the Fees of the Secretaries, Clerks, anil other Officers, w ho do not appear to have been known formerly to the Court, have never undergone any publick Examination; that many different Offices render the Business of the Court very inconvenient to the Suitor, and greatly encourage the Demand of new Fees.

It appeared to the Committee, that Orders had sometimes been made, for the Officers to hang up publickly Lists of their Fees; most of which Lifts are since withdrawn, or have been suffered to decay, and become lb useless, that the Officers themselves seemed often doubtful, what Fees to claim, and most of them relied upon no better Evidence, than some Information from their Predecessors, or the Deputies of their Predecessors, that such Fees had been demanded, and received.

Among the various Claims of those, who now call themselves Officers of the Court of Chancery, none appeared more extraordinary to the Committee, than the Fee of tire Secretary and Clerk of the Briefs; who, upon Grants, to enable Persons to beg and collect Alms, claim, and frequently receive, a Fee of Forty, Fifty, or Sixty, Pounds; and the Ilegifter takes, besides, Twelve or Thirteen Pounds, for stamping and telling the Briefs; which Fees,

5 Geo. II.

with other great Charges upon the Collection, devour Three Parts in Four of what is given for the Relief of Persons, reduced to extreme Poverty by Fire, or other Accidents.

The Clerk of the Lunaticks and Ideots informed the Committee, that he had never seen any Account of his Fees, till lately; he believes, not till a List of them was ordered to be laid before this House: That Mr. Lewis, who had been his Deputy in his Office for Thirty-four Years, had constantly refuled to shew any List to Mr. Bennett his Predecessor; and that he had no other Rule in the Demand of his Fees, for Three or Four Years, but Receipts, and loose Papers, which he found in his Office; but that the Fees, which be took, appear to agree exactly with the Fees contained in the Lift, which he has so lately discovered.

Such were the Accounts of Fees, which the Officers gave the Committee , who took into ConOderation the great Difficulty they had even to discover, of what Officers, Clerks, and Ministers the Court of Chancery does at present consist, or in what Terms to describe their Offices and Employments, lb as to make them discover themselves} and observing, how little able, or willing, many Officers were to give any satisfadiory Account of the Fees they claim, and receive, came to the following Resolutions: Resolved.That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the long Dilute of publick Enquiries into the Behaviour of the Officers, Clerks, and Ministers, of the Courts of Justice, has been an Occasion of the Increase -of unnecessary Officers, and given Encouragement to the taking illegal Fees.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Interest, which a great Number of Officers, and Clerks, have in the Proceedings in the Court of Chancery, has been a principal Cause of extending Bills, Answers, Pleadings, Examinations, and other Forms, and Copies of them, to an unnecessary Length, to the great Delay of Justice, and the Oppression of the Subject.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Table of all the Officers, Ministers, and Clerks, and of their Fees, in the Court of Chancery, fljould be' fixed and established by Authority; which Table should be registered in a Book in the said Court, to be at all Times inspected gratis, and a Copy of it, signed and attested by the Judges of the Court, should be returned to each House of Parliament, to remain among the Records.

Appendix.

N‘

A Lift of the Officers of the Court of Chancery in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth.

THE Matters of the Chancery.

The Clerk of the Crown.

The Prothonotary.

The Clerk of the Hanaper.

The Six Clerks.

The Clerks of the Petty Bag.

The Examiners.

The Curiitors.

The Hegifter.

The Warden of the Fleet.

The Ulher.

The Sealer and Chaff-wax.

The Clerk of the Dispensations and and Faculti.

The Clerk of the L;atts.

The Clerk for Commissions of Appeal.

The Clerk of the Records in the Tower.

The Clerk for Licences and Pardons of Alienations.

The Clerk for writing of Custodies and Process out of the Court of Wards.

The Clerk for writing the Process in the Star-chamber.

The Clerk for writing Subpoena's in the Chancer)'.

The Clerk for writing of Presentations.

The Clerk for writing of Protections for Hospitals.

The Clerk for writing of Licences for Wines.

Vol. 21.

The Office for filing of the English Pleadings, exhibited in Chancery.

The Office for the Examination of Letters Patents in the Chancery.

The Clerk of the Chapel in the Rolls.

The Clerks of the Inrolments.

N*a.

A Lift of the Officers of the Court of Chancery in the Year 173a.

THE Matters in Chancery.

The Clerk of the Crown.

The Prothonotary.

The Clerk of the Hanaper.

The Comptrollers of the Hanaper:

The Six Clerks.

The Sixty Clerks.

The Clerks of the Petty Bag.

The Examiners.

The Copying Clerks in the Office of the Examiners. The Cursitors.

The Register.

The Clerk of the Reports, 7 ., , r\a.

The Entering ClertT " the E*S'«'r s Office-The Watden of the Fleet.

The Ulher.

The Sealer.

The Chaff-wax:

The Clerk of the Dispensations and Faculties.

The Clerk of the Presentations:

The. Clerk of the Leases.

The Keeper of the Records in the Tewer.

The Patentees of the Subpaifa Office. The Clerk of the Chapel of the Rolls.

The Clerks of the Inrolments.

The Clerk of the Patents.

The Clerk of the Briefs.

The Clerk of die Custodies, and Patentee for making out of Commissions of Lunaticks and Ideots.

The Patentee of the Six-peny Writ Office.

The Patentees lor making out Commission of Bankrupt. The Register for inrolling Proceedings in Matters of Bankruptcy.

The Register of Affidavits.

The Receiver of the Fines.

The Serjeant at Arms, attending the great Seal.

The Meflfenger, attending the great Seal.

The Doorkeeper of the Court,

The Purtt-bearer,

The Secretary,

The Secretary of the Presentations,

The Secretary of the Commissions of the Peace, &c.

The Secretary of the Commissions of Lunacy and Ideotcy,

The Secretary of the Commissions of Bankrupt,

The Secretary of the Briefs,

The Secretary of Decrees and Injunctions,

The Secretary of Appeals,

The Gentlemen of the Chambers,

The Ulher of the Hall,

The Porter,

The Secretaries,

The Secretary of Causes,

The Secretary of Decrees and jundtions.

The Gentlemen of the Chamber.

The First Resolution being read a Second dme; Resolved, nemine contradicente. That the House doth, agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That the long Disuse of publick Enquiries into the Behaviour of the Officers, Clerks, and Ministers, of the Courts of Justice, has been an Occasion of the Increase of unnecessary Officers, and given Encouragement to the taking illegal Fees.

10 R The

Fees taken in Courts of

Justice and jr Law Officers,

\To the Lord ' Chancellor.

-I

To the Mailer of the Rolls.

18* Aprilis.

A.

1732.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time; An ingrossed Bill for the better and more easy rebuild-Resolved nemine contradicente, That the House doth ing the Town of ,in the County of Devon,

agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That and for determining Differences touching Houses, and the Interest, which a great Number of Officers, and Clerks, Buildings, burnt down, or demo'ished, by reason of the

Rebuiidlif

TirettM

Town.

have in the Proceedings in the Court of Chancery, has been a principal Cause of extending Bills, Answers, Pleadings, Examinations, and other Forms, and Copies of them, to an unnecessary Length, to the great Delay of Justice, and the Oppression of the Subject.

The Third Resolution being read a Second time;

late dreadful Fire there, and for the better preventing Dangers from Fire for the future, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for the better and more easy rebuilding of the Town of Tiverton, in the County of , and for de-

Resolved, ntmine contradicente, That the House doth termining Differences touching Houses, and Buildings,

burnt down, or demolished, by reason of the late dreadful Fire there, and for the better preventing Dangers from Fire for the future.

Ordered, That Sir William Y do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

After which, the Blank, left in the Bill, for the Title thereof, was filled up by the Clerk at the Tabic.

A Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the

agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That a Table of all the Officers, Ministers, and Clerks, and of their Fees, in the Court of Chancery, should be fixed and established by Authority; which Table should be registered in a Book in the said Court, to be at all Times inspected gratis, and a Copy of it, signed and attested by the Judges of the Court, should be returned to each House of Parliament, to remain among the Records.

Resolved, nemine contradicente, That an humble Address

be presented to his Majesty, that he will be graciously Ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George *nnJi»

pleased to give Directions, that a Survey be taken of the Officers, Clerks, and Ministers, of the Courts of Justice in this Kingdom, and that an Enquiry be made into their Fees in order to reform the fame, as to such, as have been imposed upon the Subject contrary to Right, and to establish what are reasonable, and legal, in such Manner, as his Majesty in his great Wisdom shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That the said Report, with the Appendix thereunto, and the Proceedings of the House thereupon, be printed; and that Mr. Speaker do appoint the printing thereof; and that no Person, but such, as he shall appoint, do presume to print the fame.

the First, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual " punishing wicked and evil-disposed Persons, going " armed in Disguise, and doing Injuries and Violences to the Persons and Properties of his Majesty's Subjects, and for the more speedy bringing the Offenders " to Justice," was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Tower, Mr. Orlebar, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. More, Mr. Papillon, Sir

Thomas Hobby, Lord Harry Powlett, Mr. , Mr, Heathcote, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Brudendl, Mr. Burton, Major Selzuyn, Colonel Negus, Mr. Holland, Mr. Earle, Mr. Lyster, Sir Geo. Cafwall, Mr. fVynne, Mr. Hugh Williams, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Alderman Barnard. Mr. 'Bertie, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Crispe, Sir Wm. Milner, Mr. Bacon; and all the Members, that serve for the Counties of Surry, Southampton,

and Bucks: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Call of the House be further

Can or ik Hook.

York Cloth A Petition of the Makers of Kerseys, Plains, and other ManufkAure. narrow Woollen Cloths, whose names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and others. Makers of such narrow Cloths, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; complaining, that the Petitioners, having served their Apprentice- adjourned till this Day Month.

ships to Clothiers, Makers of such narrow Woollen Cloths, before the Act, made in the Eleventh Year of his late The House resolved itself into a Committee of the New at Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for whole House, upon the Bill to impower the Commis- 0tbn2£ " the better regulating the Manufacture of Cloth in the sioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or the Lord High " West Riding of the County of York,' are restrained, Treasurer, for the Time being, to make forth Handing by a Provision in that Act, from making any broad Cloth, Orders, according to an Act, passed in the Eighth Year though equally qualified for that Business: And therefore of the Reign of his late Majesty, King George the First, praying, that in the Bill for the Continuance of the said in lieu of Nevis and Saint Debentures, made

Act, Provision may be made, for exempting the Petitioners, and other Makers of narrow Woollen Cloths in the said West Riding, whole Number amounts to Ten thousand, and upwanis, from the said Restraint, or for

out in the Names of certain Proprietors, for their Lodes, to such Persons, who have purchased the said Debentures of their Attorneys, or Agents, the original Proprietors thereof, their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, not

the Relief of such narrow Cloth Makers, in such Manner, claiming, and making out their Property to, such Deben-

as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for explaining, amending, and making more effectual, an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the better regulating the Manu- they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend* " fasture of Cloth in the West Riding of the County of ments thereunto, which they had directed him toreport,

tures, within a certain Time, to be limited in the Bill. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that

York," be read a Second time.

Frivolous

Arrests.

when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Sir Cecill Bishop and Mr. be added

A Bill t6 ekplaifi, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the* Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act " to prevent frivolous and vexatious Arrests" was read a to the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Second tune. Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Two undivided

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. Fourth Parts of the Manor of and of other

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee Lands and Hereditaments; in the County of the of the whole House. Estate' of Barbara Mill and France. Spinsters, in

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, Trustees, to enable them to join in the Sale of the said resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon intire Manor, Lands, and Hereditaments, for raising the said Bill. Portions foe them and their Two Sifters, is committed.

And

MIS

it*

5 Geo. II.

190

895

And then the Hoofe adjourned till Tomorrow made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act to

Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 190 die Apr His; Anno 5® Geoi-gii II" Regis, 1732.. Prayers.

Staunton

inclosure.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming the Exchanges, inclosure, and Divisions of the common Fields, common Meadows, ‘"'his "frife, born at Delft in and '

naturalize Joseph Guinand, and David

And the said Amendments were read, and are as fdr lows; viz.

Press 1. L. 6. Leave out and."

L. 8. After " Nor" insert " Charles Holzendorf, F.squire, Son of Ernst Holzendorf by So- phia Elizabeth his Wife, born at , in Germany;

" James Dulamon Son of James Dulamon, by Jeane his " Wife, born at Montdemarfan, in Guienne; Isaac Van Af~ "fende/ft, Son of William Van by Mdgtel

Fees taken in Courts of Justice and by Law Oficcra.

common Grounds, and Commons, within the Parish of Staunton, in the County of Wilts, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the several llesolutions of the Committee, to whom the several Lists of the Officers, and their

Berent, Son of Hermanus B, by Regina his Wife, 44 born at Amsterdam, in Holland" L. 20. Leave out the First " andand, in the same Line, after " Dum" insert " Charles Holzendorf , James DulamonIfaac Van and

" Hermanns Berens."

L. 33. Leave out the First " and and, in

Deputies, belonging to the several Courts in Westminster- the same Line, after 44 " Insert Charles Hol-

hall, and elsewhere, with the Lifts, Accounts, and Tables of Fees, claimed by them, which were presented to this House in the last and present Session of Parliament, and also the Lifts, Accounts, and Tables of Fees, of the Officers and Servants, belonging to the Judges of the several Courts \n Westminster-hall, and the Circuits, the A flbeiates

and Clerks of Assize, presented to this House in the Session of Parliament preceding the last, were referred, which ftesolutions were Yesterday agreed unto by the House, be humbly laid before his Majesty at the same time, when their Address of Yesterday, That his Majesty will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that a Survey be taken of the Officers, Clerks, and Ministers, of the Courts of Justice in this Kingdom, and that an Enquiry be made into their Fees, m order to reform the fame, as to such as have been imposed upon the Subjectcontraryto Right, and to establish what are reasonable, and legal, in such

44 zendorf, James Dulamon, Isaac Van and Her-

44 manus Berens

Prels 2. L. 23. Leave out the Fitft and and, in the same Line, after44 Dumouchel" insert Charles Hoi- zendorf, James Dulamon, Isaac Van , and Her'

44 manus Berens."

L. £2. Leave out the First and ;* and, in the same Line, after Dumouchel" insert " Charles " Holzendorf, James Dulamon, Isaac Van , and

44 Hermanus Berens.'*

In the Title of the Bill, L. 2. leave out44 and j" and at the End of the Title add and others."

The laid Amendments, being federally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Thompson, of York, do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House

Manner as his Majesty, in his great Wisdom, shall think hath agreed to the Amendments, made by their Lord-

fit, shall be presented to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the said Order be printed with the other Proceedings of the House upon the Report from the said Committee, which have been ordered to be printed.

ships.

Hint

Effete.

EastTnd.it

Trade.

Importing

Brandies

from

Dunkirk.

Guhuad't

Ire. Nat.

Sir Charles turner (according to Order) reported from Nevis and St. the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to '^opher* impower the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury* or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, to make An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act forth Handing Orders, according to an Act, passed in the for making effectual an Agreement between Sir Ralph Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George Hare and his Brothers, for raising Money upon Part of the First, in lieu of Nevis and St. Christophers Deben-his entailed Estate, and for settling other Estates, not tures, made out in the Names of certain Proprietors, for entailed, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, was read the their Losses, to such Persons, who have purchased the said Third time. Debentures of their Attorneys, or Agents, the original

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do Proprietors thereof, their Heirs, Executors, or Admini-pass. strators, not claiming, and making out their Property to.

Ordered, That Sir Edmund Bacon, of Garboldi/ham, do such Debentures, within a certain Time, to be limited in carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this the Bill, was committed, the Amendments, which the House hath agreed to the lame, with some Amendments; Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had to which Amendments this House doth define the Con- directed him to report to the House: And he read the currence of their Lordships. Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill,

with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where Mr. thomas Tower presented to the House (according the Amendments were once read throughout, and then to Order) a Bill for reviving an Act, made in the Fifth a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

First, intituled, 4‘ An Act for the better securing the Or, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be lawful Trade of his Majesty's Subjects to and from the ingrossed.

East Indies, and for the more effectual preventing all

Ordered, That Mr. Coplefion, Mr. Plumptre, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Daniel , Mr. Corbett, Mr. Crotule,

Mr. CroJJe, Mr, Digby, Mr. Harrison, Mr. Hucks, Sir Wilfrid Lawson, Sir Roger , and Mr. Butrari,

Ordered, That the Representation, made by the Com- be added to the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill missionersof his Majesty's Customs to the Commissioners from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of for executing the Office of Treasurer of his Majesty's Ex- the Estate of S\t William Gerard, Baronet, a Lurtatick, chequer, relating to the Importation of Brandies from for Payment of ltis Debts, and other Purposes therein Dunkirk, with the Directions given by the Commissioners mentioned, is committed, for executing the Office of Treasurer of his Majesty's

Exchequer thereupon, be laid before this House. A Bill for reviving an Act, made in the Tenth Ifttk

of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First,

The House took into Consideration the Amendments, intityfed, 44 An Act for the better viewing, searching,

Vo*.. 21. 44 and

44 his Majesty's Subjects trading thither under foreign Commissionswas read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Gerard'*

Eftat*.

Examining

Drugs,

896 ip0 — io

" and examining, all Drugs, Medicines* Waters, Oils, u Compositions, used or to be used, for Medicines, in all " Places, where the same Hi all be exposed to Sale, or kept for that Purpose, within the City of , and " Suburbs thereof, or within Seven Miles Circuit of the " said City," was read a Second time,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Tower, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. Fane, Mr. Huxley, Mr. Richard Plummer, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Plummer, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Gybbon, Sir John oul, Sir William Tonge, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Burton, Sir Thomas Robinson, Mr. Doddington, Mr. , Co-

lonel Selzvyn, Mr. Wyndham, Mr. Orlebar, Mr. Scrope, Mr. Crijp, Lord Gage, Sir Elton, Mr. Waller, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. Heathcote, Lord Morpeth, Mr.

Plumptre, Mr. Oglethorpe, Colonel Cope, Mr. Williams, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Mr. Brooksbank, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Bowles, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Tilfon, Mr. Cartwright, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Philips, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Hales, Sir Geo. Sir Roger Mere-

dith, Mr. CroJJe, Mr. Cr Mr. Digby, Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Wm. Heathcote, Sir Mr. Lyjler: And

all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Master, Wardens, and Society, of the Art and Mystery of Apothecaries, of the City of London, which was presented to the House on Thurjdaylaft, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee; and that the Petitioners, if they think fit, be heard by their Counsel before the said Committee, according to the Prayer of their Petition.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Sail-cloth Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Month,

MamifeAure. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for the better Encouragement of the making of " Sail-cloth in Great Bri."

Frivolous The House resolved itself into a Committeeof the whole

Arrestt. House, upon the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act to prevent frivolous and vexatious Arrests."

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Tower took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Tower reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning, at Eleven of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovisy200 Aprilis;

Anno 5* Georgii IP' Regis, 17J2.

Prayers.

Swinburn'i A /TR. Bowes reported from the Committee, to whom Estate. J.VX the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for raising Money out of the Estate, late of Surtees Swinburn, Esquire, deceased, for compounding and paying the Portions, charged thereon, to his younger Sons, William and Robert Swinburn, and for paying the Debts of Cuthbert Swinburn, Esquire, deceased, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same 10 be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and the Parties con-

*Aprilis. A. 173a.

cerned had given their Consents to the fame, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

The said Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Bozves do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Thomas Tower reported from the Committee, to Pofoaipia. whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in undi» the Ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act for the more " effectual punishing wicked and evil-disposed Persons,

" going armed in Disguise, and doing Injuries and Violences to the Persons and Properties of his Majesty's " Subjects, and for the more speedy bringing the " Offenders to Justice," was committed; that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the Report was read; and the Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Thomas Tower (according to Order) reported from FriwloM the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to Amfc. explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act to prevent frivolous " and vexatious Arrests," was referred, the Amendments made by the Committee to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to one of them, agreed unto' by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That upon every Copy of Process, to be served upon any Defendant, shall be written an English Notice to such Defendant, of the Intent and Meaning of such Service, for which no Fee shall be demanded.

And the said Clause was twice read, and amended; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

And several Amendments, were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn- Procrfi ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole aR*in*p"‘. House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled,

An Act for making Process in Courts of Equity effectual against Persons who abscond, and cannot be served therewith, or who refuse to appear.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the cbtriablr further Report from the Committee, to whom the Peti- Qtponm tion of the Proprietors of the Charitable Corporation, for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with ftnall Sums upon Pledges, at legal Interest, assembled in their general Court, is referred;

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go with the Mace into Westminster-hall, and into the Court of Requests, and Places adjacent, and summon the Members there to attend the Service of the House.

And

£ Geo. II. 20° —

And he went accordingly:

And being returned;

Mr. Sandys reported from the said Committee, that the

Committee had agreed upon a further Report of their Proceedings, which they had directed him to make: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table, together with the Appendix thereunto.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report, and Appendix, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Verier is >210 die Aprilis\

Anno 5® Georgii IP* Regis, 1732.

Prayers.

Admission of TV f R. Clayton presented to the House (according to Attorneys. lVJL Order) a Bill to enable certain Persons to be admitted Attorneys; and for giving further Time for Clerks and Apprentices to pay Duties, omitted to be paid for their Indentures and Contracts: And the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Frivolous A Petition of the Mayor, Common-council-mcn, and Arreils. Burgesses, and principal Inhabitants, of the Borough and Town of Marlborough, in the County of Wilts, for and on behalf of themselves, and other the Inhabitants of the said Borough, was presented to the House, and read; complaining, that the Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act to prevent frivolous and vexatious " Arrests," hath, by taking away special Bait in Debts under Forty Shillings, greatly infringed the Liberties and Privileges of the said Borough, and increase d the Fees and Charges in recovering small Debts, letlened Credit, and hindered Trade, within the said Borough: And therefore praying the House to make Provision for preserving the ancient Jurisdiction of the said Borough, or to give the Petitioners such Relief, as to the House, shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Great Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Bedwm W/it. Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electinga Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Great Bcdwin, in the County of , in the room of Sir William Baronet, deceased.

East India. A Bill for reviving an Act, made in the Fifth Year of Trade. the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act for the better securing the lawful " Trade of his Majesty's Subjects to and from the

Indies, and for the more effectual preventing all his Majesty's Subjects trading thither under foreign Commissions," was read a Second time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Tower, Mr. Brown, Mr. Winning!on Mr. Sir Charles

Turner, Mr. Crispe, Mr. Winford, Mr. Sir

Charles A deoil, Mr. Vincent, Sir Roger Sir

Tko. Lee, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Sir James Thorn-

hill, Mr. Wyndham., Mr. Owen, Mr. Burton, Mr. Harrison, Mr. Page, Mr. Gib [on, Mr. Chetzvynd, Mr.

Mr. Lawjon, Mr. Yor Mr. Longuevil/e, Mr.

wright, Mr. Philips, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Bacon, Sir James Campbell, Mr, Lockyer, Mr. Heathcote, Mr.

Sir Nathanael Curztn, Major Han bury, Mr. Watkin Williams Wynne, Mr. Mr. Laroche; and all the

Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Vol. ‘Jl.

0 Aprilis. 897

A Bill for explaining, amending, and making more York Cloth effectual, an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign Manufatttire of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act for the better regulating the Manufacturee of Cloth " in the West Riding of the County of York," was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Savi/le, Sir Wm.Milner, Mr. Thompson, of York, Mr.

Comptroller, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Scrope, Mr.

Flumptre, Mr. Gregory, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Knight,

Mr. Ramsden, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Mr. St. Quin tin,

Mr. Ingram, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Mr. Burton, Mr. Orlebar, Sir Gilbert Heathcote, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Harrison,

Mr. Crispe, Mr. Wyndham, Mr. Mr. Bacon,

Lord Vane, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Bertie, Sir Geo. Cafwall, Sir Reger Moftin, Sir Nathanael Curzon,

Mr. Sandys, Mr. Norris, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Thompson, Sir James Campbell, Sir James Thornhill, Mr. Lyjler-, and all the Members, that serve for the County of York; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Justices of the Peace,

Gentlemen, Merchants, and Clothiers, MakersofKerfeys,

Plains, and other narrow Cloths, in the West Riding of the County of York, which was presented to the House upon the Third of this Instant, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Makers of Kerseys,

Plains, and other narrow Woollen Cloths, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and others, Makers of such narrow Cloths, in the West Riding of the County of York,w'hich was presented to the House on Tuesday last, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, that their AnlWertd Address, of Tuesday last. That his Majesty would be Addrtfi; graciously pleased to give Directions, that a Survey be taken of the Officers, Clerks, and Ministers, of the Courts of Justice in this Kingdom, and that an Enquiry be made into their Fees, in order to reform the fame, as to such, as have been imposed upon the Subject contrary , to Right, and to establish what arc reasonable, and legal, in such Manner, as his Majesty in his great Wisdom shall think fit, had been presented to his Majesty j and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint tjiis House, that he will give Directions accordingly.

Mr. Comptroller also reported to the House, that their Resolutions, of Tuesday last, had likewise been laid before his Majesty.

An ingrossed Blll'to impow'er the Commissioners of his ^>eT.lsan/iSt, Majesty's Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer, for the debentures! Time being, to make forth (landing Orders, according to an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George<he First, in lieu of Nevis and St. Ckrijlopbers' Debentures, made out in the Names of certain Proprietors, for their Losses, to such Persons, who have purchased the said Debentures of their Attorneys, or Agents, the original Proprietors thereof, their Heirs,

Executors, or Ad mini ft raters, not claiming, and making out their Property to, such Debentures, within a certain Time, to be limited in the Bill, was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill;

viz.

Prest 5. L. 30. To leave out the Word " Lords."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act to impower the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer, for the Time being, to make forth Handing Orders, according to an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of five Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, in lieu of Nevis and

1 o S Saint

21® Apri

A. 1732.

Saint Christophers Debentures, made out in the Names

of certain Proprietors, for their Losses, to such Persons, who have purchased the said Debentures of their Attorneys, or Agents, the original Proprietors thereof, their Heirs> Executors, or Administrators, not claiming, and making out their Property to, such Debentures, within the Time limited in the Bill.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Turner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

West*, tec. Mr. Laroche reported from the Committee, to whom Agreement, the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to establish and confirm an Agreement, made between John West, Esquire, on the behalf of his Daughters, Mary West and Frances West, Infants, Sir Francis Vyvyan, Baronet, and Mary Erifey, and to render the same effectual, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and the Parties concerned had given their Contents to the fame, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and

Mr. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

Paddington The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Church-yard. for enlarging the Church-yard of the Parish of Paddington, in the County of Middlesex, with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

Improvement The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act of Tillage. for amending, and making more effectual. an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King James the Second, intituled, " An additional Act for the Improvement of Tillage," without any Amendment: And also, Scarborough The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Harbour, to enlarge the Pier and Harbour of , in the County of York, without any Amendment: And also, MdUce's The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Estate. for Sale of the Estate of Sir William Morice, Baronet, in Padftow, in the County of Cornwall, and for settling another Estate, of better Value, to the same Uses, in lieu thereof, without any Amendment: And also,

Hare's The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by Estate. this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making effectual an Agreement between Sir Ralph Hare, and his Brothers, for raising Money upon Part of his entailed Estate, and for settling other Estates, not entailed, of greater Value, in lieu thereof: And also,

Lambe's The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by Estate. this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Estate of John Esquire, in Trustees, for

raising Money to discharge several Mortgages, and other Debts and Incumbrances therein mentioned.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

BuAveli's Sir Nathanael Curzon reported from the Committee, to Estates. whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Lands and Estates in the Counties of Stafford, Leicester, Rutland, and Northampton, late the Estates of Sir Eusebius Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for the Payment of his Debts, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the lame, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

The said Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Sir Nathanael Cwzon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment-

22

An ingrafted Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act to prevent frivolous and vexatious Arrests,' was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press 3. L. 8. After the Words* Day of " to insert these Words, as the same shall happen to be."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act to " prevent frivolous and vexatious Arrests."

Ordered, That Sir William Tonge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for exchanging of certain Lands between Henry Bromley, Esquire, and the Mailer, Fellows, and Scholars, of Pembroke Hall, in the University of Cambridge, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Winnington, Mr. Fox, Mr. Shepheard, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Tilfon, Mr. Williams, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Sir

John Hind Cotton, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Mr.

Longuevil/e, Mr. Lehettp, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Burton, Mr. Orlebar, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Campbell, of Pembr, Sir Charles Ntcoll, Mr. Par font. Colonel Bucket, Mr.

Tower, Mr. Watkin Williams Wynne, Mr. Yorke, Sir IVm. Tonge, Mr. Annesley, Mr. Oglethorpe, Mr. , Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Owen, Mr. Palmer, Sir Edmund Bacon, Sir Rowland A/fton, Mr. AI ling ten, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Bootle, Sir Geo. Sa-

ville, Mr. Thompson, Sir Gilbert Heathcote\ and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Cambridge, Huntingdon, and Bedford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill to enable the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, Or the Lord High Treasurer, for the Time being, to compound with Thomas Tomkyns, Caftiier to the late Commissioners for licensing Hawkers, Pedlars, and petty Chapmen, for an Arrear, he (lands charged with to the Crown, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House being informed, that Mr. Carkeffe, Secretary to the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door, he was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Return to their Order of Wednesday last, for laying before the House the Representation, made by the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs to the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of his Majesty's Exchequer, relating to the Importation of Brandies from Dunkirk, with the Directions, given by the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of his Majesty's Exchequer thereupon; and also.

Copy of a Report to the Treasury from the Commissioners of the Customs, made the 24th of March, 173?-, on the Petition of Thomas Ellis, relating to the Importation of Brandy from Dunkirk.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Return, and the Title of the said Copy, were read.

The said Return, and Copy of the Report to the Treasury, from the Commissioners of the Customs, are as follows; viz.

To

FrirnlcM

Ami.

Br-Wfi'i,

it.

Eidunp.

Tot.Itoj Debttotht Crow. '

Iirpurjp> Bnrdv iron Dunkirk.

9

5 Gfco. II. 2ih Jprilis\ 899

To the honourable the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled: '

Having received the Commands of the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury to lay before this honourable House, pursuant to an Order, of the 19th Instant,

Copy of a Representation to the Lords of the Treasury, relating to the Importation of Brandy from with the Directions given by the Treasury thereupon;

Wehumbly acquaint this honourable House, that there has been no Representation made by this Board to the Treasury concerning that Matter; but we herewith lay before you. Copy of a Report to their Lordships, dated the 24th March, 173?, on a referred Petition of Thomas EUis, relating to a Parcel of Brandy, imported by him from Dunkirk, which he entered as Flemish, and the Offi-

cers, by our Orders, seized the lame, as French Brandy; and their Lordships, upon Consideration thereof, were of Opinion, that the Prosecution should go on; and we proceeded accordingly; but, on a Trial in the Court of Exchequer, a*Verdict was given for the Defendant.

Which is humbly submitted. Custom-house, London, Evelyn,

21 April, 1732. T. Walker, Charles Peers.

May it please your Lordships:

In Obedience to your Commands, signified to us by Mr. Frecker, on the annexed Petition of Thomas Ellis, setting forth that he has lately imported from Dunkirk a Parcel of Brandie-, and paid Duty for them as which are seized as French; that, for Seven Years lall pad, Brandies have been permit ted to come from paying the Flemish Duties; and that in the same Ship, in which these came, there was 130 Tons of Brandy permitted to pal's, on paying the Flemish Duty, without being seized, although sold at the Custom-house Keys for French Brandy; praying he may be put upon the same foot with the rest of the Merchants, and have his Brandy restored, and Satisfaction for the Damages he has sustained; your Lordships directing us to consider the fame, and report a State of the Cafe, with our Opinion, what is fit to be done therein;

We humbly report, that it is true, as the Petitioner alleges, that considerable Quantities of Brandy have been imported at this and other Ports from Dunkirk, for some Years part, and entered by the Merchants as Flemish Brandy, and passed, as such, by the proper Officers at the Water-fide, they not having sufficient Proof to the contrary; but we have constantly given them Directions, that, whenever they had Proof, the Brandy, entered as Flemish, was really French, to seize it.

Wefurtheracquaint your Lordships, that the Petitioner having, in the Newspapers, advertii'ed the Sale of French Brandy, just landed at the Keys, and being informed, that Part of that Parcel of Brandy, which the Petitioner had imported, and entered as , had been sold by

him for French Brandy upon the Keys, we directed the

Land Surveyor to seize it there; which wc thought our Duty to do; but not having the same Information, and Proof, against the rest of the Brandy, imported in the same Ship, we did not direct the Officers to seize that.

All which is humbly submitted to your Lordships Consideration.

Custom-house, London, Hill,

24 March, 173?-. J. Stanley,

Copy. T. Walker,

Cha. CarkeJJe, Secretary. C. Peers.

Mr. Carkeffe was again called in, and examined in relation to the Duties, paid for Brandies imported from Dunkirk.

And then he withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The Orders of the Day were read;

Guilin*1' The Order being read, for the House to resolve itself Fu "a '&c. a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for

Vo l. 21.

the further Application of the Sinking Fund,'by paying off One Million of South Sea Stock;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause of Appropriation.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, and Orders, loft, burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair.

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon thtf laid Bill.

The Order, for the Second Reading of the Bill for Derwe»twjt«f making void the several Contracts, for Sale of the Estate Estate. of James, late Earl of Derzventwater, to William Smith,

Esquire, and also the Annuity of £.100. and the Arrears thereof, during the Life of Charles Radc/iffe, to Matthew White, Esquire, and the several Conveyances, made in purluar.ee of the fame, being read;

The Counsel were called in: And Part of the Bill Was read a Second time.

And Francis Whitworth, Esquire, returned a Burgess a Member for the Borough of Minehead, in the County of Somerset, take* Oaths, appearing within the House, in order to be introduced, and sworn;

The Counsel were directed to withdraw:

And being withdrawn;

Mr. Whitworth was introduced, and took the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, pursuant to the Laws made for those Purposes.

Then the Counsel were again called in: And the rest Derwentwmr of the Bill was read a Second time. ElUte.

And the several Petitions, which had been presented to the House, against the Bill, were also read.

And the Counsel for the Bill were heard; and produced several Deeds, recited in the Bill; and examined several Witnesses: And a Copy of the Record of the Attainder of Charles Radcliffe was read; and several Entries in a Minure Book of the Secretary to the Commissioners and Trustees for Sale of the forfeited Estates, were also read.

And then the Counsel were directed to withdraw.

And the Sixth Section of an AC1, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act for vesting the forfeited Estates " in Great Britain and Ireland in Trustees, to be sold for " the Use of the Publick, and for giving Relief to lawful " Creditors, by determining the Claims, and for the " more effectual bringing into the respective Exchequers " the Rents and Profits of the said Estates, till fold," was read.

Resolved, neminecontradtcente, That the Counsel for the Bill be admitted to give parole Evidence, tocontradift an Entry in aMinuteBook of the Doings and Proceedings of the Commissioners and Trustees for the forfeited Estates, to be sold for the publick Use.

The Counsel were again called in, and Mr. Speaker acquainted them with the said Resolution.

And then the Counsel for the Petitioners examined several other Witnesses: And several Entries in the said Minute Book, and in a Book of Contracts, and a Book of Conveyances, belonging to the said Commissioners and: Trustees, were also read ;s and Two Precepts of some of the said Commissioners and Trustees, severally directinj*

William Smith, Esquire, and Matthew White, Esquire, to pay the Consideration-money of their respective Purchase, into the Exchequer, at the Times, and in the Manners therein prescribed, were also read; and a Receipt from Matthew White, Esquire, of the Arrears of Charles Radcliffe' % Annuity, was also read: And the Counsel for the Bill went through thfcir Evidence

And theh the Counsel were directed to withdraw.

Ordered,

9po 2i* — 240 1732.

Ordered, That the further hearing of Counsel open the Laid Bill be adjourned until Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Lunce^ 240 die;

Anno 5* Georgii IF* Regis, *73*.

Prayers.

Lord A N ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Molesworth's f\_ f0r enabling Richar Lord Viscount Molesworth, and his Brothers, to make Leases for Lives, or Years, determinable upon Lives, renewable for ever, or to make Grants in Fee-farm, of a Piece of Ground in the City of Dublin, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Sandys, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Orlebar, Sir Charles , Mr.

ton, Mr. Waller, Mr. Walter Sir Robert

nesse, Sir Wilfrid LawfonMr. Plumptre, Mr. Noel, Mr. Bramflon, Sir Nathanael Mr. John,

Mr. Longueville, Lord Limerick, Mr. Edivards, Colonel Read, Captain Evans, Sir Geo. Mr.

Colonel Onslow, Sir John , Mr.

Mr. Alling/on, Mr. Lewis, of Hants, Mr. Bacon, Mr.

Winford, Mr. Scawen, Mr. Campbell, Sir Rowland A If on, the Lord Mayor of London, Mr. Foley, Sir Tho. Sea-bright, Colonel Handafyde, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Harley,

Sir Roger Meredith, Captain Vernon, Mr. , Mr.

Watkm Williams Wynn, Mr. Plummer, Sir Roger Brad-Jhaigh, Mr. Cartwright, Sir Richard Lane, Mr. Lyjler, Lord Morpeth, Sir Nicholas Williams, Mr. Furnefe, Mr.

Scrope, Sir Joint Rushout, Mr. Owen, Sir James Campbell, Sir Wm. Lowther, Mr. Lowther, Lord Percivall, Sir- Wm. Clayton, Mr. B Mr. Mr. Laroche, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Mr. Clutter buck, Mr.

Parsons, Mr. Waller, Sir John Tyrwhit, Sir Geo. wall, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Hales, Sir James Mr.

Pelham, Mr. Oglethorpe: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Admission of A Bill to enable certain Persons to be admitted Attorneyi, Attorneys, and for giving further Time for Clerks and Apprentices to pay Duties, omitted to be paid for their Indentures and Contracts, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon tire laid Bill.

Staunton An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Inclosure. for confirming the Exchanges, Inclosure, and Divisions, of the common Fields, common Meadows, common Grounds, and Commons, within the Parish of Staunton, in the County of Wilts, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Orlebar, Mr. Talbot, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Waller, Sir Robert Furnefe, Mr. Walter Sir Wilfrid

Lawson, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Noel, Mr. Sir

Nathanael Curzon, Mr. John Hamilton, Mr. Longueville, Lord Limerick, Mr. E, Colonel Read, Captain Evans, Sir Geo. Saville, Mr. Shuttleworth, Colonel Onslow, Sir John Williams, Mr. Drummond, Mr. Mr.

AJlington, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Winford, Mr. Scawen, Mr. Campbell, Sir Rowland the Lord Mayor

ot London, Mr. Foley, Sir Colonel

dafyde, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Harley, Sir Roger Meredith, Captain Vernon, Mr. Copleston, Mr. I Vat kin Williams Wynn, Mr. Plummer, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Mr. Cartwright, Sir Richard Lane, Mr. Lyjler, Lord Morpeth, Sir Nicholas Williams, Mr. Furnefe, Mr. Scrope, Sir John

Rushout, Mr. Owen, Sir James Campbell, Sir Wm. ther, Lord Percival, Mr. Lowther, Sir Wm. Clayton,

Mr. Bathurji, Mr. Wyndham, Mr. , Mr. Rowney,

Mr. Ti/fon, Mr. Clutterbuck, Mr. Parsons, Mr. Waller,

Sir John Tyrwhit, Sir Geo. Cafwall, Mr. Gybbon, Mr.

Hale, Sir James Grant, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Oglethorpe-,

and all the Members, that serve for the Counties of Wilts, Southampton, and Berks: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir Roger Bradshaigh reported from the Committee, to Cmri'. whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Eito. Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of Sir William Gerard, Baronet, a Lunatick, for Payment of his Debts, and other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the fame, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply Bii; to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Sink^' upon the Bill for the further Application of the Sinking Fund, by paying off One Million of South Sea Stock, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly,

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the CJiair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill to explain and amend an Act, made Person;^ in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act for the moreeffectual punishing wicked and evil-disposed Persons, going " armed in Dilguife, and doing Injuries and Violences to " the Persons and Properties of his Majesty's Subjects,

" and for the more speedy bringing the Offenders to " Justice," was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be,

An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King the First, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual punishing wicked and evil-disposed Persons, going armed in " Dilguife, and doing Injuries and Violences to the Persons and Properties of his Majesty's Subjects, and for " the more speedy bringing the Offenders to Justice."

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Tower do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Cortiewall reported from the Committee, to whom Wimtw the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for AIIMlmt' the Exchange of the Right of Presentation to the Rectory of Wimborne Allhallowes, and Vicarage of Coders, in the County of DorJ'et, and for uniting the Rectories and Pari Ihes of Wimborne St. Giles and Wimborne was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and the Parties concerned had given their Content to the fame, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he dciivere/ the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

David Avery, who attended at the Door, was called in, Attw and appeared at the Bar of the House. 41

And then he withdrew.

ReflveJ,

Tomkyns' Debt to the Crowe.

Derwent-waccr Estate.

tyimborn#

Allb&llotres

Exchange,

Ire.

Gerard's

EtUte.

DnnAable

Roads.

5 Geo. II. 240 — 250 901

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or the Lord High Trealbrer, for the Time being, to compound with Thomas Tomkyns, Cashier to the late Commissioners for licensing Hawkers, Pedlars, and petty Chapmen, for an Arrear he stands charged with to the Crown.

The House proceeded to the further hearing of Counsel upon the Bill for making void the several Contracts, for Sale of the Estate of James, late Earl of to

William Smith, Esquire, and all'o of the Annuity of Two hundred Pounds, and the Arrears thereof, during the Lite of Charles Radcliffe, to Matthew White, Esquire, and the several Conveyances made in pursuance of the fame.

And the Counsel were called in.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners were heard: And the Counsel for the Bill were heard, by way of Reply: And the Counsel for the Petitioners were heard, in An-lwer to foine Cafes, cited by the Counsel for the Bill, in their Reply.

And the Counsel I>eing withdrawn;

Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martisy 250

Anno 5* Georgii IP* Regis, 1732. Peaykrs.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Exchange of the Right of Presentation to the Rectory of Wimborne Aand Vicarage of

Loders, in the County of Dot ft, and for uniting the Rectories and Parishes of JThnb Giles, and fVim-

bonic Allhallmccs, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Coniczcall do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of Sir William Gerard, Baronet, a Luuatick, for Payment of his Debts, and other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Sir Roger Eradjhaigh do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fume, without any Amendment.

Sir JeremyVanacker Sambrooke reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the effectual repairing the Highways between Du)fable and Hoekliffe, in the County of Bedford, by enlarging the Term and Powers granted by

Two former Acts, one of the Ninth, and the other of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Commitcc had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; w here the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments of and to fouie of them, agreed unto by the House.

Vol. 21.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for giving Power to Persons, finding themselves aggrieved by the Judgment of the Justices, at their Quarter Sessions, to appeal from such Judgment.

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up.

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

And feme other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, lie ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Allen and Mr.

Spicer:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Hyde Park, veiling the Conduits, Springs, and Waters, in Hyde Park, <-'onduits,&c. in Trustees, for the Benefit of his Majesty; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this iloufe: Anil also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Francis* charging the settled Estate of John Francis, Clerk, with Eihue. the Payment of his Father's Debts and Legacies, and for

«/ n 7

settling another Lftale, of greater Value, to the Lies of his Marriage Settlement; to which the Lords delirc the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Ditto, charging the settled Estate of John Francis, Clerk, with the Payment of his Father's Debts and Legacies, and for settling another Estate, of greater Value, to the Uses of his Marriage Settlement, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Btcrton reported from the Committee, to w hom the Mill's Estate,

ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Two undivided Fourth Parts of the Manor of Great ham, and of other Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Sussex, the Estate of Barbara Milland Frances Spinsters, in Trustees, to enable them to join in the Sale of the said entire Manor, Lands, and Hereditaments, for railing Portions for them and their Two Sifters, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the fame, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Mr. Cornea-all reported from the Committee, to whom Puriton the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Inclosure. inclosing and dividing a Common Pasture Ground, called Afomcs Leazc, situate and lying in the Parish of Puriton, alias Pirton, in the County of Wilts, was committed;

that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the fame, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House; without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Sir Charles Turner, according to Order, reported from supply Bill; the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for sinking the further Application of the Sinking Fund, by paying Pund>&c» oft'One Million of South Sea Stock, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House:

And he l ead the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Tabic; where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the

jo T Question

Googh

25 26°

A. 1732.

Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House. j

Ordered \That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Ooze

Navigation,

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Allen and Mr* Spicer:

Mr. Speaker, '

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for rendering more effectual an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the lleigu of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act for the improving the Navistation of the lliver Ouze, in the County of without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better and more easy rebuilding of the Town of Tiverton, in the County of Devon, and for determining Differences touching Houses, and Buildings, burnt down or demolished, by reason of the late dreadful Fire there, and for the better preventing Danger's from Fire for the future, without any Amendment: And also,

Qualification The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act of Justices of for the further Qualification of Justices of the Peace, with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Rebuilding

Tivercon

Town,

Peace.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Rrocefs The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole

against House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled,

absconding. Act for making Process in Courts of Equity effectual against Persons who abscond, and cannot be served therewith, or who refuse to appear.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Winnington took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Winning ton reported from the Committee, That

they had made a Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ad million cf Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Attorney?, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon

&c* the Bill to enable certain Persons to be admitted Attorneys,

and for giving further Time for Clerks and Apprentices to pay Duties, omitted to be paid for their Indentures and Contrasts.

Tomkyns' Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Mom-Debt -10 the ing, resolvc itself into a Committee of the whole House, Crown. upon the Bill to enable the Commissioners of his Majesty's

' Treasury, or the Lord High Treal'urer, for the Time being,

to compound with Thom Cashier to the late Commissioners for licensing Hawkers, Pedlars, and petty Chapmen, for an Arrear he llauds charged with to the Crown.

Derwent- ^ie House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole water Estate. -House, upon the Bill for making void the several Contracts, for Sale of the Estate of state Earl of

to William Smith, Esquire, and also of the Annuity of £. 200. and the Arrears thereof, during the Life »f Charles Radcliffe, to Matthew Esquire, and the several Conveyances made in pursuance of the fame.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Gage took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Gage reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will picnic to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 26° die Aprilisy

Anno 50 Georgii IP1 Regis, 1732.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Puritot for inclosing and dividing a Common Pasture IkIoi'w, Ground, called MoniesLeaze, situate and lying in the

Parish of Puriton, alias Pirton, in the County of was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Corn email do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this Iioule hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

The House took into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords to the* Bill, intituled, An Act for Churchyaii enlarging the Church-yard of the Parish of j in the County of Middlesex.

And the said Amendments were read, and arc as follows; viz.

Press 2. L. 6. After " Churchwardens" insert " or " one of them."

L. 19. After " Churchwardens" insert " on " one of them."

I. 21. After " upon" insert "hisor."

L. 27. After " Churchwardens" insert "or " Churchwarden."

The First of the said Amendments being read a Second time;

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Amendments be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act MilP* Eta. for veiling Two undivided Fourth Parts of the Manor of Great ham,' and of other Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Sussex, the Estate of Barbara and Frances

Mill, Spinsters, in Trustees, to enable them to join in the Sale of the said intire Manor, Lands, and Hereditaments, for raising Portions for them and their Two Sifters, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Barton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Corncxvall reported from the Committee, to whom Lloyd's, 4c,

the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for supplying a Defc6t in a Conveyance, lately made by Charles Lloyd, senior, and Sarah his Wife, and Charles junior, and Jane, his Wife, and for the Sale of certain Lands in the County of Montgomery, for railing Three thousand Pounds and Six hundred Pounds, and for other the Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the lame, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and that the Parties concenied had given their Contents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee:

And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the Amendments were read.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-comuiitted to the same Committee.

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Ordered, That Sir Roger Meredith, Sir /77 Mr. Oglethorpe, Mr. Thomas 'Tower, Mr. Laroche, and Captain Corncxvall, be added to the said Committee.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Hy<h M veiling the Conduits, Springs, and Waters, in Ilu!e Park, M *u' ‘ in Trustees, for the Benefit of his Majesty, was read the First time.

Air.

Rebuilding Bland ford Forum Town*

Haij man's Nat.

Growing CoiTet in Plantations.

Derwent-water Estate.

South Sea Company.

5 Geo. II. 26°^ — 27!

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, That the fa'tcl Bill having relation to his Majesty, his Majesty had been pleased to command him to acquaint this House, that his Majesty gives his Content, that this House may do therein as they think fit.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. John Rennet and Mr. j Lighthoun:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better and more easy rebuilding of the Town of Bland ford Forum, in the County of , and for determining Differences touching Houses, and Buildings, burnt down, or demolillied, by reason of the late dreadful Eire there, with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Isolds desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to naturalize Nicholas Uaijmanf to which the Lords desire

the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sir Charles Turner presented to the House (according to Order) a Bill lor encouraging the Growth of Coffee in the Briltjh Plantations in America; and the feme was

received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Lord Gage (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for making void the several Contrafts, for Sale of the Estate of James, late F.arl of Deruenhcater, to William , Esquire, and also the Annuity of f.200. and the Arrears thereof, during the Life of Charles Ra to Matthew Esquire, and the several Conveyances made in pursuance of the lame, was committed; the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Keport in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by 011c, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments of and to feme «t them, agreed unto hv the House; and tome Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the 'Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Court of Directors of the South Sea Company in behalf of the said Company, pursuant to a Rcfoiution of the Proprietors of the said Company, lately agreed upon in a General Court, was offered to he presented to the 1 ionfe; for Leave and Authority to convert Three Fourth Parts of their present capital Stock into Annuities, attended with an interest of £. 4. Centum per Annum, payable out of the Company's Funds; and that the remaining Fourth Part, after the Annihilation of a Million thereof, by Application of that Sum, intended this Year to be paid the said Company, to that Part of the Capital, and paving off'a Million of their Bonds therew ith, may not he liibject to a further Redemption, without the Company's Consent, till the South Sea Annuities are reduced, l»v Redemption, (o he equal to fitch Capital: And therefore praying. That the said Company may he enabled to put the Premills in Execution, in such Manner as to the House shall feein meet.

And the Order of the House, of the 14th of January Fa ft, against receiving Petitions for private Bills after the Second Day of March last, being read;

Ordered, That the said Petition be brought up.

The laid Petition being read

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the w hole House,

liefolrcd, That this House will, upon this Day Three Weeks, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, tb consider of the said Petition.

Vo 1.21.

' Aprilis. 903

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable certain Persons to be admitted Attorneys, and for giving further Time for Clerks and Apprentices to pay Duties, omitted to be paid for their Indentures and Contrafts.

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer, for the Time being, to compound with Thomas Cashier to the late Commissioners for licensing Hawkers, Pedlars, and petty Chapmen, for an Arrear lie hands charged with to the Crown.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovisy 2 70 d A,

Anno 5* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1732.

Praters.

A BILL for encouraging the Growth of Coffee in the British Plantations in , was read a

Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Sir Charles Turnei' (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to enable the Commissioners of his Majesty s Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer, for the Time being, to compound with Thomas Tomkyns, Cashier to the late Commissioners for licensing Haw kers, Pedlars, and petty Chapmen, for an Arrear he itands charged with to the Crown, was committed; the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House: And lie read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill; with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to naturalize Nicholas Haijman, was read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House took into Consideration the Amendment, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better and more easy rebuilding of the Town of Bland ford Forum, in the County of Dorset, and for determining Differences touching Houses, and Buildings, burnt down, or demolillied, by reason of the late dreadful Fire there.

And the said Amendment was read, and is as follows; viz.

Press 12. L. 34. Before " And be it further enacted," add a Provilb, marked A; as follows; viz.

A. " Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby further " enacted and declared, that, in case the Subject-matter

" in

Admission of

Attorneys,

&c.

Tomkyns* Debt to the Crown.

Committees

Growing

Coffee in Plantations*

Tomkyns*1 Debt to th* Crown.

Haijman's

Nat.

Rebuilding

Rland ford

Forum

Town.

04

*7

Aprilis.

in Dispute or Controversy, depending before the said Court, shall auy way concern the Estate or Interest of any Commissioner or Judge of the said Court, that the Commissioner or Judge, lb concerned in Interest in the said Dispute or Controversy, shall withdraw at the Time of the Debate of litch Controversy, until it be determined by the rest of the Commissioners or Judges,

A. 1734.

of the said Court.'

West's, &c. -Agreement.

So it palfed in the Negative.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, That . < they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-

The said Amendment, being read a Second time, was, ments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, upon the Question put tlicreupon, agreed unto by the when the House will please to receive the same.

House. That the Report be received Tomorrow

Ordered, That Mr. Doddington do carry the Bill to Morning, the Lords, and acriuaiotthem thattlds House hath agreed An . ffed Bffl for maki voW fetOT, Co,. to the Amendment made by their Lordships. traa5, so? Sale of the Estate o? the late Earl of Do-

wento William Smith, Esquire, and also of the Annuity of £. 200, and the Arrears thereof, during the Life of Charles to Matthew White, Esquire,

and the several Conveyances made in pursuance of the fame, was read the Third time.

The Amendments folloVing were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press 18. L. 2. To leave out " of," and insert

Dir ft able Roads.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to establish and confirm an Agreement, made between John He ft, Esquire, on the behalf of his Daughters, A fan/ West ami Frances fVejl, Infants, Sir Francis Vi/vyan, Baronet, and Mary Erifey, and to render the same effectual, was read the Third time.

Rifolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Laroche do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for the effectual repairing the Highways between Dwifiableand in the County of Bedford, by enlarging the Term and Powers granted by Two former Acts, one of the Ninth, and the other of the Tw elfth, Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for the effectual repairing the Highways between Dunjlablcand Hockliffe, in the County of Bedford, by enlarging the Term and Powers granted by Two former Acts, one of the Ninth, and the other of the Twelfth, Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne.

tt

Ordered, That Sir Jeremy Vanacker Sambrookedo carry Ujc Bm wa8 ainended at the Table accordingly.

were:

Press 20. L. 24. To leave out " sign," and insert signed

Press 23. L. 1 o. After " aforesaid' to insert " and if the said Arrears, and growing Payments, shall not be Efficient, then the said Estate shall stand charged, as a further Security for the fame

L. 16. After " Reign" to insert "and by Force and Operation of this Act Press 25. L. 27. To leave out " Manor," and insert Honourand to leave out " East and

infeit " Hampton Court

L. 28. To leave out " Kent," and iufert " Middlesex."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Quefuon severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, and

a

Appeals before Justices ofcPeacc.

the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. John Rennet and Mr. Lighthoun:

Air. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, "An Act to oblige the Justices of the Peace, at their General or Quarter Sessions, to determine Appeals made to them, according to the Merits of the Calc, notwithstanding Defects of Form in the original Proceedings, and to oblige Persons, luing forth Writs of Certiorari to remove Orders, made on such Appeals, into the Courts at

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be,

An Act for making void the several Contracts, for Sale of the Estate of James, late Earl of Derwentwater, to William Smith, Esquire, and also of the Annuity of£. 200. during the Life ot Charles RadcHjj'c, and the Arrears thereof, to Matthexv White, Esquire, and the several Conveyances made in pursuance of the lame.

Ordered, That the Lord Gage do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Clerk of this House do deliver back, ftp* t»k to the proper Officer, all the Books, Instruments, and

Westminster, to give Security to prosecute the same with papers, relating to the Sale of the Estate of James, late Effect, with feme Amendments; to which' Amendments Earl of Denventwater, and of the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And then the Messengers withdrew.

the other forfeited Ellatcs, which were presented to this House, pursuant to their Orders.

Inljn >bc to

W3*l

diking

AiciJ

Asor:

k

AdmifTons of Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Attorney*, to resolvc itself into a Committee of the w hole Iloulc,

c* upon the Bill to enable certain Persons to be admitted

Attorneys, and for giving further Time for Clerks and Apprentices to pay Duties, omitted to be paid for their Indentures and Contracts, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause. to explain a Doubt, which _ has arisen on an Act, of the Second Year of his present Majesty's lteign, for laying a Duty upon compound Waters, or Spirits, and licensing the Retailers thereof, so far as the same relates to Ralberrics, or Cherries, infused i« Brandy;

The 1 Ioufe divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, o-1

I Sir Meredith .*

Tellers for the Noes, $ $!r V,l!>W(!s

'(.oir

73-

] 81.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Coaoium

The other Order of the Day being read;

The further Report from the Committee, to whom conuMt the Petition of the Proprietors of the Charitable Corpo- Corpora*, ration, for Relief of industrious Poor, by aflilting than with linall Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, af* lembled in their General Court, is referred, was read.

The said Re|x>rt, and the Appendix thereto, being printed by Order of the House, a printed Copy, thereof is bound up in a Volume, containing the several printed Reports of this Session, which is pre-forved with the other Books belonging to the House, and the original Report, and Appendix, are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Report he taken into further Consideration upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Toxcer have Leave to make CremW a Motion, it being after Four of the Clock. FiHoj.

And he moved the House accordingly:

Resolved, That this House will, To-nionow Morning,

resolve

h>.

Geo. II. 27* — 28° 905

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Greenland Fishery.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow' Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 28° die Aprilis,

Anno 5* Georgii 2d* Regis, 1732* Thayers.

T k n't* A logrolled Bill to enable the Commissioners of his to the Majesty's Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer

Crown* for the Time being, to compound with Thomas

Cashier to the late Commissioners for licensing Hawkers, Pedlars, and petty Chapmen, for an Arrear, he stands charged with to the Crown, was read the Third time.

Rijblved, That the Bill do pals; and that the Title be, An Act to enable the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, to compound with Thomas Tomkyns, Cashier to the late Commissioners for licensing Hawkers, Pedlars, and petty Chapmen, for an Arrear, he hands charged with to the Crown.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Supply Bill* An ingossed Bill for the further Application of the Sinking Sinking Fund, by paying off One million of South Sea Fund, Sec. Stock, was read the Third time.

Re/blved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be' An Act for the further Application of the Sinking Fund, by paying oft' One million of South Sea Stock; and for appropriating the Supplies, granted in this Session of Parliament; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, and Orders, loft, burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Turner do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Admission of Mr. Clayton (according to Order) reported from the Attorney*, Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to enable certain Persons to be admitted Attorneys, and for giving further Time for Clerks and Apprentices to pay Duties, omitted to be paid for their Indentures, and Contracts, was committed, the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be In-grofled.

Hyie Park An ingrossfed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Conduit*,&c. fot vesting the Conduits, Springs, and Waters, in Hyde Park, in Trustees, for the Benefit of his Majesty, was , read a Second time.

Re/blved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Clayton, Mr. Conduit, Mr . Earl, Lord Palmerston, Mr.

ville, Si r Roger Bradshaigh, Mr Mr.

Lord Aliddethwaite, Mr. More, Mr. White, Mr. Edwards, Air* Gregory, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Hacks, Air.

Philips, Mr. Kclfal, Mr. Mr. Clark, Mr. Cart-

wright, Mr. Ward, Mr. Plumptre, Sir Nathanael Sir James Grant, Sir Roger Meredith, Mr. Sir

John Williams*Sir Wilfrid Laxcfon, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Dockminique, Mr. Rowmcy, Mr. Lifer, Mr. Razclinfon Earle, Mr. Tiljbn, Mr. Mr.

Crojfe; and all the Members that serve for the County of Middlefe.r, and City of Westminster: And they are'to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Vol. 21.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Earle And Mr.

Thurjhm:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to vest Hair* Trail in Mary Hall, Widow, certain Copyhold Lands in the ^ate* Manors of Bedlington and Che tier en le Street, in the County of Durham, to fell the lame, and thereby to perform the Trusts mentioned in the Will of Anne Widow', deceased; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Aleflenger3 withdrew.

The House took into Consideration the Amendments, Qualificatloa made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the-of Justices of further Qualification of Justices of the Peace. . Peaee.

And the said Amendments were read, and are as follows; viz.

Press 1. L. 1, and 2. Leave out "it has been found " by Experience, that."

L. 4. Leave out " is," and insert " may be."

L. 5. I*eave out " for Remedy whereof and after " it" insert " therefore."

L. 18, 19, 20. Leave out " except the " Counties, and Places, herein after particularly mentioned."

L. 26, 27. Leave out " exceeding Sixty " Years to come," and insert " originally created for Oneand-twenty Years, or more."

L. 30. Leave out " Two," and insert

" One."

L. 33. Leave out from " fame" to " and, " in the 17th Line of the next Press.

Press 2. L. 19. Leave out " or j" and after " Solicitor" insert " or Proctor."

L. 28. Leave out " or;" and after " Solicitor* insert " or Proctor."

Press 3. L. 38. After " Navy" insert " or the Two " LTnder*secretaries in each of the Offices of principal " Secretary of State."

Press 4. L. 3. Leave out from the Word "extend" to " of," in the 1 *th Line of the same Press", and, instead thereof, insert " any of the Heads of Colleges or Halls " in either of the Two Universities of Oxf ord and Cambridge, J)ut that they may be made Justices of the

" Peace."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Air. Bramston do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments, made by their Lordships.

v

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday MornJ Import* from big next, take into Consideration the Account of what Dunkirk. Duties have been paid at the Custom-house in and in the Out-ports, for foreign Spirits and Brandies, imported from Dunkirk, from the 2.5th of December 1727, to the 25th of December 1731, distinguishing the Account of each Year, and under what Denomination of Brandies the Duty was paid for the same, and also the Account of the N umber of Pieces, and half Pieces, of Cambrick, imported from Dunkirk into the Port of London, from the 25th of December 1727, to the 25th of December 1731, distinguishing each Year, and under what Denomination of Cambricks the Duties were paid, and how much the same annually amounted to, which Accounts were presented to this House upon the 13th of this Instant April, and also the Return of the Commissioners of the Customs to an Order of this House, of the 19th of this Instant April, for laying before the House the Representation; made by the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of his Majesty's Exchequer, relating to the Importation of Brandies from Dunkirk, with the Directions, given by the Commissioners for executing the Office 01 Treasurer of his Majesty's Exchequer, thereupon, which Return was presented to this House upon the 21 ft; of this Instant April.

10 U An

Hall's Trot Estate.

Doty on

Compound

Spirits*

Growing Coffee in Plantations.

Greenland

Fiilicry.

Francis*

Estate.

East India Trade.

906

28° — 29" Aprilis.

A.

*732.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to veil in Mary Hall, Widow, certain Copyhold Lands in the Manors of Bcdiington and en It Street, in the County of Durham, to sell the same, and thereby to perform the Trusts, mentioned in the Will of Anne Hand-cock, Widow, deceased, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Three. Weeks, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Duty laid upon compound Spirits by an A&, made in the Second Year of his pro-lent Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for laying a " Duty upon compound Waters, or Spirits, and for " licensing the Retailers thereof."

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for encouraging the Growth of Coffee in the British Plantations in America.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Greenland Fishery.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Titrner reported from the Committee, that they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 290 ,

Anno 5* Georgii II4i Regis, 1732.

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for charging the settled Estate of John Francis Clerk, with the Payment of his Father's Debts and Legacies, and for settling another Estate, of greater Value, to the Uses of his Marriage Settlement, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gape, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Allington, Sir James Campbell, Colonel Selwyn, Mr. Winford, Sir Richard Lane, Mr.

Walpole, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Solicitor-general, Mr. kerley, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Shippcn, Mr. Digby, Sir Tho. Hales, Mr. Burton, Mr. Watkin Williams Wynne, Mr. Lcheup, Mr. Lyjler, Sir JVilfrid Lonofon, Mr. Tower, Mr. Cartwright, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr.

Mr. Bootle, Mr. Compton, Mr. Hall, Mr. Kemp, Sir NicoU, Mr. Bacon, Mr. More, Mr. Gregory, Mr. Cross, Sir Roger Meredith, Mr. Guydott, Mr. Newland, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Parsons, Major Selwyn, Sir Jeremy Sambrook, Mr. Packer, Mr. Gay, air Tho.; and all the

Members that serve for the County of Lincoln: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber.

Mr. Thomas Tower reported from die Committee, to whom the Bill for reviving an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act for the better securing the lawful Trade of his Majesty's Subjects to and from the,

" East Indies, and for the more effectual preventing all his.

" Majesty's Subjects trading thither under foreign Commissions," was committed; that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the i loufe: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House took into Consideration the Amendments, Appall bt. made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act to oblige the Justices of the Peace, at their General or Quarter Sef-crfPcit*' fions, to determine Appeals made to them, according to the Merits of the Cafe, notwithstanding Defects of Form in the original Proceedings, and to oblige Persons, suing forth Writs of Certiorari to remove Orders, made on such Appeals, into the Courts at Westminster, to give Security to prosecute the same with Effect.

And the said Amendments were read, and are as fid* lows; viz.

Prese 1. L. 2, & 3.Leave out "Judgments or Orders

" have been given or made by."

JL. 3. Leave out " which."

L. 4. Leave out " they;" and, in that and the 5th Line, leave out " the Course of Justice hath " been obstruded, and, " and insert " Judgments or " Orders."

L. 10. Leave out " reversed," and insert " quashed, or set aside;" and, in the same Line, leave out " nice and critical."

L. 15. Leave out " remedy," and insert " prevent."

L. 25. After " Appeals" insert " to be."

Press 2. L. 5. Leave out " final"

L. 6, 7. Leave out " as to them shall seem " just and reasonable, notwithstanding any," and insert.

" as by Law they should or ought to have done, in case " there had not been such.J'

L. 12, 13. Leave out " superior Courts," and insert " his Majesty's Court of King's Bench."

L. 16. Before " Expences" insert " and, " and, in the same Line, leave out " and Incertainties."

L. 24. After " or" insert " before."

L. 27, 28. Leave out " if such Justice or " Justices, as aforesaid, shall require the fame," and insert " or before any one of his Majesty's Justices of the " laid Court of King's Benclu"

L. 30, 31. Leave out " within Six Calendar " Months next after such Certiorari shall be allowed," and inlert " at his or their own Costs and Charges, with " Effect, without any wilful or affected Delay.

L. 36, 37. Leave out " ascertained upon their " Oaths, in open Court," and insert " taxed according " to the Course of the Court, where such Judgments or " Orders shall be confirmed."

L. 38. Leave out " any," and insert " such;" and, in the feme Lane, after " not" insert " enter into " such Recognizance, or shall not."

L. 41. Leave out " Award," and insert " such " Order or Orders."

L. 42. Leave out " is," and insert " shall be"

L. ult. Leave out " awarded," and insert " granted."

At the End of the Bill add Clause A.

A. " And it is hereby further enacted, W the Authority " aforesaid, that the Recognizance and Recognizances, to " be taken, as aforesaid, shall be certified into the Court of " King's Bench at Westminster, and there filed with the " Certiorari, and Order, or Judgment, removed thereby;

" and, if the said Order or Judgment shall be confirmed " by the said Court, the Persons entitled to such Costs,

" fiat

pTOCtfc against Perfom ab* fcoading.

5 Geo. II. 29° Jpritis,

907

" for the Recovery thereoT, within Ten Days after Dematid made of the Person or Persons, who ought to pay " the said Costs, upon Oath made of the making such Demand, and Refusal of Payment thereof, shall have " an Attachment granted against him or them by the said " Court, for such Contempt; and the said Recognizance, " so given, upon the allowing of such , shall not be discharged, until the Costs shall be paid, and " the Order, so confirmed, shall be complied with, and obeyed."

In the Title of the Bill, 1 ith Line, leave out " the " Courts at Westminster"and insert " his Majesty's

" Court of King's Bench."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Sandys do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments, made by their Lordships.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for making Process in Courts of Equity effectual against Persons, who abscond, and cannot be served therewith, or who refuse to appear.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Wimungton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Wimungton reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. H untington (according to Order) reported from the said Committee, the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the Amendments were read, and are as follows; viz.

Prels 1. L. 11. Leave out " is now depending," and insert " hath been."

L. 12. Leave out " depending," and insert " commenced."

L. 14,15. Leave out " appear on the Return " of such Process, and."

L. 16. After the Word " entered" insert " upon such Process, within such Time, and in such " Manner, as."

L. 17. Leave out " whence such Process " issued," and insert, instead thereof, " the feme ought " to have been entered, in case such Process had been " duly served."

L. 18. After " Affidavits" insert " shall."

L. 25. After " of" insert " such."

L. 30, 31. After "shall" insert "within " Fourteen Days after such Order madeand, after "be," leave out " pulled up at the Royal in London,

" and also."

L. 3C. After " absenting" insert " and also " a Copy of such Order shall, within the Time albreihid, " be posted up, as after-mentioned; that is to fey, a Copy " of every such Order, made in his Majesty's high Court " of Chancer y, Court of Equity in the Exchequer Chamber, or the Court of the Duchy Chamber of Lancaster at " Wtftmnjler, shall be posted up in feme Publick Place " at the Royal Exchange in London; and a Copy of every " such Order, made in any of the Courts of Equity of the " Counties Palatine of Chester, and Durham,

" or of the great Sessions in Wales, shall be posted up at " Ibrne publick Place in feme Market Town within the " Jurisdiction of the- Court, by which such Order was " made, and nearest to the Place, where such Defendant " or Defendants respectively, made his, her, or their, " usual Abode, as aforesaid, such Place of Abode being " also within the Jurisdiction of the said Court.'

Vol. SL

Prels 1. L. 37. After the Word " appear" insert " within the Time limited by such Order, orand after " such" insert " further."

L. 38, 39. Leave out " after the Time limited " in or by such Order," and, instead thereof insert " then."

Press 2. L. 4. Leave out the Words " award Execution," and insert " issue Process, to compel the Performance of such Decree, eitherand after " by " insert '* an immediate."

L. 8. After the Word " Suit" insert " or by " causing Possession of the Estate or Effects, demanded by " the BUI, to be delivered to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or " otherwise, as the Nature of the same shall require."

L. 13. Leave out " in cafeand leave out shall give," and insert " first giving;" and in Line 14, after the Word " proper," leave out to the Word " to," in Line 17; and, in tire same Line, leave out " therein," and insert " touching the Restitution of such Estate or " Effectsand leave out the Words " which awarded " such Sequestration," in Line 18.

L. 21, 22. Leave out from the Word " Order " to the Word " but," in Line 24.

L. 27. After the Word " lequestered " insert " or whereof Possession shall be decreed to be delivered." L. 28. Leave out " as in other Cafes of Sequestration," and insert " either by appointing a Receiver thereof or otherwise, as to such Court shall feein " meet."

L. 31. Leave out " and Damages."

L. 32. After " reasonable" insert " or until " such further Order shall be made therein, as the Court " shall think just."

L. 36. After " any" insert " Writ of Habeas " Corpus, or other."

L. 37, 38. Leave out " or by virtue of any " Writ of Habeas Corpus."

L. 41. After " Court" insert " or Attorney " of such Court."

Prels 3. L. 2. After " Court " insert " or Attorney of " such Court"

L. 9. After " Court" insert " or Attorney." L. 13. Leave out " Execution," and insert

" Process."

L. 14. Leave out " thereon," and insert " to " compel the Performance thereof."

L. 19. Leave out " afterwards," and insert " within Seven Years after the making such Decree."

L. 25. After " shall" insert " within Seven " Years after the making such Decree."

L. 27. After " shall " insert " within the Time " last before mentioned."

L. 30. After " sequestered" insert " or whereof Possession shall have been delivered to the Plaintiff " or Plaintiffs."

L. 35. After " sequestered " insert " or Possesfion thereof delivered to the Plaintiff or Plaintiff's."

Press 4. L. 15. After " Service " insert " or if any Person, not being lb served, shall, within Seven Years next " after the making such Decree."

At the End of the Bill add Clauses A, B, C; which are as follows:

A. " Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted by the " Authority aforesaid, that, if any Person or Persons, " against whom such Decree shall be made, his, her, or " their, Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, shall not, " within Seven Years next after the making of such Dccree, appear, and petition to have the Cause re-heard, " and pay down, or give Security for Payment of, such " Costs, as the Court mall think reasonable in that Behalfj " Ibch Decree, made as aforesaid, shall stand absolutely " confirmed against the Person and Persons, against " whom such Decree shall be made, his, her, and their, " Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, and against all " Persons, claiming, or to claim, by, from, or under,

" him, her, them, or any of them, by virtue of any A6l

" done,

Lloyd's, &c. EfUtc.

908

29' Aprilis — 1® Maii.

A.

1751;

<4

it

done, or to be done, subsequent to the Commencement of such Suit; and, at the End of such Seven Years, it shall and may be lawful for the Court to make such further Order, as shall be just and reasonable, according to the Circumstances at the Cafe."

B. " Provided always, that this Act flia.11 not extend, or be construed to extend, to warrant or make good any Proceeding against any Person beyond the Seas, unless it shall appear, to the Satisfaction of the Court, by Affidavit or Affidavits, before the making of such Decree, that such Person had been in that Part of Great Britain called England, within Two Years next before the Subpoena in such Suit issued against such Person."

C. " Provided also, that this Act thall not extend, or be construed to extend, to warrant or make good any Proceeding against any Person in any Court of Equity,

And then the House adjourned till Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Anno

Luna, i° dig Maii;

" Regis, 1732.

Georgii

C-t*1'

Prayers.

MU. Wilmington reported from the Committee, to Bromley'*, Whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, 4c. E*. \ An Act for exchanging of certain Lands between Henry Bromley, Esquire, and the Master, Fellows, and Scholars, of Hall, in the University of C<»-

bridg was committed; that the Committee had examined having a limited Jurisdiction, unless it shall appear, to th® Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; the Satisfaction of such Court, by Affidavit or Affida- and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and

..... - the Parties concerned had given their Consent9 to the.

fame, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

The said Bill was read the Third time.

That the Bill do pals.

That Mr, nnington do carry the Bill ta Mr. Cornewall reported from the Committee, to whom the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed

the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for to the feme, without any Amendment, supplying a DefeCk in a Conveyance, lately made by

Charles "Lloyd, senior, and Sarah, his Wife, and Charles Ordered, That Sir Thomas Afion, Sir Thomas Sanderson, York CM Lloyd, junior, and Jane, his Wife, and for the Sale of Mr. Bootle, Mr. Vyner, Colonel Fane, Sir Michael J\'en~ Mamba*, certain Lands in the County of Montgomery, for railing tonthe Lord , Sir Richard Ellis, Mr. ' ' *' ' — -" - Shuttleworth, Sir John Tinchyt, Captain Vernon, Mr.

Guidott, Mr. Robert Hucks, Mr. Mr. Laroche, Mr. , Sir Wilfrid Mr. Mart, and

Mr. Oglethorpe, and all the Members, that lerve for ther County Palatine of Lancaster, be added to the Committee,

" vits, before the making of such Decree, that such Person had resided within the Jurisdiction of such Court " within One Year next before the bjxena in such Suit " issued against such Person."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed uuto by the House.

Tt*i

Three thousand Pounds and Six hundred Pounds, and for other the Purposes therein mentioned, was re-committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several

Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to to whom the Bill for explaining, amending, and making

report to the House; and that tire Parties concerned had given their Consents to the feme, to the Satisfaction of the Committee: And he read the Report in hi# Plaqe, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the Amendments were read, and are as follows; viz.

Prese 4. L. 6. After the Word " to" insert " him."

Press 10. L. 11. Leave out from " Wife" to " the," in Line 12.

Press 12. L. 33. After " Wife." insert " Regard being " bad to such Parts of their Portions, as either of them " hath already received."

L. 37. Leave out " if any."

more effectual, an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled,

" An Act for the better regulating tlje Manufacture of " Cloth in the West Riding of the County of York" is committed.

An ingrossed Bill to enable certain Persons to be ad- Admifoerf mitted Attorneys, and for giving further Time for Clerks Attorney*, and Apprentices to pay Duties, omitted to be paid for 4t-their Indentures and Contracts, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals; and that the Title be,

An Act to enable certain Persons to be admitted Attor-

neys;

and for

giving further Time for the Payment of

Press 13. L. 9. After " purchased," leave out to the Duties, omitted to be paid for the Indentures and Con-End of the Clause, and insert " to the Use of the said tracts of Clerks and Apprentices.

Charles Lloyd the younger, for Life, with Remainder to Trustees, to preserve contingent Remainders, Remainder to the said Jane, for Life, for her Jointure, Remainder to the First and other Sons of the Body of the said Charles Lloyd the younger, and the said Jane, lietween them begotten, or to be begotten, and to the Heirs of the Body of such First and other Son and Sons, lawfully issuing. Remainder to their Daughter and Daughters, and the Heirs of their Body and Bodies, lawfully issuing, with cross Remainders over, in case of the Death; of any such Daughter or daughters, Remainder to the 1 Heirs of the Body of the find Charles Lloyd the younger, That any Person or Persons be permitted to import, iu ‘ with Remainder in Fee to the said Charles Lloyd the British Ships, Whale-fins, Oil or Blubber of Whales, or

Other Produce whatl'oever of Seales, and other Creatures,

Ordered, That Mr. Clayton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Charles Turner (according to Order) reported from Gr«aW the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred Ftikry. to consider of the Greenland Fishery, the Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the feme was read, and is as follows; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

younger.

L. 23. Leave out " if any."

Prese 14. L. 19. Leave out from " Wife" to the First " the,* in Line 20.

Press 15. L. 21. Leave out from the Word "other" to " and, " in Line 24.

Pref? 16. L. 12. Leave out from " Wife" to the First " the," in Line 13.

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second lime, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed uuto by the House, "

caught by his Majesty's Subjects in the Greenland Seas, Davis's Straits, or any other Parts of the Seas adjoining thereto, without paying any Custom, Subsidy, or Duties, for the feme, for; the Term of Seven Years, from the 25th Day of December 1731.

The said Refohition, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Re-folutiou; and that Sir- Charles Turnet', Mr. Thomas

Tower,

5 Geo. II.

Tower, add Sk John do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Growing Sir Charles 'turner (according to Order) reported from

Coffee in the Committee of the whole House, to Whom the Bill Plantation*, for encouraging the Growth of Coffee in the Plantations in America, was committed, the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be logrolled.

last India An mgrofled Bill for reviving an Act, made in the Trade. Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act for the better securing the lawful Trade of his Majesty's Subjects to and from the East Indies, and for the more effectual preventing all " his Majesty's Subjects trading thither under foreign Commissions," was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for reviving an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act for the better securing the lawful Trade * of his Majesty's Subjects to and from the East Indies, and for the more effectual preventing all his Majesty's Subjects trading thither under foreign Commissions." Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Tower do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

90$

Resolved, That she Bill, with the Amendments, do

pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Cornewall do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments»to which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

Ordered, That Mr. Matthew Lambe, of Lincoln's Inn, Witnef* to do attend this House Tomorrow Morning. attewl-

The other Order of the Day being read

The House proceeded to take into further Considera- Paddington tion the Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, Church-yard, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Church-yard of the Parish of Paddington, in the County of Middlesex.

And the said Amendments were severally read a Second time, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Laroche do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments, made by their Lordships.

Mr. Thomas Tower presented to the House (according Greenland to Order) a Bill for encouraging the Greenland Fishery; FHhery. and the same was received.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Tower have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Two of the Clock.

And he moved the House according^:

And the said Bill was read the First time.

Kefolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

2° Ma.

Witness Ordered, That Bennet Langton, Esquire, do attend this o mend. House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, do bring Richard Woolley, in his Custody, to attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, do bring Jeremiah Wainwright, in his Custody, to attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That John Richardson, Clerk to Jeremiah Wainwright, do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Thomas , Clerk to the Accomptant to the Charitable Corporation, for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums upon Pledges, at legal Interest, do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Haijnoan'* An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Nat- to naturalize Nicholas H was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Laroche, Mr. Winford, Mr. More, Mr. Robert Hucks, Mr. Brookfbank, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Martin, Mr. Compton, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Crofje, Lord , Colonel Fane, Sir Charles Nico/l, Mr. Burton, Mr. Alderman Perry, Mr. Tilfon, Mr. Parsons, Sir Roger Meredith, Sir Robert Austen, Sir John Tyrwhit, Mr. Mr. Crispe,

Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Eger ton. Sir James Campbell, Mr. Whitworth, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Vyner, Sir Thomas Robinson, Mr. Drummond, Mr. , Mr. Campbell,

Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr. Lewis, Sir James Thornhill, Mr. Leheup, Mr.

Sir Robert Furnefe, Mr. , Mr. Lawson: And they

are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Lloyd's, tic. An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. for supplying a Defect in a Conveyance, lately made by Charles Lloyd, senior, and Sarah his Wife, and Charles Lloyd, junior, and Jane his Wife, and for the Sale of certain Lands in the County of Montgomery, for railing Three thousand Pounds and Six hundred Pounds, and for other the Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third time.

Vol. 21.

Martis, 2° die Man; Anno 50 Georgii IF1 Regis, 1732.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Hall's Trust to vest in Mary Hall, Widow, certain Copyhold Estate* Lands in the Manors of Bedlington and Chester en le Street, in the County of Durham, to sell the same, and thereby to perform the Trusts, mentioned in the Will of Anne Hand tock, Widow, deceased, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Crosse,

Mr. Thomas Tower, Mr. Orlebar, Mr. Plumptre, Mr.

Heathcote, Colonel Onslow, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Har-rifon. Major Selwyn, Mr. Byng, Mr. Holland, Mr. New-land, Sir Henry Gough, Mr. Crowle, Mr. Glativille, Sir Thomas Lee, Mr. Shepheard, Mr. Clutter buck, Mr. Wyndham. Sir Wm. Clayton, Mr. Corbet, Mr. Longueville, Sir James Campbell, Sir Tho. Robinson, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Shuttltworth, Sir Geo. Saville,

Mr. White, Mr. Norris, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Harley, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Sir Richard Lane, Sir Roger -dith, Mr. Philips, Mr. Annesley, Sir James Lowther,

Mr. Lyfler, Mr. Gybbon, Captain Evans, Mr. More,

Mr. Bromley, Mr. Lockyer, Sir Thomas Seabright, Mr.

Cafar, Mr. Cape, Mr. Packer, Mr. Kemp, Captain Vernon, Mr. Hall; and all the Members, that serve for the Counties of Durham and -NorthumberAnd they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Orlebar reported from the Committee, to whom Staunton the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Inclosure. confirming the Exchanges, Inclosure, and Divisions, of the common Fields, common Meadows, common Grounds, and Commons, within the Parish of Staunton, in the County of Wilts, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the fame, to the Satisfaction of the Committed, and

10 X that

Greenland

Fishery.

Charitable

Corporation.

910

that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

The said Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Orlebar do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Bill for encouraging the Greenland Fishery, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to take irrtofurther Consideration the further Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Proprietors of the Charitable Corporation, for Relief ofindustrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums upon Pledges, at legal Interest, assembled in their general Court, is referred.

And Part of the said Report, relating to the Examination of Mr. John Harrison, Accomptant to the Petitioners,

and the Account, by him produced, was read.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, that the Money paid in upon the capital Stock of the Charitable Corporation, for Relief of industrious Poor, by a(Tifling them with small Sums upon Pledges, at legal Interest, was, upon the Fifteenth Day of February 1731, Three hundred and Fifty-three thousand Eight hundred and Seventeen Pounds, and Ten Shillings, and the Notes and Bonds, issued by the Committee and Assistants of the said Corporation, and then standing out, were for One hundred and Forty-five thousand Five hundred and Fifteen Pounds, amounting in the whole to Four hundred and Ninety-nine thousand Three hundred and Thirty-two Pounds, and Ten Shillings, and that the Pledges and Securities, to make good the lame, amount to no more than Seventy-seven thousand Five hundred and Seven Pounds, Three Shillings, and Two Pence Three Farthings; so that there remains a Loss of Four hundred and Twenty-one thousand Eight hundred and Twenty-five Pounds, Six Shilling?, and Nine Pence Farthing-

Resolved, That it appears to this House, that by the Charter granted to the said Corporation, the Choice of Officers, making of By-laws, and the Management of the Affairs and Business of the said Corporation, are directed to be by the general Court.

Several Parts of the said Charter, relating to the several Powers vested in the general Court, and the Committee, of the said Corporation, were read.

And a Resolution of the general Court of the said Corporation, on Tuesdaythe Second of November 1725, was read.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, that under Colour of a Resolution of the general Court of the said Corporation on Tuesdaythe Second of November 1725, impowering. the Committee of the said Corporation to begin and proceed in lending Money upon Pledges, and in order thereto, to chuse proper Officers, and agree upon Houses, and to prepare By-laws, to be laid before the general Court, and to do and perform all such other Matters and Things, as relate to the carrying on the Business of the said Corporation, the Committee of the said Corporation, have from that Time, taken upon them to appoint Officers, and to make Orders, for the Direction and Management of the Affairs of the said Corporation, without communicating the same to, or having the Approbation of, general Courts.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, that Three hundred Ninety-six thousand and Sixty-nine Pounds, Eleven Shillings, and Eight Pence Farthing, is charged to be lent out, upon Pledges, at the Offices, belonging to

the said: Corporation, iff Fenthurch-Sheet and Laurence Pounlney Hill, though no more Goods are to be found, to answer the fame, than what upon a Valuation, amount to Forty thousand Pounds.

The Third particular Instruction to the Cashierof the said Corporation, relating to the Deposit Money, contained in the Appendix to the said Report, was read.

And some Parts of the said Report, relating to the Proceedings of the Committee, with respect of one of the Keys of the Warehouse at the House in Fenchurch-freet, were read.

Resolved, That the taking the Key of the Warehouse in Fenchurch-street out of the Hands of Mr.

the Accomptant of the said Corporation, who had given large Security for his good Behaviour, and.ordering the same into the Hands of Nathanael Lovell, their Mefien-ger, who had given no Security, was one of the principal Causes of the great Loss sustained by the said Corporation.

An Order of the general Court of the said Corporation, on the Twentieth Day of March 1718, relating to the Warehouse-keepers of the said Corporation, contained in the Appendix to the said Report, was read.

And the particular Instructions to the Surveyor of the Warehouse of the said Corporation, contained in the Appendix to the said Report, were read.

And several Parts of the said Report relating to the Directions, given by the Committee of the said Corporation to Mr. Clarke, Surveyor of the Warehouse in

Fenchurch-street, to makeparticularObservationsupon the Value of Pledges, and some Entries in a Minute Book of the Committee of the said Corporation, relating to the same Matter, and an Entry in the said Minute Book, relating to the Discharge of the said Mr. Clarke from his Office of Surveyor of the Warehouse, were read.

Resolved, That the discharging Mr. Clarke, the Surveyor of the Warehouses belonging to the said Corporation, after he had made Observations upon the Insufficiency of the Value of Pledges at the Warehouse in Fenchurchfreet, without examining into the Truth of the said Observations, and the not appointing another Surveyor in his Room, gave a great Opportunity to John Thomson, Warehouse-keeper to the said Corporation, to defraud the Corporation, and was one other principal Cause of the great Loss they have sustained.

The First particular Instruction to the Warehouse-keeper of the said Corporation, contained in the Appendix to the said Report, was read.

And Part of the said Report, relating to an Orderof the Committee of the said Corporation, allowing Borrowers to negociate their Business by Brokers, was read.

And Part of the Examination of Thomas Warren and Richard Woolley, contained in the said Report, relating to Money, borrowed by them of the said Corporation, as Brokers, was read.

Resolved, That the permitting Borrowers to negociate their Business in the Names of Richard Woolley, and Thomas Warren, and other Agents and Officers of the said Corporation, as Brokers, and not in their own Names, has been the Occasion of many Frauds, and very great Loss to the said Corporation.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eleven of the Clock.

Ordered, That Mr. Matthew Lambe, of Lincoln's Inn. do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Rennet Lang Esquire, do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, do bring Richard Woolley, in his Custody, to attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, do bring Jeremiah Wainzvright, in his Custody, to attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That John Ric, Clerk to Jeremiah

Wainwright, do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Thomas Woodford, Clerk to the Accomptant

2° Mali.

Grew

lens

Cxfe;

tttrd

Lots-

Dene:

Etc

5 Geo. II. i° — 30 Mail.

Growing

Coffee in Pltntatioai,

Conference desired by Lord* —

Derwent water Estate.

'K

comptant to the Charitable Corporation, for Relief of industrious Poor, by aflifling them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 30 die Maii;

Anno 5* Georgii IP* Regis, 1732.

P RAVERS.

AN ingrossed Bill for encouraging the Growth of Coffee in the British Plantations in , was

read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press 3. L. 11. To leave out " is," and insert " are Press 5. L. Z2. To leave out " a Justice," and insert Two of his Majesty's Justices."

L. 42. Before " to" to insert of such For-

feiture."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act for encouraging the Growth of Coffee in his Majesty's Plantations in America.

Ordered, That Sir Charles 1"urner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Alien and Mr. Spicer:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords do desire a present Conference with this House, in the Painted Chamber, upon the Subject-matter of the Bill, intituled, An Act for making void the several Contrafts, for Sale of the Estate of James, late Earl of Derwentwater, to William Smith, Esquire, and also of the

Annuity of Two hundred Pounds, during the Life of Charles Radcliffe, and the Arrears thereof, to Matthew White, Esquire, and the several Conveyances, made in pursuance of the fame.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to meet the Lords at a present Conference, as their Lordships do desire.

And the Messengers were called in again; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them, that the House had considered their Message, and that this House doth agree to meet the Lords at a present Conference, as their Lord ships do desire.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to manage the said Conference.

And it is referred to Lord Gage, Mr. Mr.

Wyndham, Sir John Rufhout, Sir John Hind , Lord

Morpeth, Sir Paul Methuen, Lord Limerick, Sir Clifton, Mr. Pitt, Sir Thomas Lyttelton, Mr. Campbell, of Pembr. Mr. More, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Fox.

And the Names of the Managers were called over. And they went to the Conference:

And being returned

The Lord Gage reported, that the Managers had met the Lords at the Conference, which was managed, on the Part of the Lords, by the Duke of; who acquainted them, that the Lords having entered upon the Consideration of the Bill, intituled, An Act for making void the several Contrafts, for Sale of the Estate of James, late Earl of Derwentwater, to William Smith, Esquire, and also of the Annuity of Two hundred Pounds, during the Life of Charles Radcliffe, and the Arrears thereof, to Matthew White, Esquire, and the several Conveyances, made in pursuance of the fame, which they received from the Commons, and having read the said Bill the First Vol. 21.

time, do observe, that the Matters of Fast suggested therein, as the Ground and Foundation, upon which it seems to have proceeded in the House of Commons, not appearing sufficiently before the Lords, their Lordships have desired this Conference, that they may have the Assistance of the Commons, in laying the State of the said Matters of Fast more fully before their Lordships.

And the Report was read.

Ordered, That the Committee, who were appointed to manage the said Conference, be a Committee, to Rate the Matters of Fast, on which the said Bill was grounded, in order to be delivered to the Lords at a Conference.

Ordered, That Mr. John Chetwynd be added to the Committee.

And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker's Chamber.

And their Names were called over: And they withdrew immediately.

The Lord Gage reported from the Committee, appointed to Rate the Matters of Fast, on which the Bill, intituled, An Act for making void the several Contrafts, for the Sale of the Estate of James, late Eariof Derwentwater, to William Smith, Esquire, and also of the Annuity of Two hundred Pounds, during the Life of Charles Radcliffe, and the Arrears thereof, to Matthew White, Esquire, and the several Conveyances, made in pursuance of the fame, was grounded, in order-to be delivered to the Lords at a Conference, the State of the said Matter* of Fast: Which he read in his Place, and afterward* delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where. the same wa* read, and, with some Amendments, agreed unto by the House; and is as follows; viz.

Your Lordships having, at a Conference, desired the Assistance of the Commons, in laying more fully before your Lordships the State of the Matters of Fast, upon which the Bill, intituled, An Act for making void the several Contrafts, for Sale of the Estate of James, late Earl of Derwentwater, to William Smith, Esquire, and also of the Annuity of £. 200. during the Life of Charles Radcliffe, and the Arrears thereof, to Matthew White, Esquire, and the several Conveyances, made in pursuance of the fame, was grounded;

The Commons have commanded us to lay before your Lordships the original Deed of Settlement, made by Francis, late Earl or Derwentwater, in 1691.

And also the Deed of Settlement, made by James, late Earl of Derwentwater, in 1712, on his Marriage with Anna Maria Webbe, Daughter of Sir John Baronet.

And have also commanded us to acquaint your Lordships, that the Matters of Fast, upon which the said Bill was grounded, appeared to them, upon the Inspection of the several Books, Instruments, and Papers, relating to the Sale of the late Earl of s Estate, now

in the Custody of Mr. George Keeper of the Re-

cords and Papers, belonging to the late Commissioners and Trustees, nominated and appointed to put in Execution the Powers, contained in Two Acts of Parliament, one passed in the First Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for appointing Commissioners, to " enquire into the Estates of certain Traitors, and of popish Recusants, and of Estates, given to superstitious Uses, in order to raise Money out of them, severally, for the Use of the Publick," and the other passed in the Fourth Year of his said late Majesty's Reign, intituled, c< An Act for vesting the forfeited Estates in " Great Britain and Ireland in Trustees, to be sold, for " the Use of the Publick, and for giving Relief to lawful Creditors, by determining the Claims, and for the " more effectual bringing into the respective Exchequers " the Rents and Profits of the said Estates, till fold and also upon the Inspection of Two original Precepts, sealed and signed with the Names of Four of the said Commissioners and Trustees, directing the said William Smith and Matthew White to pay the respective Sums therein mentioned, for their respective Purchases of Part of the said late Earl of Derwentwater' % Estate, and of the

Annuity

Conference desired by Lords — Derwentwater Estate.

9i*

Man.

A. 1731.

Annuity of £. 100. issuing the reout, and payable, during Refolded, That the impowering Thomfbn, the the Life of Charles Radcliffe, which Precepts are now Warehouse-keeper of the saud Corporation, to lead as far lodged in his Majesty's Exchequer. as Two thousand Pounds upon any One Pledge, at hb

And the Commons have also commanded us further Discretion, has been one other principal Cause of the to acquaint your Lordflups, that the said Bill was also great Loss, sustained by the said Corporation

Resolved, That the neglecting to take an Account, from time to time, of the several Pledges,' said to be made to the said Corporation, and to enquire into the Reality and Value of diem, and tornfpeft into the Ware-houses of the said Corporation, were great Breaches of Trust, and were other principal Causes of the great Loss, sustained by the said Corporation.

Resolved, That the erecting, or issuing, Cash Notes, and Bonds, without the Authority or Content of a general Court of the said Corporation, was a great Breach of

grounded upon Evidence, given by Mr. George fur bill,

Mr. John Harris,

Alexander Chocke, Esquire,

John Parsons,

Mr. Samuel Allen, and Mr. Henry Redbourne:

Which, in the Opinion of the Commons, did fully make out the Allegations, contained in the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said State of the Matters of Fa<ft be delivered to the Lords at a Conference, together with Trust, and one other principal Cause of the Loft, sustained the original Deed of Settlement, made by Francis, late by the said Corporation.

Earl of Derwentzvater, in 1691, and also the Deed of Some Parts of the said Report, relating to the Manner

Settlement, made by James, late Earl of Derwentzvater, of declaring Dividends in the general Court of the said in 171a, on his Marriage with Anna Maria Webbe, Corporation, were read. Daughter of Sir John IVebbe, Baronet. And Part of the Examinations of Mr. John,

Resolved, That a Conference be desired with the Lords Accomptant to the said Corporation, and Mr. Jeremiah upon the Subject-matter of the last Conference. formerly Accomptant, and now Cashier, of

Ordered, That Mr. King do go to the Lords, and de- the said Corporation, was read.

(ire the said Conference. And Part of the Examination of Sir John Meres, Ba-

Mr. King reported to the House, that he having (ac- ronet, contained in the said Report, relating to a Con-cording to Order) been with the Lords, to desire a Conversation with Sir Robert Sutton concerning the Shares of ference upon the Subject-matter of the last Conference, the Stock of the said Corporation, was read, the Lords do agree to a Conference, and appoint the And Part of the Examination of John Edwin, Esquire, same presently, in the Painted Chamber. contained in the said Report, relating to a Conversation

Ordered, That the Committee, who managed the last with the said Sir Robert Sutton upon the same Subject, Conference, do manage this Conference. was read.

Then their Names were called over: And they went That the Committee and Assistants of the said

to the Conference:

And being returned;

The Lord Gage reported, that the Managers had been at the Conference, and had delivered to the Lords the State of the Matters of on which the Bill, intituled.

An Act for making void the several Contracts, for Sale of Money lent, and sometimes without having seen any of the Estate of James, late Earl of Derwentzvater, to Account whatsoever, in order to induce the general William Smith, Esquire, and also of the Annuity of Two Courts to make large Dividends, was an infamous Con-hundred Pounds during the Life of Charles Radcliffe, trivance, to give his Majesty's Subjects a false Notion of and the Arrears thereof, to Matthew White, Esquire, the Value of the Shares of the said Corporation, that and the several Conveyances, made in pursuance of the some of the Committee and Assistants might the more fame, was grounded, together with the Two Deeds of easily dispose of their own Shares at exorbitant Prices. Settlement, which the House had directed to be delivered Part of the said Report, relating to the several Licences,

to their Lordships. granted to increase the Capital of the said Corporation,

Corporation acquainting the several general Courts, called for declaring Dividends, that they had call up the Books, examined the Accounts, and considered their Profits, without having ever inspected the Warehouses, to fee, whether they had any Pledges for the several large Sums

Ch&ritable

Corporation.

was read.

And a Copy of the Report to his Majesty, of Sit Philip York, Knight, his Majesty's Attorney-general, dated the

The Orders of the Day being read;

The House resumed the further Consideration of the futther Report from the Committee, to whom the Peti- Seventh of April 1730, upon a Petition of the said Cor-tion of the Proprietors of the Charitable Corporation, poration for an Increase of their Capital, supported by an for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with Affidavit of William Burroughs, Esquire, sworn March small Sums upon Pledges, at legal Interest, assembled in 18th 1729, was read.

their general Court, is referred. And some Parts of the said Report, relating to the

And an Order of the Committee of the said Corpora- State of the Fund of the said Corporation, when the tion, on the Eighth of November 1726, contained in the said Affidavit was sworn, were read, said Report, impowering the Officers of the Warehouse And the Date of the Second Licence, granted to the in Fenchurch-Jireet, belonging to the said Corporation, said Corporation, for an Increase of their Capital, on the authorised by any Writing under the Hand of any one Twenty-first of June 1728, was read, of the said Committee, or Assistants, in the said House, And an Entry in a Minute Book of the said Corpora* to lend more than One thousand Pounds upon One tion, on the First of 1728, relating to the Notice,

Pledge at any time, was read. given to the general Court, of the Grant of the said

Resolved, That the impowering the Officers at the Licence, was read.

Warehouse in Fenchurck-street, belonging to the said Cor- And the Date of the Third Licence, granted to the poration, to lend any Sum whatever upon one Pledge, said Corporation, for an Increase of their Capital, on the with the Consent of any one of the Committee, or Assist- Thirty-first of July 1730, Was read, ants, by any Writing under his Hand, has been the And an Entry in a Minute Book of the said Corpora-Occasion of great Loss, and is contrary to the Intent and tion, on the First of October 1730, relating to the Notice, Purpose of the Charter of the said Corporation. given to the general Court, of the Grant of the said

An Order of the Committee of the said Corporation, Licence, was read, on the Twenty-eighth of July 1727, contained in the And the Examinations of Mr. William Higgs, Secretary

said Report, impowering John Thomson, the Warehouse- to the said Corporation, and of Mr. Jeremiah keeper of the said Corporation, to lend as far as Two first Accomptant, and then Cashier, to the said Corpo-thousand Pounds upon any One Pledge, and any further ration, and of Thomas David Faikney, and

Sum, with the Approbation of the Committee, was Thomas Lease, contained in the said Report, relating to read. the Manner of obtaining the said Licences, or one of

them

Geo. II. 3* — 40 MaH.

- Charitable them, and to the Purchase of Shares of the Stock of the

: Corporation, said Corporation, were read.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, that the several Licences, granted for augmenting the Capital of the said Corporation to Three hundred thousand Pounds, and Six hundred thousand Pounds, were obtained upon false Suggestions and Kepresentations, and were applied for to the Crown without any Order of a general Court, or Court of Committee, of the said Corporation, and in a private and clandestine Manner, and kept secret for IbmeMonths, for the private Advantage of fbme of the Committee and Assistants, and their Agents, during which Time great Numbers of Shares were bought by them.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, that Copart-Uerships have been entered into between some of the Committee and Assistants, and some Agents and Servants of the said Corporation, in which the Calli of the said Corporation has been employed, and great Sums loft, and embezzled.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, that many notorious fraudulent and indirect Practices have for some Years last past been carried on by Persons, concerned in the Direction and Management of the said Corporation, their Servants, Agents, and Accomplices, to the utter Ruin of many of his Majesty's faithful Subjects, in manifest Violation of the Trust reposed in them, and contrary to the Intention of their Charter.

Some other Parts of the said Report, relating to the said Sir Robert Sutton, a Member of this House, were read.

And an Entry in a Minute Book of the Proceedings of the general Court of the said Corporation, on the First of October 1728, relating to the said Sir Robert Sutton, was read.

Ordered, That the further Confederation of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Matthew , of Inn,

do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Bennet Esquire, do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, do bring Richard Woolley, in his Custody, to attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms, Attending this House, do bring Jeremiah in his Custody,

to attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That John Clerk to Jeremiah

Wainwright, do attend this House Tomorrow Mornipg. Ordered, That Thomas Woodford, Clerk to the Accomptant to the Charitable Corporation, for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

import* from ' Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning

Dunkirk, next, take into Consideration the Account of what Duties have been paid at the Custom-house in London, and the Out-ports, for foreign Spirits and Brandies, imported from Dunkirk, from the Twenty-fifth of December 1727, to the Twenty-fifth of December 1731, distinguishing the

Account of each Year, and under what Denomination of Brandies the Duty was paid for the lame, and also the Account of the Number of Pieces, and half Pieces of Cambrick, imported from Dunkirk into the Port of from the Twenty-fifth of December 1727,10 the Twenty-fifth of December 1731, distinguishing each Year, and under what Denomination of Cambricks the Duties were paid, and how much the same annually amounted to, which Accounts were presented to this House upon the Thirteenth of the last Month, and also the Return of the Commissioners of the Customs to an Order of this House, of the Nineteenth of the last Month, for laying before the House the Representation, made by the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of his Majesty's Exchequer, relating to the Importation of Brandies from Dunkirk, with the Directions, given by the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of his Majesty's Exchequer, thereupon, which Return was V Ot. 21.

presented to this House the Twenty-first of the last

Month.

And then the House adjourned dll Tomorrow Morning* Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 40 die Matt;

Anno 5* Georgii IP* Regis, 1732.

Praters.

THE House (according to Order) resolved itself into Greenland a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Fishery, encouraging the Greenland Fishery,

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Charles Turner reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Sandys reported from the Committee, to whom the Lord iogrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for en- Molesworth's abling Richard, Lord Viscount Molesworth, and his Brothers, to make Leases for Lives, or Years, determinable upon Lives, renewable for ever, or to make Grants in Fee-farm, of a Piece of Ground in the City of Dublin, was committedj that the Committee had examined, and found, that the Orders of the House, concerning Notices to be given in Ireland, before any private Bill, relating to Estates there, be brought in, had been complied with 1 and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the Amendments were read, and are as follows; viz.

Press 3. L. 33. Leave out the Second or," and insert " and."

Press 4. L. 25. Leave out " is since dead," and, instead thereof insert " on or about the 17th Day of February, which was in the Year of our Lord 1725,

c departed this Life."

L. 26. Leave out " Male," and insert " leav- ing Maty, Viscountess Molesworth, his Wife, enfient,

" or with Child, at the Time of his Decease; which " said Mary has been since delivered of a Daughter,

" named Mary Molesworth, who was born on or about " the 8th Day of May, which was in the Year of our " Lord 1726, and is still living, and is entitled to the " Reversion and Inheritance of the Premisses, expectant " upon the Determination of the several Estates Tail " aforesaid and after " and" insert " whereas."

Press 7. L. 4. After the Word " been " insert " granted "

L. 5. After " or" insert by the Powers."

Press 8. L. 16. After " recited" insert or by Defeent from the said Robert, late Lord Viscount Moles " worth."

Press last, L. 1. Leave out "other."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, Press 6. Line 23. after the Word " Rent " to insert these Words, save, as herein is mentioned."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

10 Y The

Charitable

Corporation.

A Member expelled.

9*4

The House (according to Order) resumed the further Consideration of the f urther Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Proprietors of the Charitable Corporation, for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, assembled in their general Court, is referred.

And Mr. John Venables, Accomptant to the said Corporation, was called in, and examined.

And then he withdrew.

And Mr. John Burman, Clerk to the said Committee, was called in, and produced several Certificates of the Sufficiency of Pledges, made to the said Corporation, endorsed with the Receipts of the Borrowers, which had been delivered to him by some of the Inspectors, lately appointed by the said Corporation.

And then he withdrew.

Mr. Jeremiah IVainzvright, formerly Accomptant, and now Cashier, of the said Corporation, was called in, and examined.

And then he withdrew.

And some Forms of Receipts, given by the Pledgers of Goods to the said Corporation, and by the Cashier thereof to the said Pledgers, endorsed on Bills of Sale, and Certificates, contained in the Appendix to the said Report, were read.

And the said Certificates, and the Receipts thereon endorsed, produced by the said Mr. Burman, were read.

And an Entry in a Minute Book of the Committee of Accounts of the said Corporation, relating to an Order, made by the said Committee of Accounts, directing the Certificates of the Warehouse-keeper of the said Corporation to be signed by the Gentlemen of the Committee, or Assistants, was read.

And one of the Certificates, and the Receipt thereon endorsed, produced by the said Mr. John Burman, was again read.

And Mr. Wainvuright was again called in, and examined.

And then he withdrew.

And Mr. John Richardson, Clerk to the said Mr.

Wainwriglit, was called in, and examined.

And then he withdrew.

And Mr. Matthew Lambe was called in, and examined.

And then he withdrew.

And Mr. John Venables was again called in, and examined.

And then he withdrew.

A. 1732*

And then the Hdufe adjourned till Tomorrow Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Vi eneris, 50 dieMaii;

Anno j* Georgii IIil Regis, 173a.

Prayers.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. and

Mr. Burroughs:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act «.-o1,ili||t for the better Regulation and Government of Pilots, PU#tt,»c licensed by the Corporation of of Deptford

Strond, in the County of Kent, and to prevent Mischiefs and Annoyances upon the River of Thames below London Bridge, with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Woollen for the Encouragement of the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom, by the more effectual preventing the unlawful Exportation of the Woollen Manufactures of the Kingdom of /re/tf»</,.without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Clayton reported from the Committee, to whom Hyde Park the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Cond«iu,*c. vetting the Conduit3, Springs, and Waters, in HydeV&rk, in Trustees, for the Benefit of his Majesty, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table; where the Amendment was read, and is as follows; viz.

Press 9. L. 9. After John " insert, " JoJhut

" Gibbons."

The said Amendment, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

4b — 50 Maii.

Qnib

And Sir Robert Sutton was heard in his Place.

And then he withdrew.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, that the Right honourable Sir Robert Sutton, Knight of the most honourable Order of the Bath, a Member of this House, and one of his Majesty's most honourable Privy Council, has been guilty, as one of the Committee for managing the Affairs of the Charitable Corporation, for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest; of promoting, abetting, and carrying on, several indirect and fraudulent Practices.

Resolved, That the said Sir Robert Sutton be, for his said Offence, expelled this House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Berrnet Langton Esquire, do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, do bring Jeremiah Wainwright, in his Custody, to attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, do bring Richard Woolley, in his Custody, to attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That John RicharClerk to Jeremiah fVilinwright, do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Thomas Woodford, Clerk to the Accomptant to the Charitable Corporation, for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Charles Turner (according to Order) reported from ^1, the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill Fiflwj. for encouraging the Greenland Fishery, was committed, the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in the Clerk's Table; where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to make Process in Courts of Equity effectual against Persons, who abscond, and cannot be served therewith, or who refuse to appear, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Winnington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath, agreed to the fame, with some Amendments; to which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

Sir Geo. Saville reported from the Committee, to York Cloth whom the Bill for explaining, amending, and making more effectual, an Act, made in the Eleventh Year <J the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled,

Shrirable

irpcration.

Member

pelled.

5

r

5 Geo. II.

tuled, '‘An Act for the better regulating the Manufacttlre of Cloth in the West Riding of the County of was committed, and to whom the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Merchants, and Clothiers, Makers of Kerseys, Plains, and other narrow Cloths, in the West Riding of the County of York, and also the Petition of the Makers of Kerseys, Plains, and other narrow Woollen Cloths, whose Names arc thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves and others, Makers of such narrow Cloths, in the West Riding of the County of were referred j that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had considered the said Petitions, and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in, at the Clerk's Table j where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, one of them was disagreed to, and the rest were, with Amendments, of and to feme of them, agreed unto, by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That the Money, expended and disbursed in and about obtaining the Act, shall be first issued, paid, and applied.

And the said Clause was twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House (according to Order) resumed the further Consideration of the further Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Proprietors of the Charitable Corporation, for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, assembled in their general Court, is referred.

And some Parts of the said Report, and Appendix thereunto, relating to Sir Archibald Baronet,

a Member of this House, were read.

And Mr. Thomas Wilson was called in, and examined. And then he withdrew.

And Mr. Bartholomew Swartz was called in, and examined.

And then he withdrew.

And Mr. Alexander Ross was called in, and examined. And then he withdrew.

And Mr. Thomas Wilson was again called in, and examined.

And then he withdrew.

And Mr. Thomas Wilson was again called in, and examined.

And then he withdrew.

And Part of a Deed of Alignment from Charles Murray, Esquire, to the said Sir Archibald , dated April 24th 1730, was read.

And Part of an Account, stated between Sir Archibald Grant, and John Thomson, Warehouse-keeper of the said Corporation, was read.

And Bennet Lang ion, Esquire, was called in, and examined.

And then he withdrew.

And Mr. Jeremiah Waiuwright, formerly Accomptant, and now Cashier, of the said Corporation, was called in, and examined.

And then he withdrew.

And Mr. Thomas Woodford, Clerk to the Accomptant of the said Corporation, was called in, and examined. And then he withdrew.

And Mr. John Richardson, Clerk to the said Mr. wright, was called in, and examined.

And then he withdrew.

And Sir Archibald Grant was heard in his Place.

And then he withdrew.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, that Sir Archibald Grant, Baronet, a Member of this House, and one of the Committee of the Charitable Corporation, for Relief Vol. 21.

915

of industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums upon Pledges, at legal Interest, is guilty of having been concerned in Copartnerships, in which the Cath of the said Corporation has been employed, and great Sums loft, and embezzled, and of having been principally concerned in promoting, abetting, and carrying on, many other indirestand fraudulent Practices, in the Management of the Affairs of the said Corporation.

Resolved, That the said Sir Archibald Grant be, for his laid Offence, expelled this House.

Some Parts of the said Report, relating to Denis Bond, Esquire, were read.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, that Denis Bond, Esquire, has been concerned, as one of the Committee of the said Corporation, in promoting, abetting, and carrying on, several indirect and fraudulent Practices, in the Management of the Affairs of the said Corporation. Some Parts of the said Report, relating to William Burroughs, Esquire, were read.

And a Copy of an Affidvavit of Wm. Burroughs, Esquire, sworn March 18th 1729, in Support of a Petition of the said Corporation to his Majesty, for an Increase of their Capital, was read.

Resolved, uemine contradicett/e, That it appears to this House, that William Burroughs, Esquire, one of the Committee of the said Corporation, has been principally and notoriously concerned in the said Copartnerships, and in many other indirect and fraudulent Practices, in the Management of the Affairs of the said Corporation.

Some Parts of the said Report, relating to Mr. George Jackson, were read.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, that Mr. George Jackson, one of the Assistants of the said Corporation, has been concerned in promoting, abetting, and carrying on, several indirestand fraudulent Practices, in the Management of the Affairs of the said Corporation.

Some Parts of the said Report, relating to Mr. Benjamin Robinson, were read.

Resolved, That it appears to this House, that Mr. Benjamin Robinson, one other of the Assistants of the said Corporation, has been concerned in promoting, abetting, and carrying on, several indirect and fraudulent Practices, in the Management of the Affairs of the said Corporation.

Resolved, nemine contradicente, That it appears to this House, that William Squire, one other of the Assistants of the said Corporation, has been principally and notoriously concerned in the said Copartnerships, and in many other indirect and fraudulent Practices, in the Management of the Affairs of the said Corporation.

Resolved, nemine contradicente, That it appears to this House, that George Robinson, Agent and Banker to the said Corporation, has been a notorious Accomplice with the said Committee-men, and Assistants, in the said Copartnerships, and in many other indirect and fraudulent Practices, in the Management of the Affairs of the said Corporation.

Resolved, nemine contradicente. That it appears to this House, that John Thomson, Warehouse-keeper to the said Corporation, has been a notorious Accomplice with the said Committee-men, and Assistants, in the said Copartnerships, and other indirect and fraudulent Practices, in the Management of the Affairs of the said Corporation.

Some Parts of the said Report, relating to Richard Woolley, were read.

Resolved, nemine contradicente, That it appears to this House, that Richard Woolley has been greatly aiding and assisting to, and a notorious Accomplice with, the said John Thomson, in carrying on many indirect and fraudulent Practices, in the Management of the Affairs of the said Corporation.

Some Parts of the said Report, relating to Thomas Warren, were read.

Resolved, nemine contradicente, That it appears to this House, that Thomas Warren has been greatly aiding and assisting to, and a notorious Accomplice with, the said

John

916 5° — 6* — 8-° Mail 1731,

John Thomfod, in carrying On many indirect and fraudulent Practicfcs, in the Management of the Affairs of the said Corporation.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbatic 6°;

Anno 5* Georgii II. Reps, 1731.

Pkayiks.

Lord A N ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Efc°r*S' ^or ehabling Richard, Lord Viscount Molesworth te* and his Brothers, to make Leases for Lives, or Years, determinable upon Lives, renewable for ever, or to make Grants in Fee-farm, of a Piece of Ground in the City of Dublin, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do

pals.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with sortie Amendments; to which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Allen and Mr. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

Kensington The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

Road«. exp]ajn> amend, and render more effectual, an Act*

passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act for repairing " the Roads in the Parishes of Kensington, and

" Fulham, and other Parishes, in the County of ,"

with an Amendment} to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

Stanhope'* The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Mate. Sale of certain Woods* Wood-lands, and other Lands, in the Counties of Bucks, Hertford, and Bedford, Part of the Estate of Sir William Stanhope, Knight of the Bath, and for settling other Lands in the County of Warwick, of greater yearly Value, to the same Uses} to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Greenland An ingrossed Bill for encouraging the Fishery. Fishery, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be. An Act for encouraging the Greenland Fishery.

Otdered, That Mr, Thomas Tower do carry' the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Stanhope^ An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. for gale of certain Woods, Wood-lands, and other Lands,

in the Counties Of Bucks, Hertford, and Bedford, Part of the Estate of Sir William Stanhope, Knight of the Bath, and for settling other Lands in the County of Warwick, of greater yearly Value, to the same Uses, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Regulation The House took into Consideration the Amendments, of Pilots, &c.made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation and Government of Pilots licensed by the Corporation of Trinity-house of in the County of Kent, and to prevent Mischiefs and Annoyances upon the River of Thames below London Bridge.

And the said Amendments were read, and are as follows; viz.

Press a. L. 11. Leave out from " endangered" to " And whereas," in the 18th Line of the same Press.

Press^ L. 31. Leave out from " Pounds" to the ad " and, " in the 12th Line of the 5th Press.

Press 5.L. 31. Leave out from c< prohibited" to "and" in the 40th Line of the same Press.

At the End of the Bill add a Proviso, marked A: Which is as follows:

A. Provided also, that this Act, or any thing herein " contained, shall not extend, or be copftrued to extend* " to abridge, prejudice, or derogate from, any Right* " Authority* or Jurisdiction, belonging to the Office of " Lord High Admiral, but that the same shall be and " continue in the same State and Condition, as before " the making of this Act."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, and the Proviso the Third time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Winnington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments, made by their Lordships.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Lunce, 8° die Maii;

Anno 5* Georgii II41 Regis, 1732.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for explaining, amending, and YwtCM making more effectual, an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty KingGwrjf the First, intituled, "An Act for the better regulating " the Manufacture of Cloth in the West Riding of the " County of York," was read the Third time.

Resolved, Th % t the Bill do pass} and that the Title be,

An Act for explaining, amending, and making more effectual, an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Fiift, intituled,

" An Act for the better regulating the Manufacture of 4< Cloth in the West Riding of the County of York" Ordered, That Sir George Saville do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House (according to Order) resumed the further ctariai Consideration of the further Report from the Committee Cotpmti to whom the Petition of the Proprietors of the Charitable Corporation, for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, assembled in their general Court, is referred.

Resolved, That the Right honourable Sir Robert Sutton, Knight of the Bath, Sir Archibald Grant, Baronet, Denis Bond, William Burroughs, Esquires, Mr. George Mr. Benjamin Robinson, Mr. William Squire, George Robinson, John Thomson, Richard Woolley, and Thoms Warren, having been guilty of many notorious Breaches of Trust, and many indirect and fraudulent Practices, 1 in the Direction and Management of the Affairs of the Charitable Corporation, for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, and having thereby occasioned great Losses to many of his Majesty's Subjects, ought to make a just Satisfaction for the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to rest rain the Right honourable Sir Robert Sutton, Knight of the Bath, Sir Archibald Grant, Baronet, Denis Bond, W*. Burroughs, Esquires, Mr. George Jackson, Mr. Benjemin Robinson, Richard Woolley, and Thomas Warren, from going out of this Kingdom for the Space of one Year, and until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and for discovering their Estates and Effects, and for preventing the transporting, or alienating, the same 1 and that Mr. Sandys and the Lord Limerick do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Otdered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill, that they do iuftrt a Clause or Clauses therein, to oblige Ifillinn Squire to surrender himself at a Time and Place, to be mentioned in the Bill, and to give Security for not going

out

Fm

Eiiai

Ha-ii

K

&L

Ci

Francii*

Kiiatr.

5 Gko. II. 8a — 90 Mail.

out of this Kingdom for the Space of one Year, and until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and for discovering his Estate and Effects, and for not transporting, or alienating, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of the Sufferers in the Charitable Corporation, for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest; and that Mr. Sandys and the Lord Limerick do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Ordered, That the further Confederation of the said Report be adjourned till Friday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martts, 90 die Maii;

Anno 5* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1732.

Prayers. '

MR. Gape reported from the Committee, to whom the ingroired Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for charging the settled Estate of John Francis, Clerk, with the Payment of his Father's Debts and Legacies, and for settling another Estate, of greater Value, to the Uses of his Marriage Settlement, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the fame, to the Satisfactionof the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

The laid Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Gape do catry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

which they had directed him to make: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table, together with an Appendix thereunto; where the same was read.

The laid Report, and the Appendix thereto, being printed by Order of the House, a printed Copy thereof is bound up in a Volume, containing the several printed Reports of this Session, which is preserved with the other Books, belonging to the House; and the Original is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Resolved, nemine contradicenleThat an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to give such Directions, as he in his great Wisdom shall think proper, for the better Reception, and more convenient Use, of the publick Records of this Kingdom, and particularly of the Cottonian Library; and to allure his Majesty, that, whatever extraordinary Expence shall be incurred for these Purposes, this House will make good the fame.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to draw up an Address, to be presented to his Majesty, upon the said Resolution:

And it is referred to Mr. Winnington, Mr. Walpole, Sir John Hind Cotton, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Mr.

Scrope, Sir Charles Turner, Mr. Sandys, Mr Knight, Mr. Clutter buck, Mr. Thomas Tower, Mr. Harley, Mr. Ortebar, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Attorney-general, Sir Wm. Yonge, Sir Thoma$ Robifijon, Sir Roger Meredith, Mr. Wyndham, Mr. Cox, Mr. Edward, Walpole, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Earl, Mr. Papil/on, Mr. Fane, Mr. Mr.

Compton, Mr. Howard, Mr. Mr. Solicitor-general,

Mr. Martin, Colonel Onslow, Lord Morpeth, Mr. Onglcy, Mr. Vincent, Sir Robert Salufbury Cotton, Colonel Bladon, Mr. Holland, Mr. Lutwyche, Mr. Faxakerley, and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe; or any Five of them: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the said Report, and Appendix, be referred to the said Committee.

Haijman'* Mr. Laroche reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to naturalize Nicholas Haijman, was committed; that the

Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

The said Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pal's.

Ordered, That Mr. Laroche do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed; to the lame, without any Amendment.

- Hall'* Trull Mr. Crofsr reported from the Committee, to whom the

fcflate. ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to veil in Maty Hall, Widow, certain Copyhold Lands in the Manors of Bedlington and Chesterenle Street, in the County of Durham, to sell the same, and thereby to perform the Trusts mentioned in the Will of Anne Handcock, Widow, deceased, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same 1 to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the

' Bill, and the Parties concerned had given their Consent

to the fame, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Cottonian Mr. Winnington reported from the Committee, ap-? Library. pointed to view the Cottonian Library, and such of the publick Records of this Kingdom, as they think proper, f and to report to the House the Condition thereof, together

with what they shall judge fit to be done, for the better Reception, Preservation, and more convenient Use, of the fame, that the Committee had agreed upon a Report

& Vox.'21.

Mr. Sandys presented to the House (according to Retraining Order) a Bill to restrain the Right honourable Sir Robert SirR.Sutton, Sutton, Knight of the Bath, Sir Archibald , Baronet, &c. from Denis Bond, Wm. Burroughs, Esquires, Mr. George Jackson, Mr. Benjamin Robinson, Richard , and

Thomas Warren, from going out of this Kingdom for the Space of one Year, and until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and for discovering their Estates and Effcdls, and for preventing the transporting, or alienating, the same; and to oblige Wm. Squire to surrender himselfat aTiine and Place, to be mentioned in the Bill, and to give Security for not going out of this Kingdom for the Space of one Year, and until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and for discovering his Estate and Effects, and for not transporting, or alienating, the fame: And the same was received, and read)the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Kynaston and Mr. Spicer:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Supply Bill; for the further Application of the Sinking Fund, by pay- Sinking ing off One Million of South Sea Stock; and for appro- *?und> &c‘ priating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills,

Lottery Tickets, and Orders, loft, burnt, or otherwise destroyed; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by Lloyd'*, &c. this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for supplying a Defect in a Conveyance, lately made by Charles Lloyd, senior, and Sarah his Wife, and Charles Lloyd, junior, and Jane, his Wife, and for the Sale of certain Lands in the County of Montgomery, for railing Three thousand

10 Z Pounds,

9*8 9° — 10° Mali. A. 1732,

Pounds, and Six hundred Pounds, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Order of the Day being read;

Import! fro* Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Month, Dunkiric. ^e into Consideration the Account of what Duties have been paid at the Custom-house in , and the Out-

ports, for foreign Spirits and Brandies, imported from Dunkirk, from the Twenty-fifth of December 1727, to the Twenty-fifth of December 1731, distinguishing the Account of each Year, and under what Denomination of Brandies the Duty was paid for the same, and also the Account of the Number of Pieces, and half Pieces, of Cambrick, imported from Dunkirk into the Port of London, from the Twenty-fifth of December 1727, to the Twenty-fifth of December 1731, distinguilTring each Year, and under what Denomination of Catnbricks the Duties were paid, and how much the same annually amounted to, which Accounts were presented to this House upon the Thirteenth of the last Month, and also the Return of the Commissioners of the Customs to an Orderof this House, of the Nineteenth of the lad Month, for laying before the . House the Representation, made by the Commissioners [a] for executing the Office of Treasurer of his Majesty's Exchequer, relating to the Importation of Brandies from Dunkirk, with the Directions, given by the Comissioners for executing the Office of Ireafurer of his Majesty's Exchequer, thereupon, which Return was presented to this House the Twenty-first of the last Month.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 10° die Maii;

Anno 5* Georgii IP1 Regis, 173a. Pray e rs.

Mr. Cholmondcly, Mr. Talbot, Sir ll tn. Mr.

Gifford, Sir Geo. Seville, Mr. Sir Wm. Cour-

tenay, Mr. Watkin Williams Wynne; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Bucks, Hertford, and Bedford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to vest in Mary Hall, Widow, certain Copyhold Lands tto. in the Manors of Bedlington and Chester en le Street, in the County of Durham, to sell the same, and thereby to perform the Trusts, mentioned in the Will of Widow, deceased, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Cross do carry' the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Bill to restrain the Right honourable Sir Robert Sutton, Knight of the Bath, Sir Archibald Grant, Baronet, SirR.Sutwi, Denis Bond, William Burroughs, Esquires, Mr. George Jackson, Mr. Benjamin Robinson, Richard Woolley, and Thomas Warren, from going out of this Kingdom for the ‘ Space of one Year, and until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and for discovering their Estates and Effects, and for preventing the transporting, or alienating, the fame; and to oblige William Squire to surrender himself at a Time and Place, to be mentioned in the Bill, and to give Security for not going out of this Kingdom for the Space of OnefYear, and until the Endjof the then next Session of Parliament, and for discovering his Estate and Effects, and for not transporting, or alienating, the' fame, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Wimlfor

Writ.

Stanhope'*

Estate.

/^iCD ERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant

to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of New Windsor, in the County of Berks, in the room of the Right honourable Fere Beauclerk, Esquire, commonly called Lord Vere Beauclerk, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of one of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy.

Ordered, That Mr. Kemp do carry to the Lords, the p^, ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for tin. charging the settled Estate of John Clerk, withtbe

Payment of his Father's Debts and Legacies, and for settling another Estate, of greater Value, to the Uses of his Marriage Settlement, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Saleof certain Woods, Wood-lands, and other Lands, in the Counties of Bucks, Hertford, and Bedford, Parc of the Estate of Sir William Stanhope, Knight of the Bath, and for settling other Lands in the County of Warwick, of a greater yearly Value, to the same LJfes, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Winnington, Lord Limerick, Mr. Pulteney, Sir Thomas Robinson, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Longueville, Sir Charles-Nicoll, Mr. Burton, Mr. Andrews, Mr. Stanhope, Mr. Major Selwyn, Colonel Duckett, Lord Morpeth, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Newland, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Bramston, Mr. Harley, Mr. Gape, Mr. Kemp, Mr. Gay, Mr. Fox, Sir Wm. Stanhope, Lord Mr.

Wyndham, Sir John Hind Cotton, Mr. Clutterbuck, Mr. Lumley, Mr. Dalrymple, Colonel Read, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Scawen, Mr. Lyfler, Sir Roger Meredith, Mr. Win-ford, Mr. Cnffe, Mr. Annesley, Mr. Citfar, Mr. Campbell, Sir Richard Lane, Captain , Lord Percival Mr. Earle, Sir Geo.Cafwall, Lord Mr. Wortley,

Mr. Tower, the Master of the Rolls, Sir Paul Methuen, Mr. Smelt, Mr. Plummer, Mr. Hall, Mr. Lazvfon, Colonel Selwyn, Mr. Compton, Sir John Rujbout, Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Mr. Cary, Mr. Parker, Mr. Thompson,

Mr. Bertie, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Sir James Campbell, Mr. Shirley, Sir Jeremy Sambrook, Mr. Seymour, Mr. Ongloy, Mr. Martin, Sir James Grant Mr. Shippen,

The Lord Limerick presented to the House (according to Order) a Bill for the Relief of the Sufferers in the Suff«b Charitable Corporation, for Relief of industrious Poor, Chamable by assisting them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at Corporuot legal Interest; and the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Wimington reported from the Committee, appointed Yesterday to draw up an Address, to be presented Litw.7. to his Majesty; that the Committee had drawn up an Address accordingly, which they had dire died him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, having taken into our Consideration the great Collection of valuable Records, belonging to this Nation, and the Necessity of transmitting them down fafeand intire, for the Use of our Posterity, humbly beg Leave to represent to your Majesty the State in which we found them, together with the Inconveniences, that may arise from their remaining in their present Situation.

A great Part of the Cottonian Library, with the Variety of curious and useful Matters therein contained, has, notwithstanding the late Fire at Ashburnham House, by the great

W Thrfe Wordi ‘of bii Majesty'i Customs to the Commissioncn," are here omitted, 11 also li the tevcral Entries of this Older upoa the 28th of Anrii, and the 3d of Mty preceding.

5 Geo. II. 10° — n ° Mail.

9*9

Cottonian great Diligence and Attention of the Trustees, been pre-Library. served; and, that the Publick may not, for want of due Care, be gradually deprived of lo noble and generous a Benefaction, we beg Leave to recommend it, in the most particular Manner, to your Majesty's Consideration, Favour, and Protection.

The several Places, assigned for the Preservation of all these inestimable Monuments of Antiquity, are too narrow and confined for their Reception, and feme of them in a very ruinous and dangerous Condition.

We find also some Records, not deposited in their proper Offices, but either remaining in private Hands, or in Places not assigned for publick Records, nor under the Care of any Rated Officer.

Nor has the ancient Method of removing Records from the Offices, wherein they are originally formed, to such Places, as are appointed to preserve them, been duly observed, chiefly for want of Room in the present Offices, allotted for their Reception.

Great Inconveniences have arilen to the Enquirers after this useful Knowledge, not only from these Difficulties, but also from the undistinguished and confused Manner, in which some of the Records of this Kingdom have been kept, there being no general Calendars, or Indexes, to the Whole; which, with proper Encouragement, maybe completed by Persons of Skill, and Ability, and would probably bring to Light many material Remains of Antiquity, which, from the Difficulty of Access, have long laid unknown, and neglected.

The present short Inquiry, imperfect as it is, has produced an Instance of this, by discovering amongst the ancient Records, that Directions for Works of this Kind have been formerly given by your Majesty's royal Predecessors.

Your faithful Commons beg Leave further humbly to represent to your Majesty, that, as the publick Interest is concerned in providing more secure and decent Repofi-tories for the Records of this Kingdom, so the publick Faith is engaged for the better Reception and Preservation of the Cottonian Library, so generously given for thepub-Jick Service.

And, as there is at present little or no Allowance to the Keeper of the said Library, we humbly submit it to your Majesty's Consideration, whether, if a proper and reasonable Stipend were granted to him, it would not engage him to perform his Duty with greater Care and Diligence.

Having thus, with the greatest Humility, laid the State of the Records of this Kingdom, and of the Cottonian Library, before your Majesty, we assure ourselves, that it will be entirely agreeable to your Majesty's gracious Dif-position to transmit to future Ages these Monuments and Remains of Antiquity, so necessary and useful to the Knowledgeand Preservation of our excellent Constitution, which, we hope, will go down to Posterity, together with the Family, under which it now flourifties, as in-separableand perpetual Blessings to this Nation.

Your faithful Commons do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty, that you will be graciously pleased to give such Directions, as your Majesty in your great Wisdom shall think fir, for the better Reception, and tnore convenient Use, of the publick Records of this Kingdom, and of the Cottonian Library.

And we beg Leave further to assure your Majesty, that, whatever extraordinary Expences are incurred by the Directions, your Majesty in your great Wisdom shall think fit to give on this Occasion, shall, with great Cheerfulness and Unanimity, be provided for, and made good, by your faithful Commons.

The said Address being read a Second time.

Refolded, nemine contradicenThat the House doth

agree with the Committee in the said Adclrefs, to be prefen ted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Maiellv's most honourable Privy Council.

Vol. 21.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Thomas Bonnet and Mr. Elde:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by Proee6 this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making Process in Courts of Equity effectual against Persons, fending, who abscond, and cannot be served therewith, or who refuse to appear, with some Amendments; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, ii° die Matt \

Anno 5# Georgii IId‘ Regis, 173*.

Prayers.

H E House took into Consideration the Amend- Ditto, ments, made by the Lords to the Amendments, made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making Process in Courts of Equity effectual against Persons, who abscond, and cannot be served therewith, or who refuse to appear.

And the Amendments, mada by the Lords, were read, and are as follows; viz.

Page 2d. L. 3d, and 4th. Leave out " Equity in the ;" and in the next Line, after " Exchequfcr," leave out " Chamber."

The laid Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Winningutudo carry the Bill to the

Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments, made by their Lordships.

A Bill for the Relief of the Sufferers in the Charitable Relief of Corporation, for Relief of the industrious Poor, by assist- Sufferers by ing them with smallSums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, Charitable was read a Second time. orpora on.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, that their Anforer Address, of Yesterday, had been presented to his Majesty; to Address. and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he will give Directions according to the said Address.

Ordered, That William Burroughs, Esquire, now in APersonin Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, Custody be committed Prisoner to his Majesty's Prison of th ^Fleet

and that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants accordingly. prison.

The House (according to Order) resolved itself into a Rest raining Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to restrain SirR.Sutton, the Right honourable Sir Robert Sutton, Knight of the

Bath, Sir Archibald Grant, Baronet, Denis Bond, Wil- Kingdom. Ham Burroughs, Esquires, Mr. George , Mr. Benjamin Robinson, Richard Woolley, and Thomas Warren,

from going out of this Kingdom for the Space of one Year, and until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and for discovering their Estates and Effects, and for preventing the transporting, or alienating, the feme; and to oblige William Squire to surrender himself at a Time and Place, to be mentioned in the Bill, and to give Security for not going out of this Kingdom for the Space of one Year, and until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and for discovering his Estate and Effects, and for not transporting, or alienating, the fame.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The

9^0 xx° — ia° Mail. A. 170,1.

The Lord Limerick took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Limerick reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Allen and Mr. Spicer:

Mr. Speaker,

Growing The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Coffee in for encouraging the Growth of Coffee in his Majesty's Plantations. Plantations in America, without any Amendment: And also,

Hat The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Mmuwaure. to prevent the Exportation of Hats out of any of his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in , and to

restrain the Number of Apprentices, taken by the Hat-makers in the said Colonies or Plantations, and for the better encouraging the making Hats in Great Britain, without any Amendment: And also,

Dunstable The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Roads. for the effectual repairing the Highways between Dunstable and Hock/iffe, in the County of Bedford, by enlarging the Term and Powers granted by Two former Acts, one of the Ninth, and the other of the Twelfth, Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, without any Amendment: And also,

Derwent- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act water Estate. for making void the several Contrafts, for Sale of the Estate of James, late Earl of Derwent water, to William Smith, Esquire, and also of the Annuity of Two hundred Pounds, during the Life of Charles Radcliffe, and the Arrears thereof, to Matthew White, Esquire, and the several Conveyances, made in pursuance of the fame, without any Amendment: And allb.

Lord The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by

Molesworth's this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling Estate. Richard, Lord Viscount Molesworth, and his Brothers, to make Leases, for Lives, or Years, determinable upon Lives, renewable for ever, of a Piece of Ground in the City of Dublin.

Cottonian Ordered, That Sir Thomas Robinson have Leave to Library, make a Motion, it being after Three of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly:

Ordered, That the(Report from the Committee, appointed to view the Cottonian Library, and such of the publick Records of this Kingdom, as they think proper, and to report to the House the Condition thereof, together with what they shall judge fit to be done, for the better Reception, Preservation, and more convenient Use, of the fame, with the Appendix to the said Report, and the Proceedings of the House thereupon, be printed; and that Mr. Speaker do appoint the printing thereof; and that no Person, but such, as he shall appoint, do presume to print the fame.

Space of One Year, and until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and for discovering their Efxates and Effects, and for preventing the transporting, or alienating the fame; and to oblige William Squire to surrender himself at a Time and Place, to be mentioned in the Bill, and to give Security for not going out of this Kingdom for the Space of one Year, and until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and for discovering his Estate and Effects, and for not transporting, or alienating, the fame, was committed.

Mr. Sandy s (acccording to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill was committed, the Amendment?, which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one, and upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to, and the rest were, with Amendments of and to lbmc of them, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for obliging the said William Burroughs to comply with the several Matters and Things, required of him by the Act.

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up.

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and

Mr. Burroughs:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Couatff^k-regulating the Trial of Persons, guilty of counterfeiting ingCoioii the Coin in that Part of Great Britain called and ScotUni

for explaining an Act, made there in the Year One thousand Six hundred and Seventy-two, intituled, "An Act " concerning the Regulation of the Judicatories, and to impower the Lords of the Justiciary to appoint the respective Times, on which Circuit Courts are to be " held to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act oreftm!i(( to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, of Tun-passed in the First Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for punching such Persons, as shall " wilfully and maliciously pulldown or destroyTurn-pikes, for repairing Highways; or Locks, or other " Works, erected by Authority of Parliament, for mak- ing Rivers navigable," with tome Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Y;*ni

cu*

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 12° die Maii;

Anno 5* Georgii IT1 Regis, 173a. Prayers.

Re (training S\RDERED, That Mr. Sandys do make the Report

Sir R. Sut- from the Committee of the whole House, to whom ton, &c. the Bill to restrain the Right honourable Sir Robert Sut-the Kingdom. ton' Knight of the Bath, Sir Archibald Grant, Baronet, Denis Bond, Wm. Burroughs, Esquires, Mr. George Jack-Jon, Mr. Benjamin Robinson, Richard Woolley, and Thomas Warren, from going out of this Kingdom for the

Ordered, That the Amendments, made by the Lords Dim. to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the First Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for " punching such Persons, as shall wilfully and maliciously pull down or destroy Turnpikes, for repairing High- ways; or Locks, or other Works, erected by Authority of Parliament, for making Rivers navigable," be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Coum*-for regulating the Trial of Persons, guilty of counterfeiting the Coin in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for explaining an Act, made there in the Year One thoulandSix hundred and Seventy-two, intituled, "An Act concerning the Regulation of the Judicatories, and

" to

PP

5 Geo. II. it® — 13° Mail. 9a

" to impower the Lords of the Judiciary to appoint the " respective Times on which Circuit Courts are to be " held," was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Vagrant A Petition of several of his Majesty's Justices of the Children. peaCCj Gf the City and Liberty of , and other

Inhabitants of the said City and Liberty* whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also,

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and other Inhabitants, of several Parishes of the Tower Hamlets, in the County of Middlesex; and also,

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and other Inhabitants, of the Parishes of St. in the , Sc.

Holborn, and St. George the , in the County of

Middlesex; and also,

A Petition of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and other principal Inhabitants, of the Borough of , in the County of Surrey, Subscribers thereunto, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the said Borough;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; complaining of the Mischief occasioned by vagrant Children, who infeft the Streets unapprehended, or, if apprehended, cannot, or will not, discover the Places of their Settlement, and, instead of being employed in Apprenticeships, or Services, according to Law, habituate themselves to an idle and profligate Course of Life, and become dangerous, as well as unprofitable, to the Publick, no proper Provision being made for defraying the Expence of putting the Laws, relating to such Vagrants, in Execution: And therefore praying the House to take the Premise' into Consideration, and to do therein as to the house shall seem meet.

And the Eighteenth and Nineteenth Sections of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of her Majesty Queen Anne, relating to the Commitment of Vagrants, as Appr dices, or Servants, to the Custody and Power of Mai!. rs an ' Mistresses, being read;

And Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer having acquainted the House, that his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petitions, had commanded him to acquaint the House, that his Majesty gives his Consent, that the House may do therein as they think fit;

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve it (elf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petitions.

aritable Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, rporatkm. that, as George Robinson and John , not having

rendered themselves, pursuant to an Act of this Session of Parliament, are by the said Act adjudged guilty of Felony, his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint the House, that his Majesty is willing, and does give Leave, that all Forfeitures, accruing to his Majesty thereby, be disposed of in such Manner as the Parliament shall think proper: Resolved,' nemine contraa, That an humble Ad-

dress be presented to his Majesty, to return his Majesty the most humble Thanks of this House for his Majesty's great Goodness in bestowing, in such Manner as the Parliament shall think proper, the Forfeitures accruing to his Majesty from George and John

being adjudged guilty of Felony; and to allure his Majesty, that this House will do what in them lies to dispose of the same io as to answer his Majesty's gracious and compassionate Intentions therein.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's me ft honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Relief of Vol. 21.

the Sufferers in the Charitable Corporation, for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, is committed, that they have Power to receive a Clause, to apply the Forfeitures of the Estates of George Robinson and John

The Order of the Day being read, for t,he House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, to enable the Charitable Corporation, for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, to name a Person to be one of the Assignees or the Estate and Effects of George Robinson, late Agent and Banker to the said Corporation; and a Person to be one of the Assignees of the Estate and Effects of John Thomson, late Warehouse-keeper to the said Corporation, under the respective Commissions of Bankruptcy, issued against the said George Robinson and John Thomson.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbat i, 130 dieMaii;

Anno 50 Georgii IP' Regis, 1732;

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill to restrain the Right honourable Redlining Sir Robert Sutton, Knight of the Bath, Six Archibald SirR.Sutton, Grant, Baronet, Denis Bond, William Burroughs, Esquires, &c. from Mr. George Jackson, Mr. Benjamin Robinson, Richard e

Woolley, and Thomas Warren, from going out of this 8 Kingdom for the Space of one Year, and until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and for discovering their Estates and Effects, and for preventing the transporting, or alienating, the fame, and to oblige William Squire to surrender himself at a Time and Place to be mentioned in the Bill, and to give Security for not going out of this Kingdom for the Space of orte Year, and until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and for discovering his Estate and Effects, and for not transporting, or alienating, the fame, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass;and that the Title be.

An Act to restrain Sir Robert Sutton, Knight of the Bath,

Sir Archibald Grant, Baronet, Denis Bond, Burroughs, Esquires, George Jackson, Benjamin Robinson,

Gentlemen, Richard Woolley, and Thomas Warren, from going out of this Kingdom for the Space of one Year, and until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and for discovering their Estates and Effects, and to prevent the transporting, or alienating, the fame; and to oblige William Squire to surrender himself at a Time and Place mentioned in the Act, and to give Security for his not going out of this Kingdom for the space of one Year, and until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and for discovering his Estate and Effects, and to prevent the transporting, and alienating, the fame; and for committing the aforesaid William Burroughs to the Prison of the Fleet, until he shall have complied with the Directions of this Act.

Ordered, That Mr. Sandys do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Relief of resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Sufferer* by the Bill for the Relief of the Sufferers in the Charitable £har*ta^!e Corporation, for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting ^or* lon* them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest;

And the Balance of an Account between John Thomson, late Warehouse-keeper to the said Corporation, and John

1 A Thomson,

92*

i3° — 150

A. 1732.

Thomson, of Edinburgh, his Father, stated 7th Oihber, the electing a Knight of the Shire, to serve in this present 1731, and entered in a Book of Accounts, belonging to Parliament for the County of ,in the room

r,\A *t-I- 1 /*.. *U, I--: ----- ----- J of the Right honourable Sir Robert Sutton, Knight of the

Bath, expelled this House.

the said John 7 born fen, the Son* being read;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, to oblige John Thomson, of Edinburgh, to appear, and be examined, before the Commissioners in the Commission of Bankruptcy, awarded against John Thomson, late Warehouse-keeper to the said Corporation, when he shall be thereto required.

Then the House resolved itfelfinto the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Rujbout took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Rujbout reported from the Committee, that

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Renefof resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Suffermbj consider further of the Bill for the Relief of the Sufferers Chaiit, hlf in the Charitable Corporation, for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with (mail Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest 5

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Rushout took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Rujbout reported from the Committee, that

Ukjt h,d made a Progress in the Bill; and haddirested theyhadgonethroughH,heBiU, and makefeveralAmend-him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again. . 'fe -

they may nave JDeave to lit again Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

ments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Luiice, i 50 Matt; Anno 5* Georgii 11" Regis, 1732. Prayers.

pikej,

Answer to Address.

Examining Drugs, &c.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and of Tsn-render more effectual, an Act, passed in the First Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for " punching such Peribnsas shall wilfully and maliciously " pull down or destroy Turnpikes, for repairing Highways,

_ , t T r 1. , "or Locks, or other Works, erected by Authority of

R. Comptroller reported to the House, that there parrtament, for making Rivers navigable," be taken Address of Fridaylaft, To return lus Majesty intQ Confideiution on Wednesday Morning next, the more humble Thanks of this House for his Majesty s great Goodness, in beftewing, in such Manner as the Parliament shall think proper, the Forfeitures accruing

to his Majesty from George Robinson and John. Thomson's

being adjudged guilty of Felony; and to aflfure his Majesty, that this House will do what in them lies to dispose of the same so as to answer his Majesty's gracious and compassionate Intentions therein; had been prefixed to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had received «< called and for the better securing the Peace

the same very graciously. " and Quiet of that Part of the Kingdom," with feme

m ' . Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire

Mr. Thomas Tower reported from the Committee, to the Concurrence of this House: And also, whom the Bill for reviving an Act, made in the Tenth The x^orcis do desire a present Conference with this Confer: Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the House, in the Painted Chamber, upon the Subject-matter First, intituled, "An Act for the better viewing, search- of the Bill, intituled, "An Act to restrain Sir Robert " ing> anc* examining, all Drugs, Medicines, V\ aters, Kni ght of the Bath, Sir Grant, Baronet,

CC ?llVs ^ompositions, u^e^[ or be ulec* for Medicines, Denis Bond* William Burroughs, Esquires, George Jackson, to.foa in all Places where the feme shall be exposed^ to Sale, Benjamin Robinson, Gentlemen, Richard Woolley, and

1. L~1L.1. D...n/ % rA 1. _ T J J . Kmart/*

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. John Bemet and Mr. Allen:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Di&nsi:; for continuing an Act of the Eleventh Year of his late the Hish- Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for more effectual disarming the Highlands in that Part of Great Britain

M or kept for that Purpose, within the City of London " and Suburbs thereof, or within Seven Miles Circuit " of the said City," was committed, and to whom the Petition of the Matter, Wardens, and Society, of the Art and Mystery of Apothecaries, of the City of London, was referred; that the Committee had heard the Petitioners, by their Counsel, according to the Prayer of their Petition; and that the Committee had examined the

Thomas Warren, from going out of this Kingdom for the Space of one Year, and until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and for discovering their Estates and Effects, and to prevent the transporting, or alienating, the fame; and to oblige William Squire to surrender himself at a Time and Place mentioned in the Act, and to give Security for his not going out of this Kingdom for the Space of one Year, and until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and for discovering his Estate

Nottingham

Writ.

Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to he true; ....

and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend- and Effects, and to prevent the transporting, or alienating, ments thereunto, which they had dreefted him to report the feme and for committing the aforesaid to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, to the Prison of the Fleet, until he shall have

and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, with the Directions of this Act.

'"nlj J TL I ,uc-A T? . n And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the (kid Report be taken into Con- That this Housedoth agree tomeet the Lords

sideration this Day Fortnight. at a prefen(- Conference, as their Lordships do desire.

_ , w , And the Messengers were called in again; and Mr.

Ordered, Hat Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Speaker acquainted Them, that the House had considered

ft I 'iftrlr /> t f Ua I f/V mn IT a Ani* \A/ *i f A _ _ — ___

the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Knight of the Shire, to serve in this prefix Parliament for the County of Nottingham, in the room of Scrope, Lord Viscount Howe, in the Kingdom of Ireland, who, since his Election for the said County,

hath accepted the Office of Governor of his Majesty s Klandof Barbadoes.

that Part of their Message, in which their Lordships desire a present - Conference with this House; and that this House doth agree to meet the Lords at a present Conference, as their Lordships do desire.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to manage the said Conference:

to.

And it is referred to Mr. Sandys, Sir John RitJhM, Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Mr. , Mr. Compton, Mr. Chancellor of the

the Clerk of the Crowp, to make out a new Writ, for Exchequer, Mr. Pulteney, Colonel Read, Mr. Gyhh,

16 Mr.

Dilarming the Highlands in Scotland*

5 Geo. II. 15* — 1

923

Mr. Lifer, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. , Mr. Earle., Sir

John Bruce, Mr. Forbes, Mr. Dodingion, Lord Archibald Hamilton, Mr. Walpole, Sir Richard Grosvenor, Mr. Cafar, Lord Gage.

And the Names of the Managers were called over: And they went to the Conference:

And being returned;

Mr. Sandys reported, that the Managers had met the Lords at the Conference, which was managed, on the Part of the Lords, by the Lord President; who acquainted them, that the Lords, having entered upon the Confide-jration of the Bill, intituled, An Act to restrain Sir Robert Sutton, Knight of the Bath, Sir Archibald , Baronet, Denis Bond, Wm. Burroughs, Esquires, George Jackson, Benjamin Robinson, Gentlemen, Rickard,

and Thomas Warren, from going out of this Kingdom for the Space of one Year, and until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and for discovering tj?eir Estates and Effects, and to prevent the transporting, or alienating, the fame; and to oblige William Squire to surrender himself at a Time and Place mentioned in the Act, and to give Security for his not going out of this Kingdom for the Space of one Year, and until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and for discovering his Estate and Effects, and to prevent the transporting, or alienating, the tame; and for committing the aforesaid William Burroughs to the Prison of the Fleet, until he shall have complied with the Directions of this Act, which they received from the Commons, and having read the said Bill the First: time, do observe, that the Matters of Fast luggefted therein, as the Ground and foundation, upofi which it seems to have proceeded in the House of Commons, not appearing sufficiently before the Lords, their Lord ships have desired this Conference, that they may have the Assistance of the Commons, in laying the State of the said Matters of Fast more fully before their Lordships.

And the Report was read.

Ordered, That the Committee who were appointed to manage the said Conference, be a Committee, to (late the Matters of Fast, on which the said Bill was grounded, in order to be delivered to the Lards at a Conference: And they, or any Five of them, are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Sir John Bruce have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Three of the Clock.

And he moved the Ht-use accordingly:

Ordered, That the Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing an Act of the Eleventh Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled,

" An Act for more effectual dilartning the Highlands in " that Part of Great Britain called , and for the

" better securing the Peace and Quiet of that Part of " the Kingdom," be taken into Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mr. Sandys repotted from the Committee appointed to state the Matters of Fast, on which the Bill, intituled, An Act to restrain Sir Robert Sutton, Knight of the Bath, Sir Archibald Grant, Baronet, Bond, William Bur-,

roughs, Esquires, George Jackson, Benjamin Gen-

tlemen, Richard Woolley, and Thomas Warren, from going out of this Kingdom for the Space of one Year, and until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and for discovering their Estates and Effects, and to prevent the transporting or alienating the fame; and to ob\\QtWilliam Squire to surrender himself at a Time and Place mentioned in the Act, and to give Security for his not going out of this Kingdom for the Space of one Year, and until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and for discovering his Estate and Effects, and to prevent the transporting or alienating the fame, and for committing the aforesaid William Burroughs to the Prison of the Fleet, until he shall have complied with the Directions of this Act, was grounded, in order to be delivered to the Lords at a Conference, the State of the said Matter# of Fast» which he read' in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as follows; viz.

Your Lordships having, at a Conference, desired the Assistance of the Commons, in laying more fully before your Lordships the State of the Matters of Fast, upon which the Bill, intituled, An Act to restrain Sir Robert Sutton, Knight of the Bath, Sir Archibald , Baronet, Denis Bond, William Burroughs, Esquires, George Jackson, Benjamin Robinson, Gentlemen, Richard Woolley, and Thomas Warren, from going out of this Kingdom for the Space of one Year, and until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and for discovering their Estates and Effects, and to prevent the transporting or alienating the fame; and to oblige William to surrender himself at a Time and Place mentioned in the Act, and to give Security for his not going out of this Kingdom for the Space of one Year, and until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and for discovering his Estate and Effects, and to prevent the transport-ingor alienating the feme; and for committing the aforesaid William Burroughs to the Prison of the Fleet, until he shall have complied with the Directions of this Act, was grounded;

The Commons have commanded us to acquaint your, Lordships, that the Matters of Fast, upon which the said Bill was grounded, appeared to them, upon the Inspection of the Charter, for incorporating of the Charitable Corporation, for Relief of iodustrious Poor, by assisting them with ftnall Sums uj>on Pledges, at legal Interest, the several Licences for enlarging their Capital, the several Applications to the Crown for obtaining the said Licences, the general Court Book, Court of Committee Book, Committee of Account Book, Cadi Books, Leidger Books, and other Account Books, of the said Corporation:

And the Commons have also commanded us further to acquaint your Lordships, that the said Bill was also grounded upon Evidence, given by,

Mart is, 16° die Mail;

Anno 50 Georgii II41 Regis, 1732.

Prayers.

Paper* to be f\RDERED, That the Clerk of this House do deliver

returned. back to the Charitable Corporation for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, their Charter of Incorporation, the several Licences for increasing their Capital, and all Books belonging to the said Corporation, now in his Custody.

A Witness to Ordered, That Jeremiah Caffiicr to the

bedischarged said Corporation, now in Custody of che Serjeant at Arms attending this House, be discharged out of Custody, without paying any Fees.

V'ol. 21.

Mr. John Harrison,

Mr. James Milne,

Mr. Jeremiah Wainvoright,

Mr. John Fenables,

Mr. John Torriano,

Mr. Thomas Jones,

Mr. Wm. Higgs,

Sir John Meres,

John Edwin, Esquire,

Francis Thomson,

James Thomson,

David Faikney,

David Avery:

Which, in the Opinion of the Commons, did fully make out the Allegations contained in the said Bill.

The feid State, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered\

Retraining SirR. Sutton, &c. from leaving the Kingdom.

9*4

16*

17'

Mali.

A. 1732.

Ordered, That the said State of the Matters of Fad be delivered to the Lords at a Conference.

Conference Resolved, That a Conference be desired with the Lords

upon the Subject-matter of the last Conference.

Ordered, That Sir John Barrington do go to the Lords, and desire the said Conference.

with the Lords.

Counterfeit* ing Coin in Scotland.

Confetence with the Lords — Restraining SirR. Sutton, &c. from leaving the Kingdom.

Charitable

Corporation.

Relief of Sufferers by Charitable Corporation.

Art ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for regulating the Trial of Persons guilty of counterfeiting the Coin in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for Ixplaining an Act, made there in the Year One thousand Six hundred and Seventy-two, intituled, "An Act concerning the regulating of the Judicatories,

" and to impower the Lords of the Judiciary to appoint " the respective Times, on which Circuit Courts are to '* be held," was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Sir John Barrington reported to the House, that he having (according to Order) been with the Lords, to desire a Conference, upon the Subject-matter of the lad Conference, the Lords do agree to a Conference, and appoint the same presently, in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Committee who managed the lad Conference, do manage this Conference.

Then their Names were called over, and they went to the Conference:

And being returned;

Mr. Sandysreported, that the Managers had been at

the Conference, and had delivered to the Lords the State of the Matters of Fad, on which the Bill, intituled, An Act to redrain Sir Robert Sutton, Knight of the Bath, Sir Archibald Grant, Baronet, Denis Bond, William Burroughs, Esquires, George Ja Benjamin Robinson, Gentlemen, Rickard Woolley, and Thomas Warren, from going out of the Kingdom for the Space of One Year, and until tlieendot the then next Session of Parliament, and for discovering their Estates and Effects, and to prevent the transporting, or alienating, the fame; and to oblige William Squire to surrender himselfat a Time and Place, mentioned in the Ad, and to give Security for his not going out of this Kingdom for the Space of one Year, and until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and for discovering his Edate and Effects, and to prevent the transporting, or alienating, the fame; and for committing the aforesaid William Burroughs to the Prison of the Fleet, until he shall have complied with the Directions of this Act, was grounded.

Mr. Sandys acquainted the House, that Sir Robert Sutton came to him this Morning, and told him, that he had received a Letter from a Correspondent of his at Paris, in which was inclosed a Letter from Signor a Banker at Rome, directed to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Proprietors of the Charitable Corporation, for Relief of indudrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal intered, assembled in their general Court, was referred, or, in case the said Committee did not fubfid, to Sir Robert Sutton, and others, acquainting them, that he, the said had

procured John Thomson, late Warehouse-keeper to the said Corporation, to be secured a Prisoner in the Cadle of St. Angelo at Rome.

Ordered, That the said Committee be revived: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir John Rushout (according to Order) reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Relief of the Sufferers in the Charitable Corporation, for Relief of indudrious Poor, by afiiding them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal intered, was

committed, the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Repoit be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. John Bennet, and Mr. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to prevent the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts, with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurit, 170 Maii;

Anno 50 Georgii lldI Regis, 173a. Prayers.

AP ETITIO N of Sir Alexander Murray, of Stanhop, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that on Friday, the 28th of April last, being the Day appointed for eleding a Knight of the Shire, to serve in Parliament for the County of Peebles, in room of the honourable Mr. John Douglas, deceased, Sir James Nasmith, of Pojfo, and the Petitioner, appeared as Can* dictates; when Alexander Murray, of Cringlety, the last elected Commissioner now living, pursuant to the Act of Parliament, made in that behalf, put the Question, for the Choice of a Praefes, and a Clerk; and, upon the Question so by him severally put, the honourable Mr. William Carmichael was duly elected Prsfes, and Alexander Shaw duly elected Clerk, by the Majority of legal Voters; but that Sir Alexander Murray, of Black -rory, Sheriff, appointed since the Date of the Writ, tho' retrained by his Commission from naming a Sheriff Clerk, and though there was another Sheriff Clerk then existing, and lawfully entitled to ad, appointed Wm. Veilch to be Sheriff Clerk, who, by Order of the said Sheriff, put the Question, for the Choice of a Praefes, and Clerk; and that the said Sheriff, and the fiud William Veilch, by his Direction, voted in the Election of Praefes, tho neither of them were inrolled in the Roll of Freeholders: That the Petitioner required the whole Meeting to qualify, by taking the Oaths appointed by Law; and tho' he, and his Friends, did accordingly qualify, the said Sheriff, and his Adherents, who appeared in the Interestof Sir James Nasmith, refused to qualify; and that the Roll of Electon was partially made up, by inserting the Names of Persons, not entitled to vote, and deleting the Names of such as had been duly inrolled, and had voted in former Elections: That tho* the Petitioner protested against this Proceeding, and was duly elected by a Majority of legal Voters, the said Sheriff has taken upon him to return the said Sir James Nasmith, as duly elected, to serve in this present Parliament for the said County of Peebles, in Violation of the Freedom of Elections, and the Righc of the Freeholders: And alleging, that the said Sir Nasmith is not only unduly elected, but that his Return is void, his Election not having been certified by the proper Clerk, nor the Election carried on under the Conduct of the Prsefes, lawfully elected, but contrary to the Voices of the Majority of habile Voters: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into their Confederation, and to afford the Petitioner such Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Mr.

Fraud! by Bankrupt

Pcebla

Elcttiwh

iranhop^l fella tc.

Vagrant

Children.

Prefer vation of Turns pikes, 4c.

5 Geo. II. tf

Mr. Wilmington.reported from the Committee, to

whom the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of certain Woods, Wood-lands, and other Linds, in th.e Counties of Bucks, , and

Part of the Estate of Sir William Stanhope, Knight of the Bath, and for settling other Lands in the County of Warwick, of greater yearly Value, to the same Uses, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found thg same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House} and that the Parties concerned had given their Consents to the fame, to the Satisfaction of the Committee: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; where the Amendments were read, and are as follow?;

Prels 7. L. 23. After " Pounds" insert " or upwatds." L. 28. Leave out " viz." and, in the same L;ne, leave out from " at" to the first " the" in Line 35, and, instead thereof, insert " high Rates, £.4,756. " Part thereof, at £-20. per Cent, and the Residue of the " fame, at f.13. per Cm.or thereabouts, and."

Prels 8. L. 6. Leave out " Sums of £.4,750. and " f. 2,250." and, instead thereot, inlert " Sums of " f. 7,000. or upwards."

Prels 12. Line 33. Fill the Blank with " John." Prels 16. L. 9, 10. Leave out . " of £. 7,000".

In the Title of the Act,

L. 1. After " certain" insert " iManors."

L, a. After " Lands" insert " and Hereditaments." 1-. 7. After " Uses" insert " anu for other Purposes " therein mentioned."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Orders of thg Day being read j

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Three Weeks, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of several of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, of the City and liberty of Westminster, and other Inhabitants of the said City and

Liberty, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, and 1 so, of the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and other Inhabitants, of several Parishes of the Tozver Hamlets, in the County of Middlesex, and also of the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and other Inhabitants, of the Parishes of St. Giles in the , St. Andrew's Holborn, and St. George the Martyr, in the County of Middlesex, and also of the Petition of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and other principal Inhabitants, of the Borough of Southwark, in the County of , Subscribers thereynto, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the said Borough.

The House took into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the First Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for punishing such Persons, as shall wilfully and maliciously pull down or destroy Turnpikes, for " repairing Highways; or Locks, or other Works, " erected by Authority of Parliament, for making f* Rivers navigable.

And the said Amendments were read, and are as follows; viz.

Press 2. L. 22. Leave out from Clergy" to " and, " in the 3d Line of the 8th Press; and in the 25th Line of the same Press, after ‘‘Parliament" add Clause, marked A; via.

A. " And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, " that, if the Commissioners and Trustees, appointed or ‘‘ to be appointed to put any Act of Parliament, made or

Vet. 21.

Maii. 925

" to be made; for the Repair of any Highway, or Highways, in Execution, shall abuse or exceed their Power " by ereCfcing, or causing to be erected, or continuing,

" or causing to be continued, any Gate or Gates, Turn-" pike or Turnpikes, where they have not any Power " by virtue of any Act of Parliament, to erect such Gate " or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, it shall and may be " lawful to and for the Justices of the Peace of the County, where any such Gate or Gates, Turnpike or " Turnpikes, is, are, or shall be, erected, or continued;

" iy their General Quarter Sessions assembled, upon Complaint of any such Abuse or Excess of Power in such " Commissioners and Trustees, in a summary Way to uhear and determine the feme, and thereupon to order " the Sheriff of the County, who is hereby authorized " and required to execute such Order, to remove any " such Gate or Gates, Turnpike Or Tumpires."

The laid Amendinents, being severally read a Second time, and Clause A, the Third time, were, Upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Holland do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments, made by their Lordships.

The House took into Consideration the Amendments, Distninng made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for cpri- i/scod.fid tinning an A&, of the Eleventh Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for more effectual diferming " the Highlands in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for the better lecyring the Peace and Quiet

" of that Fart of the Kingdom.'

And the Amendments were read, and are as follows; viz,

Press I. L.V Leave out " by," and insert the several " Clauses, Provisions, Penalties, and Powers, for disarming the Highlands in that Part of " called Scotland, contained in."

L. 7. Leave out from '* Kingdom" to " were," in the 24th Line.

L. 29. Leave out " Benefit and Utility of " the," and insert " feidf."

L. 31. Leave out from " contained" to " Be," in the First Line of the 2d Press, and insert " have by " Experience been fournj ufet'ul and beneficial."

Press 1. L. f. After " it" insert ,c therefore."

L. 11. Leave but "recited."

L. 18. Leave out " Nine," and insert " Five;" and, in the same Line, leave out " more."

L. 20. Leave put from " longer" to the End of the Bill, and add Clauses, A, and B.

[Clause] A. " Provided always, and be it enacted by the " Authority aforesaid, that no Sentence, to be given by " two or more Justices of the Peace, for delivering over " any Person or Persons, who shall be convicted in pursuance of the Act above-mentioned, and this present Act, to serve as Soldiers in his Majesty's Dominions " beyond the Seas, shall be put in Execution within less than Thirty Days, after such Sentence is pronounced;

" and that all and every such Person, so convicted, as , " aforesaid, may apply, by way of Suspension, or Appeal*

" to any Court of Justiciary in that Part of Great Britain "called Scotland, or to the Judges at the Circuits}

" which Courts shall, without Delay, proceed and determine thereupon."

Clause B. " And be it further enacted by the Authority " aforesaid, that, from and after the Four-and-twentieth " Day of June, in the Year of our Lord One thousand " Seven hundred and Thirty-three, no Gentleman, or " Heretor, possessing Fifteen Pounds Sterling a Year " within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall,

" on any Pretence whatsoever, wear, or put on, the Cloaths, commonly called HighlandCloaths, that is to " fey, shall wear, or put on, the belted Plaid, Trowsers,

" Shoulder Belt, Bonnet, or any Part whatsoever of \^>at " belongs to the Highland Garb; and if any such Per-

11 B " fe)H

926

17 — 18* Mail.

A. 1732.

Ton shall presume, after the said Fout-and-twemieth the fame; and for committing the aforesaid " Day of June, to wear, or put on, the aforesaid Gar- roughs to the Prison of the Fleet, until he shall have " meats, or any Part of them, every such Person so complied with the Directions of this Act: And also,

" offending, being convicted thereof, by the Oath of One Their Lordships do desire, that ia Lord, dr£rr

" or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, *,uWk"t " Court of Justiciary, or any Two Justices of the Peace may be from time to time produced before the House of for the Shire, or Stewartry, where such Offence shall Lords, when desired, in order to be examined as a Wit- then.

" be committed, shall suffer Imprisonment, without Bail, ness upon the afore-mentioned Bill.

during the Space of Six Months, and no longer." And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being moved, that the Act, passed in the , That this House will fend an Answer tothat

Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Part of the said Message, which relates to William Aijlabie,

George the First, Cap. 26. For more effectual dilarming Esquire, a Member of this House, by Messengers of the Highlands in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland their own.

and for the better securing the Peace and Quiet of that Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this Part of the Kingdom, might be read; House, or his Deputy, do attend the Lords with the

The same was read accordingly. said Thomas Warren in his Custody, in such Manner,

And the said Amendments, as far as Clause B, being as is desired by their Lordships.

Severally read a Second time, and Clause A, the Third And the Messengers were again called in; and Mr. time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, Speaker acquainted them, that the House had considered agreed unto by the House. their Message, and had resolved to fend an Answer to

Clause B, being read a Second time; that Part thereof, which relates to William A'tjlabit,

The Amendments following were severally proposed Esquire, a Member of this House, by Messengers of their to be made therein; viz. own; and had ordered, that the Serjeant at Arms at*

After " Heretor" to insert these Words, " other than tending this House, or his Deputy, do attend the Lards,

" such as shall be employed as Officers, and Soldiers, in with the said Thomas Warren in his Custody, in such

his Majesty's Forces To leave out the Word " Bonnet After " Garb" to insert these Words, " other than and except the Bonnet

After " them" to insert these Words, " other than and except the Bonnet."

Manner, as is desired by their Lordships.

Chiritible

Corpora*.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Relief rf whole Hoyfe, to whom the Bill for the Relief of the Sufttmbj Sufferers in the Charitable Corporation, for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums, upon And the said Amendments were, upon the Question Pledges, at legal Interest, was committed, be taken into severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House. Consideration Tomorrow, at Eleven of the Clock.

The said Clause being read the Third time;

And the Question being put. That the House doth Ordered, That Mr. Gybbon have Leave to make a FtMkty agree with the Lords in the said Amendment, so amended j Motion, it being after Four of the Clock.

Biabufk.

Conference with the Lordi.

The House divided:

The Yeas go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas,} *9-

Tellers for the Noes, [ur.un&} 3*

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to draw up Reasons, to be offered to the Lords at a Conference, for disagreeing with their Lordships in the said Amendment:

And it is referred to Sir J Hind Mr. Sandys,

General Wade, Sir Robert , Mr. Campbell, Mr. Douglas, Mr. Gybbon, Sir James Sir Wilfrid

Laivfon, Sir Geo. Mackenfey, Lord Morpeth, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Doddington, Mr. Forbes, Mr. Winning ton,

Mr. Orlebar, Captain Vernon, Mr. Plummer, Mr. Phillips,

Mr. Lewis, Mr. Stewart, Sir Tho. Robinson: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

And he moved the House accordingly:

Ordered, That the Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act to prevent the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts, be taken into Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 18° die Maii;

Anno 5* Georgii IN' Regis, 1732.

Prayers.

D ESO L VE D, That William Aijlabie, Esquire, a Lem pm *' Member of this House, have Leave to attend the kfiMant* Lords, in order to be examined as a Witness upon the

Lords desire Leave for a Member to attend them.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Kynaston and Mr. Thomas Bennet:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords do desire, that William Aijlabie, Esquire, a Member of this House, may have Leave to attend the House of Lords in order to be examined as a Witness

Bill, mentioned in their Lordships Message of Yesterday, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to acquaint them, that this House has given Leave to William Aijlabie, Esquire, a Member of this House, to attend their Lordships, in order to be examined as a Witness upon the Bill, mentioned in their Lordships Message of Yesterday, if he thinks fit.

House ,°t Lords m or?4\t0 oe examined as a w it nets Ordered, That Sir Thomas Saunderson do cany the said

upon the Bill, intituled, An Act to restrain Sir Robert lUeflW

Sutton, Knight of the Bath, Sir Archibald Grant, Baronet, ° ‘

Denis Bond, William Burroughs, Esquires, George Jackson, An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act St»Wt<

Benjamin Robinson, Gentlemen, Richard Woolley, and for Sale of certain Woods, Wood-lands, and other Lands, Thomas Warren, from going out of the Kingdom for the in the Counties of Bucks, Hertford, and Bedford, Part of Space of one Year, and until the End of the then next the Estate of Sir William Stanhope, Knight of the Bath, Session of Parliament, and for discovering their Estates and for settling other Lands in ihe County of Warwick, and Effects, and to prevent the transponing, or alienat- of greater Yearly Value, to the same Uses, was read the ing, the fame; and to oblige William Squire to surrender Third time.

himself at a Time and Place, mentioned in the Act, and Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do to give Security for his not going out of this Kingdom pass. r

for the Space of one Year, and until the End of the then Ordered, That Mr. Winning!on do carry the Bill to the next Session of Parliament, and for discovering his Estate Lords, and acquaint themj that this House bath agreed , arid E(lefts, and to prevent the transporting, or alienating, to the fame, with feme Amendments; to which Amend*

npents

rsm

Rdd

flirt

Clai

c«i

5 Geo. II. i8° — 19* Matt. 927

ments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lord ships.

Chailiable Mr. Sandys acquainted the House, that he was directed Corporation, by the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Proprietors of the Charitable Corporation, for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums upon Pledges, at legal Interest, assembled ip their general Court, is referred, to desire the Direction of the House, . concerning several Bonds, Notes, and Papers, which did belong to John Thomson, late Warehouse-keeper of the said Corporation, and were delivered to the said Committee by Thomas Lease and Mr. William Pat erf on, and are now in the Custody of the Clerk attending the said Committee, and concerning the several Account Books and Papers, which did belong also to the said John Thomson, and are now likewise in the Custody of the said Clerk.

Ordered, That the said Notes, Bonds, Papers, Account

Books, and Papers, be forthwith delivered by the said Clerk to the Assignees under the Commission of Bank-‘ ruptcy, awarded against the said John , by a

Schedule, and for which they are to give a Receipt.

The Orders of the Day being read;

- Relief of The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Sufferer* by Report from the Committee of the whole House, to Co?SL». whom the Bill for the Relief of the Sufferers in the Charitable Corporation, for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums upon Pledges, at legal Interest, was committed.

And the same was read.

And several of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, were read a Second time, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, l'ome of them were . disagreed to, and others of them, with Amendments of

and to some of them, were agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said ». Report be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

Counterfeit- Refo/ved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, ing Coin in jefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Scotian . ingrossfed Bin froni the Lords, intituled, An Act for regulating the Trial of Persons guilty of counterfeiting the Coin in that Part of Great Britain called and for explaining an Act, made there in the Year 1672, " intituled, "An Act concerning the Regulation of the

" Judicatories, and to impower the Lords of the Justiciary to appoint the respective Times on which Circuit " Courts are to be held."

pound with Thomas Tomkytts, Cashier to the late Commissioners for licensing Hawkers, Pedlars, and petty Chap- men, for an Arrear he (lands charged with to the Crown, without any Amendment: And also*

The Lords do desire, that this House will give Leave, kwdadefii* that James Cornewall, Esquire, a Member of this House, M^.ebe°rt*

may attend the House of Lords, in order to be examined attend them, as a Witness upon the Bill, intituled, An Act to restrain Sir Robert Sutton, Knight of the Bath, Sir Archibald Grant, Baronet, Denis Bond, William Burroughs, Esquires,

George Jackson, Benjamin Robinson, Gentlemen, Richard Woolley, and Thomas Warren, from going out of this Kingdom for the Space of one Year, and until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and for difqover-ing their Estates and Effects, and to prevent the transporting, or alienating the same j and to oblige William Squire to surrender himself at a Time and Place, mentioned in the Act, and to give Security for his not going out of this Kingdom for the Space of one Year, and until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and for discovering his Estate and Effects, and to prevent the traasporting, or alienating, the fame, and for committing the aforesaid William Burroughs to the Prison of the Fleet, until he shall have complied with the Directions of this Act.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will fend an Answer to that Part of the said Message, which relates to James wall, Esquire, a Member of this. House* by Messengers of their own.

And the Messengers were again called in, and Mr.

Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into fraud* by Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords to Bankrupts, the Bill, intituled, An Act to prevent tht committing of Frauds by Bankrupts, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House took into Consideration the said Amendments.

And the said Amendments were read j and are as

follows; viz.

Press 2. L. 10. After " assembled" insert " and by " Authority of the same."

Press 4. L. 11, and 12. Leave out u removing, concealing, or embezzling," and insert " case he, she, or " they, shall remove, conceal, or embezzle."

Press 5. L. 23. Leave out " Fourteen*" and insert " Six."

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 190 Mail j

s y

Anno 3* Georgii lldl Regis, 1732. Prayers.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Thurston and Mr. Allen:

Mr. Speaker,

East India The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Trade. for reviving an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, "An Act for the " better securing the lawful Trade of his Majesty's Subjects to and from the East Indies, and for the more " effectual preventing all his Majesty's Subjects trading " thither under foreign Commissions," without any Amendment: And also,

Greenland The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Fishery. to encourage the Greenland Fishery, without any Amendment: And also,

Tomkyns* The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Debt to the to enable the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or Crcwn. the Lore] High Treasurer, for the Time being, tocom-Vor.. 21.

Press 6. L. 1. After M Commission" insert " or not " before delivered up to the Commissioners* or the major " Part of them."

Press 7. L. 27. After " him" insert " and made it " appear, it was signed."

L. 35. Leave out from " Suit" to pro* " vided," in the 9th Line of the 9th Press.

Press 20. L. 3. Before " Warrant" insert Form of " the."

Press 30. L. 30. Before " made" insert already j" and in that, and the 31st and 3id Line, leave out " since " the Fourteenth Day of May, One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-nine."

Press 36. L. 40. Leave out from " large" to " and, " in the 40th Line of the 37th Press.

Press 39. L. 6. Leave out from Purpose"to *and," in the 7th Line of the 40th Press.

Prest 41. L. 13. Leave out from that" to " And " whereas," in the 24th Line of the 4*d Press, and, instead thereof, insert " upon the Petition of any Person or " Persons to the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or " Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of " Great Britain, praying, that such Commissions, and " the Depositions taken thereon, or any Part of such " Depositions, and such- Certificates^ (b to be allowed and " confirmed, as aforesaid, or any Certificates, heretofore f* allowed and confirmed, or *a other Matters or

f " Things,

928

19

Mali.

A. 173

Pnndt by " Things, relating to the said Commissions, or the Pro-BaolMpts " ceedings thereupon, may be entered of Record, the " Lord High Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Commissioners " of the great Seal, shall and may direct and order such u CommisfioriS, Depositions, Proceedings, and Certificates, or other Matters or Things, to be entered of " Record; and, in case of the Death of the Witnesses,

' " proving such Bankruptcy, or in case the said Com-

" millions, Depositions, Proceedings, or other Matters .* or Things, shall be loft, of mislaid, a true Copy of " the Record of such Commissions, Depositions, and Proceedings, or othCr Matters or Things, signed and " attested, as herein after is mentioned, shall and may " upon all Occasions be given in Evidence, to prove such CommissiOh's, and the Bankruptcy of such Per- . " son,» against whom such Commission hath been, or shall be, awarded, Or other Matters or Things; any Law, UJage, or CustOm, to the contrary notwith-. " (landing: And all Certificates, which have been allowed and confirmed, or to be allowed and confirmed,

" and entered of Record, as aforesaid, or a true Copy " of every Certificate, signed and attested, as herein " after is mentioned, shall and may be given in Evidence in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, and be,

" without any further Proof, deemed, adjudged, and taken, to be a full artd effectual Bar and Discharge . - " of and against any Action or Suit, which shall be " commenced ot brought by any Creditor or Creditors of-such Bankrupt, for any Debt or Demand, cotitraded, due, or demandable, before the ilfuing of " such Commission, unless any Creditor or Creditors of " the Person, that hath such Certificate, shall prove, that " such Certificate was fraudulently obtained; in which " same Qofts shall be allowed to cither Party, as in other common Cafes. And, to the End any Creditor, or " other Person or Persons, may know where to search, 44 and lee, whether such Commission hath issued, and " find, what Depositions have been taken by virtue 4‘thereof, and what Proceedings have been thereupon, " and, whether the said Bankrupt hath made such Affi- davit, or Affirmation, as aforesaid, and, whether such " Certificates are entered of Record, as aforesaid, and " all other Matters or Things, which shall be entered of Record in pursuance of this Act, the Lord High " Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Commissioners for the Custody of the great Seal, shall appoint a certain " proper Place near the Inns of Court, where all and " every the Matters aforesaid shall be entered of Record, " where all Persons shall be at Liberty to search, and fee, if the same are duly entered of Record; and the " Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Commissioners, 44 shall, by a Writing under his or their Hands, appoint . ‘ a proper Person, who shall, by himself, or hissufficient " Deputy, to be approved by the Lord High Chancellor, " Lord Keeper, or Commissioners, by a Writing under " his or their Hands, enter of Record such Commissions, " Depositions, Proceedings, and Certificates, and other " Matters and Things, and have the Custody of the Entries thereof, and also appoint such Fee and.lleward to be paid to such Person, for his Labour and " Pains therein, as the Lord High Chancellor, Lord " keeper, or Commissioners, shall think reasonable, not " exceeding what is ul'ually paid in the like Cafes; and that the Person, so to be appointed, and his Deputy, 44 shall continue to enter of Record all and every the " Matters and Things aforesaid, and to have the Custody c " of the fame, so long as he or they shall respectively . " behave themselves well in entering the same of Ueconl,

" and peeping such Entries, and shall not be removed, " but by' Order in Writing under the Hand of the Lord High Chancellor, Ix>rd Keeper, or Commissioners, on . " a good and sufficient Cause therein specified; and, in " case such Person shall die, or be, as aforesaid, removed, 44 the Lord High Chancellor,. Lord Keeper, or Cotnmifsioners, for the Time being, shall and may, in W r iting,

under his or their Hands, appoint another Person, to

it

it

it

U

" enter the same of Record; who shall have die Custody " of the Entries thereof, and shall have and receive " the like Fee and Reward, for his Labour and Pains therein."

Press 43. L. 5. Leave out from the Word " Meeting" to "every'," in the rath Line of the same Press.

Prdfs 44. Line 34, 35. Leave out " if required by the " Assignees of the said Bankrupt's Estate."

Press 45. L. 3. After " more" insert Clause A: which is as follows; viz.

44 And whereas several Bankrupts have, either through Inadvertency, or the Intricacy and Multiplicity of their Affairs, failed toobtain, within the Time limited, Certificates, allowed, as directed by a Clause in an A&, passed: in the Third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, amongst other Things, for Relief of Bankrupts, whole Certificates were not allowed before the Expiration bf a late Act, for the berter preventing Frauds committed by Bankrupts, now expired, notwithstanding the y'have discovered all their Estate and Effects, and delivered the same up, for the Benefit of their Creditors, and been conformable unto rise said Act in other Particulars; be it therefore further en-acted by the Authority aforesaid, that all and every Bankrupt and Bankrupts, who was or were declared a Bankrupt or Bankrupts on or before the 14th Diy of May 1729, and have discovered all their Estate " and Effects, and have delivered up the same for the 14 Benefit of their Creditors, shall be entitled to all and 14 Angular the Relief, Benefit, and Advantages, and be 14 subject and liable to all the Penalties, mentioned or " contained in the Act of Parliament, passed in the Fifth " Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the better preventing " Frauds committed by Bankrupts, if they already have " obtained, or shall hereafter, at any time before the " 25th Day of March 1733, obtain Certificates of their " Conformity, pursuant to the said Act; and such Certificates shall be allowed and confirmed, as the said " Act directs; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. And whereas Actions may " have been brought against such Bankrupts, and other " Proceedings had thereon, for Caafes and Matters,

" arising and growing due before the Time of the Bankruptcy of such Bankrupts; be it further enacted by " the Authority aforesaid, that all such Actions, and all " Proceedings thereon, for any such Causes or Matters,

" shall be, and are hereby, discharged against such Bankruts, and their Bail, ib obtaining such Certificates,

44 allowed as aforesaid."

L. 6. Leave out " Seven," and, instead thereof, insert " Three."

The First Ten of the said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severallyput thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Eleventh Amendment, in Press 41. L. 13. which relates to the Inrolment of Proceedings upon Commifi fions of Bankrupt, and the Appointment of an Office, and Officer, for the Inrolment of such Proceedings, being read a Second time;

The Journal of the House 8" and 9* lielmi et Maria, relating to the Amendments made by the Lords to a Bill then depending, to enable their Majesties to make Grants, Leases, and Copies of Offices. Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of their Duchy of

Cornewall, was read.

And a Motion was made, and the Question being pot,

That the House cloth agree with the Lords in the said Amendment, Press 41. L. 13.

It passed in the Negative-

The rest of the said Amendments, being feveratly read a Second time, and Clause A, the Third time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to draw up Co-kw Reasons, to be offered to the Lords at a Conference, for

disagreeing

with the Lord*.

IflTI

fcra]

K>4tl

Lrci

Hr

Cfi

929

5 Geo. II. 198 — 22°

disagreeing with their Lordships in the said Amend- Mr. Speaker,

ment: The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by Stanhope'*

And it is referred to Mr. Gy b bon, Mr. Wyndliam, this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of cer- ®^are* Mr. Sandys, Sir John Rufhout, Mr. Lawson, Mr. tain Woods, Wood-lands, and other Lands, in the Coun-

Compton, Mr. Lijler, Lord Gage, Mr. Alderman Bar- ties of Bucks, Hertford, and Part of the Estate ttard, Mr. Alderman Perry, Sir Edmund Bacon, Mr. of Sir William Stanhope, Knight of the Bath, and for set-Burton, Mr. Grlebar, Mr. More, Sir James Lowther, tling other Lands in the County of of greater

Sir WilfridLawf n, Mr. Fane, Mr. Robert Hacks, yearly Value, to the same Uses.

Sir Wm.Yonge, Mr. Winning!on, Mr. Palmer, Mr. And then the Messengers withdrew.

Campbell, Mr. Crojfe, Mr. Harr if on, Mr. Selwyn,

Mr. Seymour, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Digby, Mr. Cholmon- Sir John Hind Cotton reported from the Committee, to Disarming deley, % Mr. Winford, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Bacon, Sir whom it was referred to draw up Reasons, to be offered the High-Rogcr Meredith, Mr. Longueville, Mr. Tuffnell: And to the Lords at a Conference, for disagreeing to the last they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in Amendment, made by their Lordships to the Bill, in-in the Speaker's Chamber. tituled, An Act for continuing an Act, of the Eleventh

Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act L*a*e given Refohcd, That James Comew all, Esquire, a Member of " for more effectual disarming the Highlands in that Part this House, have Leave to attend the Lords, in order " of Great Britain called Scotland, and for the better fe-Lord*. to be examined as a Witness upon the Bill, mentioned " curing the Peace and Quiet of that part of the King-in their Lordships Message of this Day, if he thinks " domthat they had drawn up Reasons accordingly, fit. which they had directed him to report to the House:

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to acquaint them, that this Houfj has given Leave to James Comewall, Esquire, a Member of this House, to atcend their Lordships, in order to be examined as a Witness upon the Bill, mentioned in their Lordships Message of this Day, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Nicoll do carry the said Message.

Ordered, That Mr. Clayton have Leave to make a Motion, it being pad Three of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly:

And an ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Conduits, Springs, and Waters, in Hyde Park, in Trustees, for the Benefit of his Majesty, was read the Third time.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Clayton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with an Amendment ;to which Amendment this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Counterfeiting Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-Scotland *nS nc"r» resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from, the Lords, intituled, An Act for regulating the Trial of Persons, guilty of counterfeiting the Coin in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for explaining an Act, made there in the Year One thousand Six hundred and Seventy-two, intituled, "An Act concerning the Regulation of the Judicatories, and to impower the Lords of the " Judiciary to appoint the respective Times, on which Circuit Courts are to be held."

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Lunce, 220 Maii;

Anno 5* Georgii IId* Regis, 173a. Prayers.

Aberdeen /JRDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant Writ. L/ to tj,e Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Commissioner, to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Aberdeen, in the room of Sir Archibald Grant, Baronet, expelled this House.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. John Bennet and

Mr. Lighthoun:

Vo 1.21.

And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table j where the Reasons were read, and are as follows; viz.

To all the Amendments, made by your Lordships to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing an Act, of the Eleventh Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled,

" An Act for more effectual disarming the Highlands " in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for " the better securing the Peace and Quiet of that Part "of the Kingdom," except the last, the Commons do agree.

To the last Amendment, made by your Lordships, being Clause B, the Commons disagree;

ift, Because the Clause makes an xmreasonabie Distinction between the different Parts of the united Kingdom, by making it penal to wear in one Part of it that Dress, that may lawfully be Worn in the other:

2dly, Because it seems more unreasonable, in the same Parish, to leave it lawful for one Part of the Inhabitants to wear what Dress they please, whilst the other, and the most considerable, Part, are subject to Penalties, if they make use of the same Habit; so that a Distinction of Ten Shillings Rent may make a Man subject to, or free from,

Penalties:

3dly, Because it seems of dangerous Consequence to subject any Person to be imprisoned for Six Months, upon the occasional wearing, or putting on, any Part of the Higland Garb, even in his own House, on the Oath of One Witness only:

4-thly, Because the Dress prohibited is extremely well suited to the Circumstance of the mountainous Country, in which it is now wore, serving for a Covering by Night, whilst at the same time it is very light, and easily carried, by Day:

5thly, Because, whilst the Bill itself, by disarming the Highlanders, distinguishes them from others his Majesty's Subjects, it does not seem proper to give them any Disgust, by depriving them of that Dress, which, in their Circumstances, appears highly convenient, if not absolutely necessary, for them:

6thly, Because the changing of the Dress must occasion an Expence, which will be burdensome to Persons of so finall Fortunes, as those described in the Clause, and probably an Introduction to Luxury:

7thly, Because discharging the Use of Bonnets will be injurious to several Incorporations of Bonnet-makers, lawfully constituted within divers royal Boroughs in that Part of the Kingdom called Scotland.

The said Reasons, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That a Conference be desired with the Lords Conference upon the Subject-matter of the Amendments, made by with the their Lordships to the said Bill. Lord*.

Ordered, That Sir Edmund Bacon, of Gillingham, do go to the Lords, and desire the said Conference.

n C Mr.

930

22® Mali.

A. 1732.

Charitable Mr. Sandys reported from the Committee, to whom the

Corporation. Petition of the Proprietors of the Charitable Corporation, for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums, upon Pledges at legal Interest, assembled in their general Court, is referred; that the Committee had agreed upon a further Report, which they had directed him to make: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; where the same was read, and is as follows; viz.

Your Committee being informed, that Sir Robert Sutton had received a Letter from Mr. Robert Arbut knot, a Banker in Paris, in which was inclosed a Letter from Mr. John Angelo Belloni,a Banker at Rome, directed to your Committee, or, in case they did not subsist, then to Sir Robert Sutton, Sir John Walter

Esquire, Doctor John Mowbray, or any of them, they ordered the said Sir Robert Sutton to attend them with the said Letter;which he accordingly did; and hedelivered to your Committee a Letter, dated, Paris, May aid x 732, from the said Mr. Robert Arbuthnot, to his Brother, Doctor John Arbuthnot, acquainting him, that he had procured John Thomson to be arrested, pursuant to a Request, long lincemade to him by SwRobertSutton, and likewise another Letter of the same Date, from the said, Mr. Arbuthnot to the said Sir Robert Sutton, acquainting him, that his Correspondent at Rome, Mr. John Angelo Belloni, had got John Thomson arrested, and made Prisoner in the Castle St. Angelo, and had engaged him to make a full Difeo-very of all his Effects, and to give a full Account of his Behaviour: That Mr. Belloni had sent to him the Information, and a Memorandum, with Papers, and

his Orders to his Friends, to deliver up his Effects; but at the same time he had promised Thomson, that the said Papers should remain as a Deposit in the said Mr. not's Hands, and not be given up, till the Conditions in the said Memorandum should be agreed to, and absolutely secured; upon which he, the said Mr. Arbuthnot, should fend large Discoveries of great Sums, with Orders to Thomson's Correspondents to make them effectual; but, if these are not complied with, he is to return the said Papers back to Mr. Belloni. The Conditions are as follows; viz.

Memorandum, which I humbly beg may be stipulated, and made the Conditions for delivering up the Books and Papers.

lft, That my Sureties may have their Bonds up, in all for X-S*oooo.

2d, That Launcelot Ord, Esquire, who (old me a small Estate, the Value of £.1,300. after paying a Mortgage upon it, in Consideration of an Annuity I was to pay him, for his Life, be allowed to take quiet Possession of his Estate again, as I am not in a Capacity to pay him his Annuity. I left his Papers with a Friend of his, for that Purpose.

jd, My Father having taken a Bond, in my Name, from Mr. Blackwood, though the Money was his own, I desire, upon his giving Proof of that, that he may be allowed to receive it upon a Power of Attorney, 1 lent him for that Purpose, and that they will not put him to Trouble, because it happens to be in my Name.

4th, There is somewhere a Bond of my Brother Samuel's; I desire, it may be delivered up, because he is not in a Capacity to pay it.

5th, I desire, that those, that have had my Books and Papers in keeping, may have no Trouble, upon their surrendering them, in case the Act, that passes, any Penalty is annexed to that.

6th, I desire, I may be enabled to pay about £. 2,700. private Debts I owe to number of People.

7th, What is thought proper for myself, I submit it; and I only observe, that I have at present discovered, of my own private Effects, which will appear, upon catling up the Accounts, the Sum of £. 26,000. and my Books and Papers will discover a much larger Sum.

J. Thomson.

Your Committee have no Reason to doubt, but the said Memorandum is written by Thomson.

The Letter, wrote by Signor Belloni to your Committee, agrees with that, wrote by Mr. Arbuthnot to Sir Robert Sutton, concerning Thom fan's Proposals.

The said Letters from Mr. Arbuthnot are not signed; but Sir Robert Sutton said, he received them on Monday last from Doctor John Arbuthnot, to whom one of them was directed.

Doctor John Arbuthnot said, that he received a Letter from his Brother, Mr. Robert Arbuthnot, on Monday last, dated at Paris, in which was inclosed a Letter from his said Brother, directed to Sir Robert Sutton, and another Letter, not sealed, from Signor Angelo Belloni, directed to your Committee; which Letters he gave to Sir Sutton the same Night, and were the fame, shewed to him by your Committee.

Ordered, That the said Committee do lay before this House, the several Letters, and also the Paper of Proposals, signed " J. Thomson," which are mentioned in the said Report, and likewise a Letter, delivered this Morning to the said Committee by Mr. David Avery.

And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker's Chamber.

And their Names were called over, and they withdrew accordingly.

Mr. Sandys, from the said Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, presented the several Letters, and also the Paper of Proposals, signed " ," which

are mentioned in the said Report, and likewise the Letter, delivered this Morning to the said Committee; together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read, and is as follows; viz.

A Letter to Doctor Arbuthnot from his Brother at Paris', and also,

A Letter from the same Person to Sir Robert Sutton-, and also,

A Letter from Signor John Angelo Belloni at Rom:, directed to the said Committee, of, if they did not subsist, to Sir Robert Sutton, Sir John Mr.

Molesworth, Doctor John Mowbray, or any One of them; and also,

A Paper of Proposals, signed " J. and

also,

The Letter, delivered this Morning to the said Committee by David Avery.

Ordered, That it be referred to a Committee to translate the said Letter from Signor John Angelo Belloni, and to report the Translation thereof to the House:

And it is referred to the Lord Sir Paul

Methuen, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Hedges, Mr.

Edgecumbe, Sir Wm.Wyndham, Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Plum-

mer, Lord Morpeth, Mr. Fox, Mr Secretary at War,

Sir Thomas Robinson, Mr Winnington, Mr. Doddington,

Lord Limerick, Colonel Bladen; or any Five of them:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Sufcrmby Bill for the Relief of the Sufferers in the Charitable Cor- Chari&hfc poration, for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them CwP*""fc with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, was committed, be further adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, at Eleven of the Clock.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Mom- Coo, tt^ ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Cornu House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled,

An Act for regulating the Trial of Persons, guilty of counterfeiting the Coin in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for explaining an Act made there in the Year One Thousand Six hundred and Seventy-two, intituled, "An Act concerning the Regulation of the " Judicatories, and to impower the Lords of the Justiciary to appoint the respective Times, on which " Circuit Courts are to be held."

And

Lord desire Communication of P»p<rf.

Conference with the Lord* — Dif-arming the Highlands in Scotland.

Frauds by Bankrupts.

5 Geo. II. zi° — 23° Mali.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mortis, 2 30 Maii;

Anno 5* Georgii II"1 Regis, 173*. Prayers.

A MESS AGE from the Lords, by Mr. Elde, and Mr. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

Sir Robert Sutton having, by Petition, informed their Lordship, that there are several Letters of Correspondence between him and Mr. Robert Arbvtbnot, Banker of Paris, which are ligned by the said Robert,

and are now lying before this House, and which, as Sir Robert Sutton is advised, are necessary for his Defence against the Bill, to restrain him, with others, from going out of the Kingdom, and for other Purposes, the Lords do desire, that the said Letters of Correspondence may be laid before their Lordships.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will fend an Answer to the said Message by Messengers of their own.

And the Messengers were again called in, and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Petition of the Proprietors of the Charitable Corporation, for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums upon Pledges, at legal Interest, assembled in their general Court, is referred, do lay before this House the several Letters from Mr. Robert Arbuthnot Banker at Paris, to Sir Robert Sutton, which were signed by the said Robert Arbuthnot, and were delivered by the said Sir Robert Sutton to the said Committee.

And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker's Chamber.

And their Names were called over, and they withdrew accordingly.

Ordered, That Mr. David Avery do attend this House immediately.

Mr. Sandy s, from the Committee to whom the Petition of the Proprietors of the Charitable Corporation, for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums upon Pledges, at legal Interest, assembled in their general Court, is referred, pursuant to the Order of the House, presented the several Letters sent by Mr. Robert not, Banker at Paris, to Sir Robert Sutton, which are ligned by the said Robert Arbuthnot, and were delivered by the said Sir Robert Sutton to the said Committee.

And the said Letters were read.

Ordered, That Mr. Sandys do carry the said Letters to the Lords, and desire their Lordships, when they have made use thereof, that the same may be returned to this House,

Sir Edmund Bacon, of Gillingham, reported to the House, that he having (according to Order) been with the Lords, to desire a Conference upon the Subject-matter of the Amendments, made by their Lordlliips to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing an Act, of the Eleventh "Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for 4< more effectual disarming the Highlands in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for the better lecuring the Peace and Quiet of that Part of the Kingdom," the Lords do agree to a Conference, and appoint the same Tomorrow, at One of the Clock, in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Committee, who were appointed to draw up Reasons, to be offered to the Lords at the Conference, for disagreeing with their Lordships in the last of the said Amendments, do manage the said Conference.

Mr. Gybbon reported from the Committee, to whom it was referred to draw up Reasons, to be offered to the Lords at a Conference, for disagreeing to one of the Vol. 21.

Amendments, made by their Lordships to the Bill, intituled, An Act to prevent the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts j that they had drawn up Reasons accordingly, which they haddirested him to report to the House: And he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; where the Reasons were read, and are as follows; viz.

The Commons do agree to all the Amendments, made by your Lordships to the Bill, intituled, An Act to prevent the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts, except to the Amendment Press 41. Line 13. to which the Commons disagree;

1 ft, Because no Provision is made by your Lordships for the safe Custody of the Records, when this Act, which is temporary, shall expire:

2dly, Because it is not probable, tho* a Law of the like Nature with this, should hereafter be made, that the same Persons would enjoy such Office, and therefore the Records, by being removed, may be loft, or damaged j whereas the Place, proposed by the Commons, is an ancient known Office, which will continue on other Accounts, and the Records remain there in Safety, and ail Persons know where to find them, notwithstanding the Expiration of this Act:

3dly, Because it is not likely that such new Officer, who1 must provide a House, and probably, a Deputy,

should inroll such Commissions, and Proceedings, on as easy and reasonable Terms, as may be expected from Persons, used to such Business, who have an Office provided for them, and whose Fees are as subject to be ascertained by the Lord Chancellor, as those of such new Officer, proposed by your Lordships.

The Commons decline, at this Time, offering any other Realons, believing, these may be sufficient to prevail with your Lordshipsnot to infill upon the said Amendment, that a Bill, so necessary, may not be loft.

The said Reasons, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question kverally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That a Conference be desired with the Lords Conference upon the Subject-matter of the Amendments, made by desired with their Lordships to the said Bill. ,hc ^orda*

Ordered, That Mr. Bofcawen do go to the Lords, and desire the said Conference.

Ordered, That the Reverend Doctor William George be Dr. George desired to preach before this House at St. Margaret's, Wzjl- on

minster, upon Monday, the Twenty-ninth Day of this in- ajr*

stant May; and that Mr. Wyndham, and Mr. Edward Walpole, do acquaint him therewith.

The Lord Hervey reported from the Committee, ap- charitable pointed Yesterday to translate the Letter from Signior Corporation. John Angelo Belloni at Rome, directed to the Gentlemen of the Committee of the Parliament of appointed

to inspect the Affairs of the Charitable Corporation, and, if the said Committee did not subsist, to S\x Robert Sutton, Sir John Shadwell, Walter MolejDoftor John Mowbray, or some one of them, at London; that they had transfated the same accordingly: And he delivered the Letter and Translation, in at the Clerk's Table; where the said Translation was read.

And the Letter to Doctor Arbuthnot from his Brother at Paris, and the Letter to Sir Robert Sutton from him, which are mentioned in the last Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Proprietors of the Charitable Corporation, for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums upon Pledges, at legal Interest, aflemtLd in their general Court, is referred, were read, and are as follows; viz.

Dear Brother, Paris, May 21(1, 1732,

This inclosed Pacquet, I believe will surprise you. I had the Orders, to get 'Thomson arrested, transmitted to me by you from Sir Robert Sutton; and I can't fend the Execution of them a better Way, than to address them to Sir Robert Sutton again. I suppose, Mr. Belloni' % Letter

932 23 'Mau. A. 1732.

Charitable ter to the Committee will be delivered to them, or, if the Corporation. Committee b dillulved, you fee, said Letter is addressed to him. I hope this Affair will be of Use the Sufferers, and so to the Nation: My Intention, at least, is, that it shoul J be so. I go in Two Days to Bourbon: My Son will convoy my Letters safe to me, till I come back, which will be in about a Month, or Five Weeks. My Lord Walgrave is at Compiegne; so I could not communicate this to his Lordship, without losing a Pod. I came from Rouenherc late Yesternight, and the Post goes early

away this Morning; so I can only add my Love and Service to the Family, and that I am, with great Affection,

Dear brother, Yours.

To Doctor Arbuthnot,

in Cork-fir tel, Burlington Buildings,

London.

Sir,

I wrote you some Months agone about Messieurs Robin Jon and Thmjen, to which I had no Answer. I was informed fitree, that Thomdesigned to go to , for I have known every Step he has made, since you first recommended this Affair to me. I wrote to my Correspon-dents in Italy, to look narrowly after him, and if it was pofiibte, to get him arrested, in order to get an Information. from himself, of his Effects, and of his Gestion in the Charitable Corporation's Service. My Correspondent at 'Rome, Mr. John AngeloBellohas got him arrested, and

made Prisoner in the Cattle Saint Angelo, and has engaged him to make a full Discovery of all his Effects, and a full Memorandum of his Gestion, as you'll tee by this Letter from Mr. Belloni to the Committee, which I fend you inclosed. Mr. Belloni has sent me said Information, and the Memoir, with Mr. Tbmf Papers, and his Orders to his Friends, to deliver up the Effects; and at the same time has engaged his Promise to that these

Papers thall not be given up, nor out of my Hands, till the Conditions, that Thomson requires in this joint Memoir, be agreed to; so as that I can answer to Mr. Belloni, that they are absolutely secured. Upon this Assurance, I shall fend you large Discoveries, and of great Sums, with Orders to his Correspondents, to make 'em effectual; but, without this, I am obliged in Honour to fend all back to Mr. Belloni, it being only a Deposit in my Hands. The Express he has lent me, costs Two thousand Livres, and the Bearer of it expedlsyet more. I hope this Discovery is worth the Expence, and that I deserve Thanks, as well as Mr. I can say, that my In-

tentions, are, the Service of my Country, and the Relief of the Sufferers. I have followed this Affair with great Application, and I shall think myself happy, if it is approved by the Publick, and by you, Sir, to whom I am, with great Respect,

Your most humble and most obedient Servant.

P. S. I came late to Town Yesternight, and the Post goes away early, and Lord IValgrave is at so

could not communicate this to his Lordship.

1 hope, if the Committee be dissolved, that the Letter from Belloni will be delivered to the Speaker.

Paris, 21 May, 1732.

To Sir Robert Sutton, Baronet, Knight of the Bath.

And the Paper of Proposals, signed " J. which is likewise mentioned in the said Report, was read.

And the Letter, delivered Yesterday Morning to the said Committee by Mr. David Avery, was also read, and is as follows; viz.

Italian Banqueir, by the Instigation of a Scotch one at Pans, perhaps you may guess at him, employed by the Committee; but all these are uncertain, till we hear mote.

Pray let me know how Affairs are with you, and how ail goes. I had one from Betty's Cousin, who tells me, (he has been ill, and in the Doctor's Hands about 12 Days, but n*.w in a much better State of Health, and he hopes in her Return. I with it heartily. I have little to say, till I hear more, but in Concern, to know of your Health, and whether you think the Season proper for me to travel. You fee the Weather very inconstant. I hope to hear from you by JudJon, and by him I'll fend you Bundles, if you write for them by him. I cannot enlarge, but still assures you, I am your's.

Thursday, May 29th, 1732. Adiew.

For Mr. Owen, Salop, Merchant, at Will's Coffee-house, near the Change, London.

And the said David Avery was called in, and examined.

And then he withdrew.

Resolved, nemine contradicente, That the Paper, dated Cemish-at Rome, the Fourth of May 1732, N. S. signed " John *r " Angelo Belloni," directed to the Gentlemen of the Com- wheiL"<l mittee of the Parliament ot Englappointed to inspect the Affairs of the Charitable Corporation, and, if the said Committtee did not subsist, to Sir Robert Sutton, Sir ‘John Shad well, Walter Mclesworth, Doctor John Mowbray, or some one of them, at London, is an insolentand audacious Libel, attempting by false and insidious insinuations, to impose upon the Parliament, and British Nation, and, by speciods Pretences, and Professions of Esteem, Affection, and Companion, to amuse the unhappy Sufferers of the Charitable Corporation with vain and deceitful Hopes of Relief; that the said Paper is in itself absurd and contra-didory, conceived, at the Beginning, in Terms, and in the Stile, of Power and Authority, or, as proceeding from some extraordinary Interestand Influence, but concluding in the Person and Character of a private Banker of Rome, offering, upon certain Conditions on the behalf of Thomson, to deliver certain Books and Papers of the said Thomson, the Contents, Value, and Consequence whereof, are unknown, without any Offer to surrender the Person of the said Thomson, although represented to have been. arrested, and detained in lafe Custody, from a Sense of the Frauds committed by him, and a due Regard to Justice, the Conditions demanded, and infilled upon by and in behalf of the said Thomson, appearing at the same time to be loose, evasive, and uncertain, tending to procure Advantages and Indemnity to himself, and Accomplices, without any Intention, or Prospect of Benefit to to the Corporation; and that this whole Transaction appears to be a scandalous Artifice, calculated purely to delude the Unhappy, and to disguise and conceal the wicked Practices of the professed Enemies to his Majesty s Person, Crown, and Dign ity.

Resolved, nemine contradicente. That, in Abhorrence To beta and Detestation of this vile Attempt, the said. infamous b°®»" Libel be burnt by the Hands of the common Hangman, before the Royal Exchange in London, upon Friday next, at One of the Clock: and that the Sheriffs of London do then attend, and cause the same to be burnt there accordingly.

Resolved, That the Concurrence of the Lords be desired to the said Resolutions.

Resolved, That a Conference be desired with the Lords Cwfawt upon a Matter of great Importance, which concerns the Honour and Dignity of his Majesty's Crown and Government.

Ordered, That Sir William Tonge do go to the Lords, and desire the said Conference*

Sir,

I suppose you have heard of one s being seized

by the Chevalier's Orders at Rome, and strictly examined: I am also told, that he is discharged; but that wants Confirmation. Some fry, he was taken up by an *5

The Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Report kfafol from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Siiwikf Bill for the Relief of the Sufferers in the Charitable Cro-paration, for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting the m

with

Conference with the Lords — Frauds by Bankrupts.

Conference with the Lords — Dif-aiming the Highlands in Scotland.

Charitable

Corporation —

Conference with the Lords.

5 Geo. II.

2 3° — 240 — 250 Mali.

933

with frhall Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, was committed, be further adjourned till Tomorrow, at Eleven of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 24.0 die Mail;

Anno 5* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1732. Prayers.

MR. Bofcawen reported to the House, that he having (according to Order) been with the Lords, to desire a Conference upon the Subject-matter of the Amendments, made by their Lordships to the Bill, intituled, An Act to prevent the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts, the Lords do agree to a Conference, and appoint the same upon Friday next, at One of the Clock, in the Painted Chamber.

The Time being come, for the Conference with the Ijords upon the Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing an Act, of the Eleventh Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for more effectual disarming the Highlands in " that Part of Great Britain called and for the

" better securing the Peace and Quiet of that Part of " the Kingdom

The Names of the Managers, appointed Yesterday to manage this Conference, were called over; and they went to the Conference:

And being returned;

Sir John Hind Cotton reported, that the Managers had been at the Conference, and had given the Lords the Reasons for disagreeing to one of the Amendments, made by their Lordships to the Ft id Bill; and had left the Bill, and Amendments, with their Lordships.

Sir William Ycngereported, that he having (according to Order) been with the Lords, to desire a Conference upon a Matter of great Importance, which concerns the Honour and Dignity of his Majesty's Crown and Government, the Lords do agree to a Conference, and appoint the same presently, in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to manage the said Conference:

And it is referred to Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir Wm. Yonge, Mr. Pelham, Lord Hervey, Mr.

ton, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Edgcumbe, Mr. Clut-

ter buck, Mr. Gy b bon, Mr. Plummer, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Wyndham, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Sir Edmund

Bacon, Mr. Worthy, Mr. 7bTower, Mr. Bojcawen, Sir Wilfrid Lawson, Sir Charles Nicol, Mr. St.

Sir Tito. Rohinjon, Sir Nicholas , Mr. Waller, Sir

John Hind Cotton, Mr. Oglethorpe, Mr. Cockburn, Mr. Sambroke, General Wade, Mr. Wardour, Sir James ther, Mr. Moi'e, Lord Nassau Sir Wm. Clayton,

Sir Robert Clifton, Sir Gilbert Heathcote, Mr. Danvers, Mr. Scrope, Sir Robert AujlenxSir 7ho. , Mr.

Tho. Townshend.

Ordered, That the Paper (with the Translation thereof) dated at Rome, the Fourth of May 173a, N. S. signed John Angelo Bellcni," and also the Letter to Doctor Arbuthnot from his Brother at Paris, and the other Letter to Sir Robert Sutton from him, and the Paper of Proposals, signed " J. Thomfonf and the Letter, which was delivered to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Proprietors of the Charitable Corporation, for Relief of Industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, assembled in their general Court, is referred, by Mr. David Avery, be delivered to the Lords at the Conference; and that their Lordships be acquainted, that the said David Avery has been examined, at the Bar of this House, concerning the said Letter; and that the Commons have come to Vo l.21.

some Resolutions on this Occasion, to which they desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

Then the Managers went to the Conference:

And being returned;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reported', that the Managers had been at the Conference with the Lords, and had acquainted their Lordships, that the Common# had come to some Resolutions, to which they desired the Concurrence of their Lordships; and that they had left the said Resolutions with the Lords, and also the Papers, ordered by the House to be delivered to their Lordships; and had acquainted their Lordships. that Mr. David Avery had been examined, at the Bar of this House, concerning the Letter, by him delivered to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Proprietors of the Charitable Corporation, for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, assembled in their general Court, is referred.

The Orders of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to take into further Considera- Relief of tion the Report from the Committee of the whole House, Sufferers by to whom the Bill for the Relief of the Sufferers in the Charitable Charitable Corporation, for Relief of industrious Poor, orpora by assisting them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, was committed.

And the rest of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the Bill, were severally read a Second time, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to some of them, agreed utito by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, declaring, by whom Claims for Infants, Femes covert, Madmen,

Ideots, or Lunaticks, shall be made.

And the said Clause was twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Scotland, the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, "An Act for regulating the Trial of 1'ersons, guilty of counterfeiting the Coin in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for explaining an Act, made there in the Year One thousand Six hundred and Seventy-two, intituled, "An Act concerning the Regulation of the Judicatories,

" and to impower the Lords of the Judiciary to appoint " the respective Times, on which Circuit Courts are to " be held."

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

yovis 2 5* die Mail;

Anno 5° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1732.

Prayer#.

AM E S S A G E from the Lords, by Mr. Thomas Conferenc* Bemet and Mr. Elde: 7*

Mr Speaker,

The Lords do desire a Conference with this House, at Two of the Clock, in the Painted Chamber, upon the Subject-matter of the said Conference.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to a Conference with the Lords, as their Lordships do desire.

And the Messengers were again called in, and Mr.

Speaker acquainted them therewith.

An ingrafted Bill for the Relief of the Sufferers in the g'j^ersby Charitable Corporation, for Relief of industrious Poor, by charitable7

II D assisting Corporation.

934

2 5° — a 6

A.

*732*

a (lifting them with small Suras, upon Pledges, at legal Incereft, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to-be made to the Bill; viz.

Press 3. L. 7. To leave out <e July," and insert August

Press 7. L. x 8. After the Word " paid" to insert by " the Person or Persons claiming the fame, his or their Testator or Intestate:

Press 11. L. 4. After the Word " before" to insert " or after

Press 17. L. 35. After the Word " Interest" to insert " and."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; and that the Title be, An Act for appointing Commissioners, for taking, dating, and determining, all the Claims and Demands of the Creditors of the Charitable Corporation, for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, and of all Persons, claiming any Share or Interest in the Stock or Fund of the said Corporation; and for enabling the said Corporation to name one Person to be an Assignee under the respective Commissions of Bankruptcy, awarded against George Robinson and John Thomson; and for enabling the Commissioners, acting under the said Commissions of Bankruptcy, to proceed, and enquire of the Estates, Goods, and Effects, of the said Bankrupts, and to apply the fame; and to oblige John Father of the said John Thomson, the Bankrupt, to appear before the said Commissioners of Bankruptcy in England.

Ordered, That the Lord Limerick do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

before this House in the next Session of Parliament, of the several Instructions, which have been given by her late Majesty, his late Majesty, and his present Majesty, to the respective Governors of his Colonies in America, relating to the taking, or not taking, any Sums of Money, by way of Present, or Salary, from the Inhabitants thereof, and when, and how, the same have at any Time been varied; and also, what Directions have been given by any of their said Majesties, for the Repair of the Forts and Fortifications of Barbadoes and the Leeward Hlamls.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

The Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fort- Counr' night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for regulating the Trial of Persons, guilty of counterfeiting the Coin in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for explaining an Act, made there in the Year One thousand Six hundred and Seventy-two, intituled, "An Act concerning the Regulation of the " Judicatories, and to impower the Lords of the Judiciary " to appoint the respective Times, on which Circuit " Courts are to be held."

And then the House adjourned tiil To.morrow Morning, Nine of the ('lock.

Veneris, 26° die Maii; Anno 5# Georgii IIdi Regis, 1732. Pit AYERS.

Conference The Time being come, for the Conference with the Tord* kords upon the Subject-matter of the last: Conference;

Ordered, That the Managers, who managed the last Conference, do manage this Conference.

And the Names of the Managers were called over; and they went to the Conference;

And being returned;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reported the Conference i which was to acquaint this House, that the Lords had taken into their Consideration the several Letters, delivered Yesterday at the Conference, as also the Two Resolutions of this House, communicated at the feme time; and that the Lords had agreed to the said Resolutions; and that their Lordships had returned all the Letters, delivered at the said Conference, except that which is ordered to be burnt, which Letter the Lords had directed should be transmitted to the Sheriffs of London, to cause the same to be burnt accordingly: And he delivered the said Letters in at the Clerk's Table.

Ciiaplain. Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to confer some Dignity in the Church upon the Reverend' Mr. George Stephens, Chaplain to this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

Manufacturet Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his in America. Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to give Directions to the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, to prepare a further Representation, to belaid before this House in the next Session of Parliament, of the State of his Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in America, with respect to any Laws made, Manufactures set up, and Trade carried on, there, which may affect the Trade, Navigation, and Manufactures, of this Kingdom.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to give Orders, that the proper Officers do provide Copies, to be laid

THE Time being come, for the Conference with the Cmltmtt Lords upon the Amendments, made by the Lords wtktfe to the Bill, intiuled. An Act to prevent the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts; <

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to manage the said Conference:

And it is referred to Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Sir Wm. Yonge, Mr. "Plummer, Sir John Ruflout, Mr. Digby, Colonel Read, Mr. Clutter buck, Mr. Sir Charles

Nicol, Mr. Danvers, Mr. More, Mr. Edwards, Mr. Orlebar, Mr. Cafar, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Crop, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Coplejion, Lord Limerick, Mr. Sir anyways Horner, Mr. Packer, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Potenger, Mr. Alderman Barnard, Mr. Wimington.

Then the Names of the Managers were called over; and they went to the Conference:

And being returned;

Mr. Gybbon reported, that the Managers had been at the Conference, and had given the Lords the Reasons for disagreeing to one of the Amendments, made by their Lordships to the said Bill; and had left the Bill, and Amendments, with their Lordships,

Mr. Comptrollerreported to the House, that their Ad- Answenn dress, of Yesterday, That his Majesty would be graciously Aito pleased to confer some Dignity in the Church upon the Reverend Mr. George Stephens, Chaplain to this House, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty was pleased to fey, He will bestow some Dignity in the Church upon the Chaplain to this House. as desired.

Mr. Comptroller also reported to the House, that their Addresses, of Yesterday, That his Majesty would be graciously pleased to giveDirections to the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, to prepare a further Representation, to be laid before this House in the next Session of Parliament, of the State of his Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in America, with respect to any Laws made, Manufactures set up, and Trade carried on, there, which may affect the Trade, Navigation, and Manufactures, of this Kingdom; and that his Majesty would be graciously

pleased

The Hotife

arteids D*vi. c Service.

Dr. Gcorje

i i>ki.kcu.

PrchV*

Election.

Ctnicfence

with the LorJs — Disarming the Highlands. Scotland

5 Geo. II. 26° — 290 — % <? Mail 935

pleafid to give Orders, that the proper Officers do provide Cop'es, to be said before this House in the next Session of Parliament, of the several Instructions, which have been given by her late Majesty, his late Majesty, and his present Majesty, to the respective Governors of his Colonies in America, relating to the taking, or not taking, any Sums ot Money, by way of Present, or Salary, from the Inhabitants thereof, and when, and how, thefatne have at ai y time been varied,_ aid also what Directions have been given by any of their laid Majesties, for the Repair of the Forts and Fortifications of and the

Leeward Islands, had been presented to his Majesty; and that l.is Majesty had commanded him to*acquaint this Huufc, that lie will give Directions accordingly.

And then the House adjourned till Monday next. One of the Clock in the Afternoo.t.

Luna, 29®;

Anno 50 Georgii IIJi Regis, 1732.

AFTER divine Service, Mr. Speaker, attended by the Members, and the Clerk, the Mace being carried before him, walked from Saint minster, to the House.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to the Reverend Dr. William G for the Sermon, by him preached before this House this Morning at St. Margaret's, Westminster; and that he be desired to print the f me; and that Mr. Wyndham and Mr. Edward Walpole do acquaint him therewith.

A Petition c-f Alexander , Sheriff Clerk of the County of Peebles, was presented to the House, and read; complaining, that on the Twenty-eighth of April lalf, at a Meeting of the Freeholders of the said County, to eleCl a Knight of the Shire, Sir Alexander of B/ackbarony, Sheriff Depute, though restrained by his

Commission from naming a Sheriff Clerk, appointed Mr. William Veitch, of Bog-end, to execute that Office, in Prejudice to the Petitioner, who then attended, and infilled on his Right: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to relieve the Petitioner in such Manner, as to the House shall feeni proper. Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Thurston and Mr. Burroughs:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords do desire a present Conference with this House, in the Painted Chamber, upon the Subject-matter of the Amendments, made by their Lordships to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing an £Cl, of the Eleventh Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An " Act for more effectual disarming the Highlands in that " Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for the better " securing the Peace and Quiet of that Part of the " Kingdom."

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved\That this House doth agree to meet the Lords at a present Conference, as their Lordships do desire.

And the Messengers were called in again, and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to manage the said Conference:

And it is referred to Mr. S, Mr. Crojfe, Mr. Plummer, Mr. Edward Walpole, Lord , Mr

General Wade, Lord Hervey, Mr. Wyndham, Lord Walden, Mr. Whitworth, Sir Roger , Mr. Aider-

man Perry, General Sutton, Mr. , Mr. Arundell,

Mr. Stewart, Mr. Campbell, Colonel Pulteney, Sir "James Lowl her, Mr. Harrison, Mr. Mr. Clutter buck,

Mr. Conduit, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Herbert, Sir Geo. -kenfie. Sir Geo. Saville, Mr. , Mr. Ward,

Vol. SI.

Mr. Drummond, Colonel St. Clair, Mr. Edwards, Mr.

Corbett.

And the Names of the Managers were called over; and they went to the Conference 1 And being returned;

Mr. Sandys reported, that the Managers had met the Lords at the Conference, which was managed, on the Part of the Lords, by the Lord President j who acquainted them, that the Lords having taken into Consideration the Reasons, given by the Commons, at a Conference on Wednesday last, for their disagreeing with one of the Amendments, made by their Lordships to the Bill, for continuing an Act, of the Eleventh Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the more effectual disarming the Highlands in that Part of Great Bii*

" tain called Scotland, and for the better securing the " Peace and Quiet of that Part of the Kingdom," their Lordships do infilt on their Amendment; for which they, gave their Reasons: Which he reported to the House:

And the Reasons are as follows; viz.

1 ft, Because the whole Foundation of this Bill is to render the Inhabitants of the Highlands more civilized, and to induce them to live in the like Manner, as the rest of his Majesty's Subjects:

2dly, Because the Highland Drefshas been one of the chief Reasons, why the Peace of that Part of the Kingdom has been so often broke, and so many Injuries done to the Country adjoining to the Highlands, by its being lb commodious for marching, and lying abroad in the Fields: jdly, Because it is much easier for the Inhabitants of the Highlands to be guilty of Insurrections, in Disturbance of the publick Peace, when they wear the Highland Habit, than if they were dressed in the like Manner, as the rest of the Kingdom:

4thly, Because this Clause is confined to Gentlemen, and others, who have no Pretence to any Necessity of wearing the said Habit.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Examining whom the Bill for reviving an Act, made in the Tenth Drugs* Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act for the better viewing,

" searching, and examining, all Drugs, Medicines,

Waters, Oils, Compositions, used or to be tiled for " Medicines, in all Places, where the same shall be ex- poled to Sale, or kept for that Purpose, within the City of London, and Suburbs thereof, or within Seven " Miles Circuit of the said City,"..... be taken into Consideration on Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 30* die Maii;

Anno 5* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1732.

Prayers.

AM ES SAGE from the Lords, by Mr. KJnqflon and Mr. Thomas Rennet:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to restrain Sir Robert Sutton, Knight of the Bath, Sir Ar- SirR.Sutton, chib aid Grant, Baronet, Denis Bond, William Burroughs, &c. from Esquires, George JatkJon, Benjamin , Gentlemen, y*'°*mth*

Richard Woolley, and Ibomas Warren, from going out of IL,n* on,‘

this Kingdom for the Space of one Year, and until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and sordid covering their Estates and Effects, and to prevent the transporting, or alienating, the same; and to oblige William Squire to surrender himself at a Time and Place, mentioned in the Act, and to give Security for his not going out of this Kingdom for the Space of one Year, and

9l6

30° M.

A. 173a.

until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and for discovering his Estate and Effedfs, and to prevent the transporting, or alienating, the same; and for committing the aforesaid William to the Prison of the

Fleet, until he shall have complied with the Directions of this Act; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

Hyde P*rk The Lords have agreed to the Amendment, made by Conduict, lec. this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the Conduits, Springs, and Waters, in Hyde Park, in Trustees, for the Benefit of his Majesty.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Rtftraining The House proceeded to take into Confederation the Sir R.Sotton, Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act to restrain Sir Robert Knight of the Bath,

Sir Archibald Grant, Baronet, Denis Bond,

iec. from leaving the Kingdom.

L. 44, 45. Leave out " and also, during the " Time aforesaid, fir all be and are hereby, disabled," and insert " or.'*

L. 46. After "their" insert "or either of

" their."

L. 47, Leave out the first "and," and insert

" or "

Press 9. L. 1. After " their" insert " real or."

L. 2. Leave out " Estate,' and insert " Estates."

L. 3. Leave out " such," and insert " off and, in the same Line, leave out from "Debts" to the ad " and, " in the 7th Line.

L. 8. After " Goods" insert " and all Conveyances, Alienations, Charges, and Incumbrances,

" whatsoever, of and upon the Estates, real and personal,

" of the said Sir Robert Sutton, Sir Archibald Grant,

" Denis Bond, William Burro, Richard and

roughs, Esquires, George Jackson, Benjamin Robinson, " ‘Thomas Warren, since the Twenty-ninth Day of Gentlemen, Richard Woolley, and Thomas Warren, from " tember. One thousand Seven hundred and Thirtygoing out of this Kingdom for the Space of one Year, " one, shall be Subject to the Wisdom and Justice of and until the End of the then next Session of Parliament,

and for discovering their Estates and Effects, and to prevent the transporting, or alienating, the fame; and to oblige William Squire to surrender himself at a Time and Place, mentioned in the Act, and to give Security for his not going out of this Kingdom for the Space of oneYcar, 1 and until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and for discovering his Estate and Effects, and to prevent the transporting, or alienating, the fame; and for com- 1 mitting the aforesaid William Burroughs to the Prison of the Fleet, until he shall have complied with the Directions of this AdL

And the said Amendments were read, and are as follows; viz.

Press 1. L. 15, 16. Leave out " Jackson,

jamin Robinson, Gentlemen."

Press i. L. 22, 23. Leave out " George Jackson,

" jamin Robinson."

L. 31. Leave out " George Jackson, Benjamin Robinson."

Press 2. L. 2. Leave out " George Jackson, Benjamin " Robinson."

L. 12, Leave out " George Jackson, Benjamin " Robinson."

L. 15. Leave out " ," and insert "

L. 31, 32. Leave out " George jackson,

" Benjamin Robinson."

Press 3. L. 5. Leave out " George Jackson, Benjamin " Robinson."

L. 8. Leave out " June," and insert " July."

L. 25, 26. Leave out " George Jackson, Benjamin Robinson"

Press 4. L. 1, 2. Leave out " George Jackson, u jamin Robinson."

L. 28. After " excepted" insert " without " any wilful Concealment or Omission."

Press 5. L. 6. After " paid" insert " without any wilful Concealment or Omission."

Press 6. L. 22. Leave out " George Jackson, Benjamin Robinson."

L. 35, 36. Leave out " George Jackson,

jamin Robitfon,"

Press 7. L. 11, ia. Leave out " George Jackson,

11 jamin Robinson."

L. 35, 36. Leave out " George Jackson, Benjamin Robinson."

" Parliament, as shall be hereafter adjudged, except " such Conveyances, Alienations, and Incumbrances,

" as were made and done bona fide, and for a valuable " Confederation."

L. 17. Leave out George Jackson, Benjamin " Robinson."

L. 20, 21. Leave out " said Twenty-ninth " Day of September," and insert " Third Day ol " June"

L. 22, 23, 24. Leave out " one, and until the " End of the then next Session of Parliament," and insert "two."

L. 28. Leave out " were," and insert " shall " be;" and, in the same Line, leave out "Twenty*

" ninth," and insert " Third."

L. 29. Leave out " September," and insert

" June."

L. 30. Leave out " one," and insert " two."

L. 31. Leave out " are or."

L. 32. Leave out " Twenty-ninth," and insert " Third."

L. 33. Leave out " September," and insert

" June."

L. 34. Leave out " one," and insert " two."

L. 37. Leave out "Twenty."

L. 38. Leave out " Nin;h," and insert " Third," and, in the same Line, leave out " September," and insert " June."

L. 39, 40. Leave out "one, or before the " End of the then next Session of Parliament," and insert " two."

Press 10. L. 1i, 12. Leave out " George Jackson,

" jamin Robinson."

Press 11. L. 3, 4. Leave out " George Jackson,

" jamin Robinson."

L. 26. Leave out " George Jackson, Btnjamin Robinson."

L. 43, 44. Leave out " been required to answer the same in Parliament, which he has neglected to do, and has."

Press 13. L. 17, 18. Leave out George Jackson,

" jamin Robinson."

L. 19. After " respectively" insert " and " Persons in Trust for them respectively."

L. 25. After " And" insert " whereas the " said William Burroughs withdrew himself, and did not

ear _____1 — ! .1 t t t r n »i r

Press 8. L. 34. Leave out " George Jackson, Benjamin " surrender, in order to be brought to Justice, till after " Robinson." " his Majesty's royal Proclamation, promising a Reward

L. 36. Leave out "Twenty." " for apprehending him, was issued."

L. 37. Leave out " Ninth," and insert L. 26. After " it" insert " therefore."

" Third and, in the same Line, leave out " Septem- In the Title of the Bill, L. 3. Leave out " George " ber," and insert " June." " Jackson, Benjamin Robinson, Gentlemen."

L. 38, 39. Leave out " one, and until the The said Amendments, being severally read a Second * End of the then next Session of Parliament," and insert time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon,

two."

L. 39, 40. Leave out " disabled from and.

agreed unto by the House.

! \ :‘i :a

K> ' 1*;l

Cov'

io

IcM

Fr.u

U

OrdertJ,

inference

uitli the Lords — Dif-arming the Highlands iu Scotland.

Conference uith the Lords — Frauds by Bankrupts,

Frivoloat

Antfts,

Relief of ^offerers fcy C'hiritable Corp^rat'-oo

Frivolous

Arrests.

5 Geo. II.

Ordered, That Mr. Sandys do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments, made by their Lordships.

The Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report of the last Conference with the Lords, upon the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more effectual disarming the Highlands in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for the better securing the Peace and Quiet of that Part of the Kingdom, be taken into Consideration upon this Day Sevennight.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 310;

Anno 5* Georgii IIJi Regis, 1732.

Prayers,

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and Mr. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords do desire a Conference with this House, at Two of the Clock, in the Painted Chamber, upon the Subject-matter of the Amendments, made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act to prevent the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to meet the Lords at a Confidence, as their Lordships do desire.

And the Messengers were called in again, and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and Mr. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Iteign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act to prevent " frivolous and vexatious Arrells,' with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

Ti e Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for appointing Commissioners, for taking. Pating, and determining.all the Claims and Demands of the Creditors of the Charitable Corporation, for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, and of all Persons, claiming any Share or Interest in the Stock or Fund of the said Corporation; and for enabling the said Corporation to name one Person, to be ah Assignee under the respective Commissions of Bankruptcy, awarded against George and John

<Thomson-, and for enabling the Commissioners, acting under the said Commissions of Bankruptcy, to proceed, and enquire of the Estates, Goods, and Effects, of the said Bankrupts, and to apply the fime; and to oblige John Thomson, Father of the said John , the Bank-

rupt, to appear before the said Commissioners of Bankruptcy in England; with some Amendments; to which

Amendments the Lords desirc the Concurrence of this I Ioule.

And then the Melfcngers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration *he Amendment, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Twelfth Year If the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, Intituled, " An Act to " prevent frivolo: s and vexatious Arrests."

And the said Amendment was read, and is as follows; viz.

Press 2. I- 42. After " aforesaid" insert " Provided " nevertheless, that in particular Franchises and Juris-Vol. 21.

9>1

" dictions, the proper.Officer there (trail execute such " Process."

The said Amendment being read a Second time, was, upon the Queston put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Sir William Tottge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment, made by their.Lordships.

The Tifne being come, for the Conference with the Conference Lords upon the Amendments, made by the Lords to with the the Bill, intituled, An Act to prevent the committing of c°r<1|T Frauds by Bankrupts; .

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to rrianage the said Conference:

And it is referred to Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Sir fVm.

Yonge, Mr. Plummer, Sir John Rufhout, Mr. Digby, Colonel Read, Mr. Clutter buck. Mi. Lewis, Sir Charles coll, Mr. Danvers, Mr. More, Mr. Edwards, Mr. Orle-bar, Mr. Cajar, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Crojfe, Mr. Campbell,

Mr. Copleston, Lord Limerick, Mr. Strangzvayes Horner,

Mr. Packer, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Potengct, Mr.

Winniuglon, Mr. Alderman Barnard.

And the Names of the Managers were called over; and they went to the Conference.

And being returned;

Mb. Gybbon reported, that the Managers had met the Lords at the Conference, which was managed, on the Part of the Lords, by thfe'Earl of Scarborough', who acquainted them, that the Lords having taken into Consideration the Reasons, given by the Commons, at a Conference on Friday last, for their dtfagreeing with one of

s' O ID

the Amendments made by their Lordships to the Bill, intituled, An Act to prevent the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts, their Lxjrdships do insist upon their said Amendment; for which they gave their Reasons: Which he reported to the House.

And the said Reasons were read, and arc as follows; viz.

ift, Because the Proceedings on Matters of Bankruptcy are not properly Proceedings of the Court of Chancery, to which the Office of Inrolment belongs, but are lum* mary Proceedings before the Lord Chancellor only; and therefore it is mo'.t reasonable, his Lordship should have the Appointment of the Officer, who is to keep thd Records ot l'uch Proceedings:

2dly, Because there is sufficient Power and Authority in the Lord Chancellor, to give proper Orders for the Security of such Records, in case this Act, which is temporary, should not be continued:

3d 1 y, Because the Provision, made by the Lords Amendment, is on:y reviving, and continuing, the Method, prescribed by the former Act, and no Complaint has ever been made of any of the Inconveniences, mentioned in the Reasons of the Commons.

The Lords are of Opinion, that thele Reasons are fuf-ticient to prevent lo necessary a Bill from being loft.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put;

That this House doth insist upon the Diiagreement with the Lords to the said Amendment;

The House divided:

The Noes go forth:

Tellers for the Yeas *Mr' Wishing

lellers for the itas,^M). Knight:

Tellers for the Nocs,j Mr‘

(Mr. Andrews t

So it passed in the Negative.

Re/oived, Thar a Conference be desired with the Lords upon the Subject-matter of the last Conference.

Ordered, That Mr. Cornwallis do go to the Lords, and desire the said Conference.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and Mr. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords having agreed to the Bill to rest tain Sir paper*

11 E Robert returned by the Lords.

36° — 3 1° Maii.

2 6.

44-

Co«\fierfnt€ with the Lordi — Frauds by Bankrupts*

Relief of Sufferers by Charitable Corporation.

938 31° Mali. — 1" Jmii. A. 1732.

Robert Sutton, Knight of the Bath, Sir Archibald Grants

Baronet, and others, from going out of this Kingdom for the Space of one Year, and until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and for other Purposes, and their Lordships have returned the several Letters (laid before them by the Commons) from Mr. Robert not to the said Sir Robert Sutton, as was desired.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 1* die Junii;

Anno 5* Georgii IP* Regis, 173a. Prayers.

MR. Cornwallis reported to the House, that he having (according to Order) beeu with the Lords, to desire a Conference upon the Subject-matter of the last Conference, the Lords do agree to a Conference, and appoint the same presently in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to manage the said Conference:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Barnard, Mr. Wyndham, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Saudys, Sir John,

Mr. Lawson, Mr. Compton, Mr. Alderman , Sir

Edmund Bacon, Mr. Burton, Mr. Mr. More,

Sir James Lowther, Sir Wilfred Lawson, Mr. Hucks, Sir

Wm. Tenge, Mr. Winnmgton, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Crcffe, Mr.

Harrison, Major Selwyn, Mr. Phillips, Sir Roger Meredith, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Conduit, Sir John Hynd Cotton, Mr. Alderman Child.

And the Names of the Managers were called over j and they went to the Conference:

And being returned

Mr. Alderman Barnard reported the Conference; and that they had left the Bill, intituled, An Act to prevent the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts, and the Amendments, with the Lords.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for appointing Commissioners, for taking, flaring, and determining, all the Claims and Demands of the Creditors of the Charitable Corporation, for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, and of all Persons claiming any Share or Interest in the Stock or Fund of the said Corporation; and for enabling the said Corporation to name one Person to be an Assignee under the respective Commissions of Bankruptcy, awarded against George Robinson and John Thomson , and for enabling the Commissioners, acting under the said Commissions of Bankruptcy, to proceed, and enquire of the Estates, Goods, and Effects, of the said Bankrupts, and to apply the dime; and to oblige John Thomson, Father of the said John Thomson, the Bankrupt, to appear before the said Commissioners of Bankruptcy in England.

And the said Amendments were read, and are as follows; viz. '

Press 2. L. 11. Leave out " First," and insert

" Twelfth."

L. 19. Leave out " First," and insert

" Twelfth."

L. 32. Leave out " First," and insert

" Twelfth."

Prels 5. L. 40. Leave out " fully," and insert

" truly."

Press 6. L. 31. After "aforesaid," inlert "or the " Examination of the Parties interested."

Press 8. L. 16. After t>lic First" the" insert " Justices " of the Court of King's Bench and Common Pleas, " and the."

L. 17. Leave out " Two," and insert Three or more."

L. 30. After "laid" insert " Justices and." L. 31. Leave out Two," and inlert

« Three."

L. 39. Before " Barons" ihfert " Justices " andand, in the same Line, leave out " Two," and insert " Three or more."

L. 43. Before " Barons" insert " Justices " andand, in the same Line, leave out " Two " and insert " Three or more."

Press 9. L. 1. After " Proprietor" insert "or the " laid Corporation."

L. 14. Before " Barons" insert " Justices " and i" and, in the same Line, leave out " Two," and insert Three or more."

L. 15. Before " Barons" insert " Justices

and."

L. 16. Leave out " Two," and insert " Three or more."

L. 2 2.After " therein" insert Proviso A;

" Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted, that, " in case the said Corporation shall think themselves aggrieved by any Sentence or Determination of the said " Commissioners, hereby appointed, it shall and may be " lawful for the said Corporation to appeal from such " Sentence, or Determination, to the said Justices, and " Barons, in such Manner and Form, as any of the " Claimants or Creditors of the said Corporation are herein before enabled to do."

L. 24. Before " Barons" insert " Justices

" and."

L. 25. Leave out " Two," and insert

" Three or more."

L. 35. Leave out " Two," and insert

" Three or more."

L. 36. Before " Barons" insert "Justices

"and."

L. 39. Before " Barons" insert " Justices

" and."

L. 40. Leave out " Two," and insert

" Three."

Press 10.L. 2. Before " Barons" insert " Justices or." Press 17. L. 36. Leave out " there is Reason toapprehend," and inlert " it is highly necessary."

L. 39. Leave out from " Corporation" to " be," in the last Line of that Prels, and insert " should " appear before the Commissioners in a Commission of " Bankruptcy, awarded against the said John T/iom/cn, his " Son, when duly summoned."

Press 18. L. 4. After " the" insert " saidand leave out from "Commissioners" to " or," in the 6th Line.

L. 10. Leave out "and," and insert "then " the said John Thomson, the Father, shall be adjudged " guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death, as a Felon, " without Benefit of Clergy; and if the said John Thomson, upon his Appearance, shall not."

L. 19. After " Corporation" insert " not " having a reasonable Objection, to be allowed by the " laid Commissioners."

L. ax. Leave out from " be" to " Provided," in the 23d Line, and insert " committed by any Three or " more of them, by Warrant under their Hands and " Seals, to the Prison of the Fleet, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until such Time as he shall " submit to be examined, and answer to such Questions, " as aforesaid."

Press 19. L. 3. Before " Barons," insert " Justices of the Courts of King's Bench and Common Pleas, and." The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Lord Limerick do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House bath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Ordered,

Olir

w

w

lml

101

5 Geo. II. i0 Junii. 93a

Charitib'e Ordered, That the several Reports from the Committee,

Corporation. to whom the Petition of the Proprietors of the Charitable Corporation, for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums upon Pledges, at legal Ituercft, assembled in their general Court, was referred, with the Appendix, which is to one of them, and the Proceedings of the House thereupon, be printed t and that Mr. Speaker do appoint the printing thereof; and that no Person, but such as he shall appoint, do presume to print the feme.

LWfcirkd Ordered \That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to

the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the dealing a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Lejkain the County of Cornwall, in the room of Thomas Cfutterbuck, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of one of the Commi (Boners, for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain,

loyal Assent A Message from his Maje(lv> by Sir Charles , to Bills. Gentleman-usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend his Majesty immediately in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty in the House of Peers j where his Majesty was plealed to give the Royal Assent to the several publick and private Bills following;

An Act for the further Application of the Sinking Fund, by paying off One million of South Sea Stock; and for appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, and Orders, loft, burnt, or otherwise destroyed:

An Additional Act for the Encouragement of the Woollen Manufeftures of this Kingdom, by the more effectual preventing the unlawful Exportation of the Wollen Manufactures of the Kingdom of Ireland to foreign Parts:

An Act for amending, and making more effectal, an Act made in the First Year of the Reign of King James the Second, intituled, " An additional Act for the improvement of Tillage;"

An Act for encouraging the Growth of Coffee in his Majesty's Plantations in America:

An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act passed in the First Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for punishing such Persons,

" as shall wilfully and maHciously pull down or destroy "Turnpikes, for repairing Highways; or ixxks, or " other Works, erected by Authority of Parliament, for " making Rivers navigable

An Act for reviving an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act for the better securing the lawful Trade of his Majesty's Subjtrfts to and from the " East Indies, and for the more effectual preventing all

" his Majesty's Subjects trading thither under foreign " Commissions

An Act for encouraging the Greenland Fishery;

An Act for the better Regulation and Government of Pilots, licensed by the Corporation of Trinity-house of Deptford Strond, in the County of , and to prevent Milchieis and Annoyances upon the River of Thames below London Bridge:

An Act for the further Qualification of Justices of the Peace:

' An Act to oblige the Justices of the Peace, at their General or Quarter Sessions, to determine Appeals made to them, according to the Merits of the Cafe, notwith-

standing Defects of Form in the original Proceedings;

1 and to oblige Persons, suing forth Writs of,

: to remove Orders, made on such Appeals, into his Majesty's Court of King's Bench, to give Security, to; prosecute the same with Effect:

\ An Act for making Process in Courts of Equity

effectual against Persons who abscond, and cannot be feryed therewith, or who tefufe to appear;

Vol. 21.

An Act for making void the several Contrafb, for Sale Royci Afteii of the Estate of JamA,late Earl of Denven'twaier, to 10 William Smith, Esquire, and also of the Annuity df Two hundred Pounds, during the Life of Charles and the Arrears thereof, to Matthew White, Esquire, and the several Conveyances, made in pursuance of the feme:

An Act to restrain Sir Robert Sutton, Knight of t Bath, Sir Archibald Grant, Baronet, Denis Bond, William Burroughs, Esquires, Richard Woolley, and Thomas Warren\ from going out of this Kingdom for the Space of one Year, and Until the end of the then next Session of Parliament, and for discovering their Estates and Effects, and to prevent the transporting, or alienating; the feme; and to oblige Wm. Squire to surrender hidlftlf at a Time and Place, mentioned in the Act, and to give Security for his not going out of this Kingdom for the Space of one Year, and until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and for discovering his Estate and Effects, and to prevent the transporting, or alienating, the same j and for committing the aforesaid Wm. Burroughs to the Prison of die Fleet, until he shall have complied with the Directions of this Act:

An Act for appointing Commissionert, for taking; dating, and determining all the Claims and Demands of the Creditors of the Charitable Corporation, for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums upon Pledges, at legal Interest, and of all Persons, claiming any Share or Interest in the Stock or Fund of the said Corporation 1 and for enabling the said Corporation td name one Person to be an Assignee under the respective Commissions of Bankruptcy, awarded against George Robinson, and John Thomson; and for enabling the Commissioners, acting under the said Commissions of Bankruptcy, to proceed, and enquire of the Estates, Goods; and Effects, of the said Bankrupts, and to apply the feme; and to oblige John Thomson, Father of the said John Thomson, the Bankrupt, to appear before the said Commissioners of Bankruptcy in E

An Act to explain, amend, add render more effectual; an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act to " prevent frivolous and vexatious Arrests

An Act to prevent the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts:

An Act to prevent the Exportation of Hats out of any of his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America, and to restrain the N umber of Apprentices, taken by the Hat-makers in the said Colonies or Plantations, and for the bciter encouraging the making Hats in

An Act for the better and more ealy rebuilding of the Town of Bland ford Forum, in the County of Dorset, and for determining Differences touching Houses, and Buildings, burnt down, or demolished, by xeafon of the late dreadful Fire there:

An Act for the better and more easy rebuilding of the Town of Tiverton, in the County of Devon, and for determining Differences touching Houses, And Buildings, burnt down, and demolished, by reason of the latedreadtul Fire there, and for the better preventing Dangers from Fire for the future:

An Act for repairing and amending the Road leading from the Town of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, through the Town of A/bton under Line, and the Parish of Mottram Longdendale, and from thence to Salters Brook, in the County Palatine of Chester:

An Act for the effectual repairing the Highways between Dunstable and HockUffe, in the County of Bedford, by

enlarging the Term and Bowers granted by Two former Acts, one of the Ninth, and the other of the Twelfth,

Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne:

An Act to enlarge the Pier and Harbour of Scarborough, in the County of York:

An Act for enlarging the Term granted by an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for rebuilding the Pier and Harbour of Parton, in the County of Cumberland:

An

94°

i8 Jun

A.

1732'

fcoya! A (Tent An Act for rendering more effectual an Act, passed in

m> Bill*. the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act for improving the " Navigation of the River Ouze, in the County of " York:"

An Act for vesting the Conduits, Springs, and Waters, in Hyde Park, in Trustees, for the Benefit of his Majesty:

An Act for the Exchange of the Right of Presentation to the Rectory of Wimbome and Vicarage of Loders, in the County of , and for uniting the Rectories and Parishes of Wimborne St. Gyles and Wimborne Allkallowes:

An Act for enlarging the Church-yard of the Parish of Paddington, in Ihe County of:

An Act for enabling Richard, Lord Viscount

ioorth, and his Brothers, to make Leases for Lives, or Years, determinable upon Lives, renewable for ever, or to make Grants in Fee-farm, of a Piece of Ground in the City of Dublin:

An Act for Sale of certain Manors, Woods, Woodlands, and other Lands, and . Hereditaments, in the Counties of Bucks, Hertford, and , Part of the

Estate of Sir William Stan, Knight of the Bath, and for settling other Lands in the County of , of

greater yearly Value, to the same Uses, and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for making effectual an Agreement between Sir Ralph Hare, and his Brothers, for raising Money upon Part of his entailed Estate, and for settling other Lands, not entailed, of greater Value, in lieu thereof:

An Act to impower Sir Robert , Baronet, to

transfer and pay unto Richard , Esquire, certain

Government Securities, and Money, therein mentioned, and for settling Lands, of equal Value, upon the same Trusts:

An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of Sir William Gerrard, Baronet, a Lunatick, for Payment of his Debts, and other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for vesting Part of the Estate of John Lambe, Esquire, in Trustees, for raising Money to discharge several Mortgages, and other Debts and Incumbrances, therein mentioned:

An Act for nuking Leases of the Estate, late of Thomas Stranpeways, Esquire, and Elizabeth, late Duchess of Hamilton, his Siller, both deceased, and for applying the Money arising the reby, for the Purposes therein mentioned.

An Act for Sale of the Estate of Thomas,

deceased, lying in the County of Warwick, for Payment of the Debts charged thereupon, and for making Provision for his Widow, and infant Children:

An Act for raising Money out of the Estate, late of Surtees Szvinburne, Esquire, deceased, for compounding,

and paying the Portions, charged thereon, to his younger Sons, WUltam and Robert Swinburne, and for paying the Debts of Cuthbert Swinburne, Esquire, deceased:

An Act for Sale of the real Estate, late of Robert Abbott, Esquire, deceased, for discharging his Debts and Incumb antes, and for making a Provision for his Widow, and only Son:

An Act for rectifying some Mistakes in a Settlement, made by John Congreve, Esquire, and veiling his Seat and Estate in Stretton, in the County of Stafford, in Trustees, to be sold, for better clearing his Debts, for which his eldetl Son (lands engaged, and purchasing another Estate, more suitable to the Occasions of his Family, to be settled in lieu thereof:

An Act for vesting certain Lands and Estates, in the Counties of Stafford, Leicester, Rutland, and Northampton, late the Ellatcs of Sir Bufwell, Baronet,

deceased, in Trustees, to be ibid for the Payment of his Debts:

An Act for exchanging of certain Lands between Henry Bromley, Esquire, and the Mailer, Fellows, and Scholars, ot Pembroke Hall, in the University of

An Act toestablish and confirm an Agreement, made

between John tPejl, Esquire, an the behalfof his Daughters, 'Mary West, and Frances West, Infants, Sir Francis Vyvyan, Baronet, and Mary Erifey, and to render the same effectual:

An Act for charging the settled Estates of John Francis, Clerk, with the Payment of his Father's Debts and Legacies, and for settling another Estate, of greater Value, to the Uses of his Marriage Settlement:

An Act for vesting Two undivided Fourth Parts of the Manor of Greatham, and of other Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Sussex, the Estate of Barbara Mill and Frances Mill, Spin lie rs, in Trustees, to enable them to join in the Sale of the said intire Manor, Lands, and Hereditaments, for raising Portions for them, and their Two Sifters:

An Act for felling Part of the Estate of Joseph Gace, Esquire, for discharging several Debts and Incumbrances affecting the fame:

An Act for Sale of the Estate of Sir William Morice, Baronet, in Padftow, in the County of Cornwall, and for settling another Estate, of better Value, to the same Uses, in lieu thereof:

An Act; to veil in Mary Ha, Widow, certain Copy-hold Lands in the Manors of Bedlington and Chesterenle Street, in the County of Durham, to sell the same, and thereby to perform the Trusts, mentioned in the Will of Anne Hancock, Widow, deceased:

An Act for supplying a Defect in a Conveyance, lately made by Charles Lloyd, senior, and Sarah his Wile, and Charles Lloyd, junior, and Jane, his Wife, and for the Sale of certain Lands in the County of Montgomery, for railing Three thousand Pounds, and Six hundred Pounds, and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for inclosing and dividing a common Pasture Ground, called Momes Leaze, situate and lying in the Parish of Puriton, alias Pirton, in the County of Wilts:

An Act for confirming the Exchanges, Inclosures.and Divisions, of the common Fields, common Meadows, common Grounds, and Commons, within the Parish of Staunton, in the County of Wills, and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act to enable the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer, for the Time being, to compound with Thomas Tomkyns, Cashierto the late Commissioners for licensing Hawkers, Pedlars, and petty Chapmen, for an Arrear, he Hands charged with to the Crown:

An Act to naturalize Nicholas Haijman:

An Act to naturalize Joseph Guinand, David chell., and others.

After which, his Majesty was pleased to make a most TVKW gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, as followeth; viz.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

You having now dispatched all the publick Business, that it was practicable for you to go through with at present, and the Season of the Year being so far advanced,

I believe, it will not be disagreeable to you, that I give you an Opportunity of retiring into the Country, by putting an End to this Session of Parliament, '

It is unnecessary for me to represent to you the happy State and Situation of publick Affairs, both at home and abroad. You mull all be fenfibie of what is universally leen, and felt, in the full Enjoyment of a general Peace.

The Concurrence of the States General in the late Treaty of Vienna has perfected the Establishment of the publick Tranquillity, as far as human Prudence can foresee, or provide; and a faithful Observance and Execution of the Treaties and Alliances, now subsisting among the several Princes and Powers of Europe, free from Groundless Jealousies, and void of all ambitious Views, will be the moil effectual Means to continue and preserve these Blettings to us.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

1 return you my Thanks for the Provisions you hive

nude,

u

parliament

prorogued.

Parliament further prorogued.

6 Geo. II. i° Junii. — 270 Jtilii. — 120 0^7. — 50 Z)*r, 941

made, for the Defence and Security of the Kingdom, and for carrying on the Service of the current Year. It is a great Satisfaction to me to fee, you have turned your Thoughts towards railing the necessary Supplies by such Methods, as may be the least burthensome to my People; and, as this cannoc but be received in the Country as a moll grateful and acceptable Service, I hope it will encourage you to pursue such Measures for the future, as may on all Occasions render the Supplies, that shall be necessary, as equal, and easy, as is possible.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

It being necessary for me to visit my German Dominions this Year, I have determined to leave the Queen Regent here, during my Absence; and I doubt not, but it will be your Endeavours to make the Government as easy to her, as, I am confident, it will be her Care, by a just and prudent Administration, to deserve your Duty and Regard. I recommend to you all, in your several Stations, to study and consult the Preservation of the Peace and Quiet of the Kingdom.

And afterwards the Lord Chancellor, by his Majesty's Command, said.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

It is his Majesty's royal Will and Pleasure, that this Parliament be prorogued toTAur the Twenty-seventh

Day of July next, to be then here held; and this Parliament is accordingly prorogued to the Twenty-

seventh Day of July next.

Jovisy 270 Julii

Anno 6* Georgii II41 Regis, 1734.

THE House being met, according to the last Prorogation;

A Message was brought from the Lords by Sir William Sanderson, Deputy Gentleman-ulher of the filack Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty's Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers; where the Commission was read.

for the further proroguing the Parliament until the Twelfth Day of October next; and the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until the Twefth

Day of October next.

Jovisy 120 die OSiobris;

Anno 6* Georgii IP' Regis, 1732.

THE House being met, according to the last Prorogation;

A Message was brought from the Lords by Mr*

! turner, Deputy Gentleman-ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty's Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers; where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament until Turf-day, the Fifth Day of December next; and the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until 7'uejclay, the Fifth Day of December next.

Martis, 50 die Decembris 5

Anno 6° Georgii IP* Regis, 1732.

THE House being met, according to the last Prorogation;

A Message was brought from the Lords by Sir William Sanda/on, Deputy Gentleman-ulher of the Black Rod;

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty's Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers; where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament until day, the Sixteenth Day of January next; and the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Tuesday, the Sixteenth Day of January next.

Parliament further prorogued.

Parliament further prorogued.

